I now have over 30k miles and have had a good experience with this SUV. I've had a Lexus GX, ML 500 and this vehicle compares very well. Not as powerful but gets the job done very well. It handles awesome and once the rpm's are up there it rips. A bit anemic off idle though. I tow a snowmobile trailer and the dealer tells me I need new shocks which are covered under warranty thankfully. I'd recommend this vehicle.
I researched this car for over a year. My work paid off. The dealership is great and the automobile is fantastic. The only negative is I feel the paint is a little thin. It nicks very easily. I love the drive, the reliability, and handling. Is it fun to drive??? Really, it is an SUV not a Porsche! 
My experience with the Acura MDX 2008 has been nice. I came from driving a 2005 Nissan Max and needed something bigger and better with safety for me at the time (10 mth old son). The MDX does get up and go, but not initially. I have had it less than a year with just 11,000 hwy miles on it and have never had a problem until now. Took a trip to NC and came back with a loud humming noise. Turned out it was bad wheel bearings. Hopefully once fixed, will not happen again. Other than that all has been well and I am happy with the customer service I have received.
Nothing on the road can compare to this vehicle. I have driven every one and this is the crossover. Handles like a dream and technology is so seamless and easy to use. Sound system is simply remarkable.
MDX performs well and is a safe vehicle if you can start the vehicle! I have had mine in the shop for 20 days and Acura customer service is horrible! I have asked to speak to managers (who were worthless), called client services, and even wrote a letter to headquarters with no resolution. The Acura dealership gives me the run around with what exactly is wrong with the vehicle. First it was the battery (and tried blaming me for leaving lights on when they turn off themselves!), then the entertainment system, and now it's the power tail gate! Don't spend good money on a company that doesn't care about satisfying a customer once the sale is made!
I owned a 2004 MDX Touring and traded for the new edition. I am very satisfied with my decision. The pep this has over my old MDX is undeniable. The comfort is much improved too. This 2008 is equipped exactly as my 2004 was but thanks to the poor economy, I paid nearly $3K less than the 04 as a model closeout! The MDX is fun to drive and nearly feels like a car. (Nearly...) I am very pleased with the decision to purchase this vehicle and look to have it for many years!
After having owned the BMW X3, the MDX is a pleasure to drive. Reliability is great for 25,000 miles. Only things wrong are Bluetooth; rings and cannot hear whose on the other end and many viable addresses do not show up on Navigation system. Dealer service excellent. A few miss-steps in design; no lights for A/C controls at night; rear view pic doesn't come on in reverse for 10 seconds, some wind noise, transmission can be rough and erratic. No ipod plug which I didn't realize until after I purchased. Front end design could be improved, very masculine. Sounds like a lot but I do really like this car. Also test drove BMW X5 and Lexus 400.
I test drove some of the other luxury SUVs out there, but none compare with the ride and the handling I get from my MDX. For the price you really get almost more than you can ever ask for. Fully loaded with options, some I didn't even know I wanted, its a great ride around town, out on a twisty back road, or cruising down the interstate. The sound system is exceptional. And the DVD keeps my son very happy with movies and games. And on cold winter days, my back seat passengers loved the heated seats. Navigation and bluetooth are great, especially with the voice activation. The SH-AWD makes me feel secure in any kind of driving environment. Just want to drive fast and push it to the limit!
Have driven 4,500 miles. Overall, great vehicle. In the snow is great. Solid like a tank. 
I'm a car enthusiast and then for buying this car I searched and test drove many cars during a 3 months period. Between all SUVs that I tested - such as BMW X5, BMW X3, Mercedes ML 350 & 500, Lexus RX, Mazda SUVs and many others - I am 100% certain that you can not find such a combination of handling, comfort, space, reliability and design with a very competitive price in another car. Also I love the technology package and I think that it has one of the best navigation systems. I have driven the car for near 15 months and 18000 miles and I've never had any problem with it. I think the seats are very comfortable with a good design. Handling is awesome and driver's position and view is perfect.
Purchased this vehicle to replace Suburban and its string of problems and have been nothing but pleased with the MDX. Even like the nav system which I only got so I could get the DVD and rear lift gate. Highly recommend this vehicle, gas mileage has been better than stated.
This is a great car. I've had it for about three weeks and it is just so fun to drive. I added the 19" chrome wheels and it just looks great. The 300 hp engine is powerful and the nav system is the best on the market. Don't know how I ever lived without it. Best cross over suv on the market.
I just purchased a new 2008 Acura MDX. We have 2 kids and were looking for an SUV with a 3rd row of seats. Test drove the X5, Buick Enclave and Mazda, Lexus, Volvo and Chevy. This car was by far more superior for the room, price and comfort.
For the money, this is the finest vehicle on the road. The nav system is unequaled and incredibly impressive. I test drove the X5, FX45, MKX, Q7, and Enclave. It was a tough decision between the X5 and MDX but I will never look back. I've driven 2000 miles and it is an absolute pleasure in every way. The 300hp engine actually puts a smile on my face when I punch it. If you are looking for a crossover, this is a no-brainer.
We have had the 2008 Acura MDX for a month now and couldn't be more delighted. It is replacing a Chrysler T&C. My ratings are based on what my expectations are in this class of vehicle. The size is perfect for us, it seats 5 easily and the +2 rear seating is quite acceptable though the access is difficult. The ride is comfortable, firm and responsive. Sport upgrade is worth it. The navigation system is outstanding and can be operated while moving. You must read the manuals to understand all the features. The gas mileage we have gotten is significantly better than EPA ratings. We got 25 mpg on a 200 mile x-mountain trip and see about 19 mpg in mixed town driving. 
After thorough research that included major brands (BMW, MB, Volvo & Audi) the MDX came on top. The standard model comes with leather, moonroof and 3rd row seat. Got the Sport package with technology and it's a bargain compared with the other, more fancy, brands. At least $10K less for a very similar, and in many cases, superior product. If you don't need the status of a BMW or Mercedes, this is the way to go. I traded my Audi A4, and I'm very happy I did so. Overall, very solid and handles great. Smooth.
Performance and fun to drive. Love to hear it rev. My gas mileage is poor at 16.2 MPG. That is a mix of 60% highway and 40% city. Reliability and quality is less then expected. Slow leak in tire that dealer wanted to charge me $380.00 dollars to replace because they cant find the link but acknowledge the leak is there. Needed to jump start 3 times. Twice because little dome light was left on by kids. Once because of a draw off battery that has been difficult to trace. Mirrors don't adjust with change of driver in preprogram settings. Dealer says this is normal but if you can change my XM stations with different drivers, you can certainly adjust mirrors.
I just purchased my new 2008 Acura MDX Sport and I love it. My trade was a 2004 Acura TL. The MDX is very quick, has great handling, smooth ride, and the fit and finish is excellent. The interior design is very intuitive and the navigation system is easy to use. There is plenty of passenger and storage room. I love the exterior design. Must have accessories are the sport running boards, side body molding, roof rails/cross bars, and the front and rear silver garnish. This is definitely a high performance SUV with lots of luxury!
I have always driven BMWs and the last car was the GX 470 Lexus. The new 2008 Acura is an excellent value for the money. It is about 12K less than the X5 for the same amenities. Very happy with the purchase. I have not had it serviced yet so cannot give an opinion on that yet.
This car is so smooth. I also have a pilot and this car rides and handles much better. Has a real luxury feel to it.
Hello, Have had this car for three weeks, bought the tech/entertainment package (blk/blk). Car is beautiful inside and out. Navigation is easy to use, if you've had navigation before. HandsFree Link with our blue tooth phones is awesome. Car accelerates and handles excellently. We own an integra before this so we knew it was going to be a quality vehicle and are not disappointed. 10 speaker stereo is amazing. Kids can listen/watch DVDs in back while we listen to radio in front. Can't complaining about gas mileage, car is full sized SUV not a Honda civic!! Our MDX gets same gas mileage as our Pathfinder, if you want excellent gas mileage buy something smaller. Awesome car!!
I just bought this about a month now. Driving is so fun, comfortable, easy to use the navigation. At night the interior looks just like a cockpit (I heard this word from my friends who saw my SUV). Most of the essential features are standard, so there are no additional expenses for a luxury SUV. The handling of this SUV is very nice, any sharp turn, neither passinger nor driver feels much body sway as like other car or SUVs. I rate this SUV 8-9/10 for most of the features.
We bought ours a week ago. So far so good. Excellent handling especially compared to 4Runner. It would be perfect with less tire noise. 
This vechicle is adequate and has a smooth ride. However, the interior has too much plastic and is uncomfortable for a "luxury" SUV. I feel I was pressured into buying the MDX and would caution others to look at BMW, Mercedes, and Lexus before buying. Even the Murano is competition and is 12k cheaper! I feel like ripping out the corning looking dash. The voice recognition is distracting and Acura should scrap it. The steering wheel grip reminds me of my father's 1966 Chevy. It is way too thin. Also, the seats are way too firm. I have to send them out for foam to be added. The DVD player cost is a ripoff but it's the only way to get the automatic tailgate.
Just purchased the 2008 MDX with Tech Package. It's a great solid SUV with AWD std. This SUV is very good compared to other luxury SUV (the lexus RX350 is too small inside, the BMW 5 series is too expensive, the Cadillac SRX is too much of a station wagon, and the Escalade is too big). We love the backup camera and the navigation, worth every penny. I would say Acura has done a wonderful job outside and inside, although there are some cost cutting methods implemented like the door handles. I really wish the tech package had the automatic trunk (hatch) release where is opens up completely. You have to buy the Ent. Pack to get that. Overall it's a great SUV at this price point.
Bought last week and am enjoying the ride. Excellent acceleration, transmission shifts very smoothly, handles great around corners. Interior fit and finish is good. Still figuring out nav system but its mostly intuitive and a great asset. 
Problems galore - AWD problems 2 times - Wouldn't start due to AWD problems - replaced DVD player 3 times - side dash panels replaced 2 times - seats losing color after 20k miles - replaced batter after 12k miles - front rotors warped after 10k miles. I was a lover of Acura, they have really changed in quality for the price.
I bought this car about a year ago and have about 13500 miles on the car. This is a really great SUV. Remembering that this is an SUV the mileage is not too bad. I get about 17-18 mpg mixed (more freeway) and about 21-22 mpg freeway at an average speed of 75-80 mph. The back seats are comfortable. They can recline a little but not all the way flat. The third row seats are only meant for kids. Have had 2 problems so far. The air vent on the top of the dashboard pop out and was fixed by the dealer on the third try. I told them glue it down. The CD player jammed and was replaced by the dealer at no cost. All in all, I am very satisfied with this car and have already recommended it to friends.
Had the car 1+ years now and can now give objective feedback without the bias of "new car purchase" emotions. My wife's been the primary driver to haul around our daughter (now 16 mo. old) and she loves it. Bold exterior style & big interior compared to other vehicles (RX330, FX35) was a big reason for buying. We went with the Entertainment system as it was the only way to get the power tailgate at the time, but it's been great for entertaining the baby on trips. The car has been perfect EXCEPT for a constant, infuriating rattle around passenger door area (even at low speed) that shouldn't exist on a $40k car (dealer couldn't fix). Overall, love it, but it's really a 2nd tier luxury SUV.
Before to buy this car, I have looked at Lexus 350, ML350 and CX9 finally choose this one because of its price, equipment and 7 passengers capacity. I have owned this car for three months. It works great with no problems at all. Just enjoy the fun when drive it. This is my first Acura, some of my opinions are: Gas mileage is quite low (13 mpg) in local roads. When slowing down speed, transmission gear shift is noticeable. Comparing to X5 3.0 (my other car) acceleration and handling is inferior even MDX has more powerful engine. Cabin noise level can be lower.
I purchase my MDX with the tech pkg a week before a taking a long thanksgiving trip out of town. I must say that this vehicle is truly amazing. I traded in my BMW for this vehicle and this vehicle is every bit as good. I drove the BMW X5 and Infiniti FX series and the MDX proved to be the better value and overall better vehicle. I would recommend this vehicle to anyone.
I bought this 2008 Acura MDX sports new here in state of WA 3 weeks back... drives like dream. I chose it over Lincoln MKX, Mazda CX-9, BMW X5 and Lexus RX 400. MDX is very sporty both in looks & driving with option of comfort mode just by pressing a switch (but you'll be tempted to keep it in sports mode). I drive Audi S4 too & still respect Acura's sporty drive for an SUV. The Acura navigation is very easy to use, bluetooth & handsfree link are nice additions too. Suggested improvements below.
Traded in a 2006 Toyota Sienna LE for the '08 MDX Sport with black on black. Unlike many other autos, this SUV is truly unisex. I got this for this for my wife but would love driving to work ;-) It really reminds me of the BMW 540i Sport I used to drive some time back. Do not expect a Lexus RX style smooth ride with the Sport package. It's a road hugging SUV, with tighter steering and superb pick-up. The 300 HP engine is pretty responsive 
This is a good car. Good power, great ride, it has a sporty suspension that can take jumping a curb or ramming through uneven pavement going 60 mph. So that's a plus. The interior is nice, good heated seats useful, excellent rear view camera. One problem: the gear shift, wiper controls and light controls are less than easy to use. First the wiper and light controls should be lit at night: they are not. The biggest issue I have with them is that they lack the European feedback that BMW offers, i.e., I like to not have to look down to see what gear I'm in, what level wiper I am on, or what light is on. If it would work by just feel alone, Acura would do well.
Traded in 04 Pilot which was an extremely great vehicle - but this is sooooo much better. This handles like a sports car, when in sport mode. There is no wind or road noise. No rattles. OK fuel economy, considering it's an suv. SH-AWD is truly amazing combined with Dynamic Ride Control in sport mode. My other car is an 04TL 6MT/nav - no issues, love the car. Looked at Audi Q7 before MDX and I liked it, but MDX felt better during test drive, and handling is better on MDX. Acceleration seems smoother with MDX, and feels more powerful at any speed. Transmission (too bad only 5 speed) is very smooth; This is my 4th Acura so far - and so far very pleased with all of them. 
I still love driving this vehicle but the quality is a bit of a let down. There are a few rattles including a loud one from the passenger seat. The radio settings malfunction sporadically. The A/C makes whistling noises that sound like brakes squealing. The dealer finally acknowledged some of the problems but they never adequately addressed all the problems either. These are minor problems but a disappointment because I had a higher expectation of reliability. I still love all the positives about the MDX. I plan on keeping it for a while but I don't know if I will buy an Acura again?
Great ride for the buck, we love car like ride. Great performance inside and out, Acura did a great job building this luxury suv, anyone who likes to drive an suv this one is definitely the pick
Shortly after buying our MDX, we went a 2,000 mile trip, mostly freeway miles with lots of mountains, averaged 22.9 mpg. That was a relief as I was fearful it might be even worse. The more we drove it, the more we liked it. Great combination of fun, comfort, and utility. Better visibility than originally thought. Never met a hill we couldn't keep accelerating up. I am almost 6'2", my husband is 6'3", we both have plenty of room up front and in the rear outboard seats, but the center second row seat is not for full- sized adults. This is basically a 4 person vehicle. My previous car was a 2006 TL, which sat too low for me, the MDX has a good step out height and is easy to get into and out of.
My MDX is mostly a pleasant SUV to drive and own. However, I was surprised when I had problems with the brake rotors at a low mileage and Acura told me that I "brake too hard" and I would "burn" the rotors because of my driving style. Well, I am a rather slow driver and 70 % of my driving is highway driving. I have had 4 Toyota SUVs prior to this one and never had a brake issue. Could there be a quality issue with the rotors on the 2008 MDX? Compared with my previous Toyotas I feel the MDX seats too hard and uncomfortable on longer rides.
The 2008 MDX is a great luxury family SUV. The MDX rides like a car and makes my wife feel safe on the road. The last row seat is only useful for kids under 10. However, two features should have been standard with this car.
I leased my new Acura MDX almost a year ago and still love it every time I get in it. My previous car was a 2004 Acura TL and I thought I couldn't find a vehicle I loved more than that until I got the MDX. The handling, the transmission, the power, the comfort, the styling, just about everything! I wish the gas mileage was better but I am lead-footed and I am averaging 17 mpg. When I drive mostly highway, I get closer to 22. We recently bought a second car, an '02 Maxima, and I couldn't wait to get back into the Acura. I forever will be an Acura fan! Best cars on the road, in my opinion (well, at least in my price range-LOL!). Oh, and did I mention, I have the BASE model!
Purchased an 08 MDX a month ago. Researched with great detail to determine which mid-sized SUV I would be the best choice. I looked at BMW X5, Volvo XC90, Mercedes ML, Audi Q7, even Chevy Tahoe LTZ and concluded that the Acura was the best choice for the money. Hondas/Acuras are legendary for thier reliability and resale value. All things considered Acura is #1. Overall the MDX is a fabulous vehicle.
Purchased an 08 MDX a month ago. Researched with great detail to determine which mid-sized SUV I would be the best choice. I looked at BMW X5, Volvo XC90, Mercedes ML, Audi Q7, even Chevy Tahoe LTZ and concluded that the Acura was the best choice for the money. Hondas/Acuras are legendary for thier reliability and resale value. All things considered Acura is #1. Overall the MDX is a fabulous vehicle.
Compared to Highlander, X5, 09 Pilot, and GM SUVs. MDX was best compromise. Owned a 2002 model that was very reliable. 
Looked at everything out there and the MDX won hands down. Ride is excellent, handling is great, sound system is incredible. Voice activation for almost everything you want to either control or get information on. A little temperamental with recognition of commands but if you're clear then it's OK. Blue tooth is great. Added chrome side steps, body molding and luggage rack. Black on black combination turns alot of heads. Acura doing great financing and going way low on pricing. First time I ever owned an Acura, will definitely consider Acura for other vehicle purchases. Lots of power in engine although premium should probably be used most of time.
Second MDX we have owned. First generation was good but unexciting. New MDX quality matches all of the German competition with Honda reliability. Very solid feel and intuitive electronics. Nav and bluetooth are great. ELS sound system is excellent - especially when surround is turned on. 
This is a great SUV with superior handling, comfort, and overall appearance. Fuel economy is edging toward the v8 area, but considering the size of the mdx, it gets pretty good mileage. Ride is very smooth and the 300 hp gets it up and going quickly. Recommend the mdx to anyone looking into an SUV with the performance and luxury you get with Acura, and the reliability you can expect from Honda.
The car is very comfortable even for a 6'6" guy like myself. The "sit test" eliminated many other models. I've only had it for 2 weeks, but so far, no major complaints. I got 17.3 MPG on the first tank in mostly rush hour traffic which was surprising. 
I'm in the market for a new vehicle to replace my other car and since I have been relying so heavily on consumer reviews from this website, thought I would write one for the MDX. It's a great car - very reliable, no problems whatsoever. Quiet, luxurious interior, tremendous AWD handling, smooth transition, nice power, flexible interior. Fuel economy is not great - I get around 23 MPG on the highway at 73 MPH with cruise set, but around 17 in town. The car is just awesome and now that I am looking for new cars again to replace our other one, I am focused on the Acura brand for its quality. If you are in market for upscale SUV, this is the one to get.
Even after a few days there were problems with this SUV. Nothing really big but things detaching, safety belt not working (twice). This SUV is characterized by poor quality built and an overall blunt drive. The cargo space is quite big and the third row sat functional for kids. Burt for the price tag you should get better drive quality and certainly better build quality. The bluetooth function is very poor and does not synchronize with most phones. The dvd system does have some problems too. Poor fuel economy. Acura compares itself to BMW but they have a long, long way to go
Acura has done a great job. I was originally looking at VW Touareg which I still love but since Acura arrived to China I fell in love with this car. The interior quality is slightly inferior to Touareg but otherwise it is a great car. Industry-leading SH-AWD (Honda is one more time riding the waves of innovation) and superb GPS system are just awesome. Feels and drives like a luxury sedan. Offers plenty of space (I am 6'3" tall). Sound system, air-con are just great.
We absolutely have loved owning and driving the MDX. We traded in a Tahoe Z71 and thought we wouldn't have enough room (two toddlers, stroller, large dog), but we think we have much more usable room with the lower doors and fold-away third row seat. The rear-seat DVD controls are all in the center console - fabulous for parents of toddlers; they also have a remote control that older kids can use. The navigation system is easy to use and loaded with restaurant and hotel info. The acceleration is brisk and driving is very enjoyable. I hate saying it, but it does drive like a (powerful) car. 
I bought this car after researching many. It has the best of everything. Most room, most comfortable, great sound, and very spacious. The Lexus and Mercedes were too small, the BMW too rough of a ride, and the Porsche too expensive. Perfect for the price. The only thing I can complain about is a slight tire noise it has, but so did all the other SUVs
I love this car. It gives you a lot of confidence on the road. It has good pick up, it's quiet, pretty smooth, it feels safe, the music sounds good, love the navi, especially getting the traffic incidents in the morning; I haven?t had any problems to report. I researched this car pretty much in depth before buying it, so it?s pretty much what I expected it to be. I considered a RX-350 test drove it twice; test drove the MDX twice. I felt the MDX had much more going for it in terms of style, technology and the MDX was packaged much better.
I looked at many luxury SUVs and loved the MDX. It is extremely spacious, comfortable, fun to drive, navigation is great, sound system is great, and handles very well. The only thing it lacks is it could use a smoother ride. The ride is not as smooth as the Lexus or EMrcadise, but it is also much less. Great for 2 kids and 2 small dogs. I have yet to experience any problems with the truck and the fuel eco. is average for an SUV. 
Bought this vehicle after extensive research. After narrowing down to X5, MDX and Highlander Hybrid, MDX was the clear winner. Owned CL and TL-Type S and liked the included standard features as compared to other luxury vehicles. Main complaint is the required premium gas and gas mileage. I also have had the thump, thump after starting and accelerating to 20 MPH. Took to the dealer and they identified it as a "bushing issue" which there was a service bulletin for. They made the repair, but still have the thump. Will have that checked out again at next oil change. Overall, very comfortable and great handling.
I purchased this car in March. I previously owned a Honda with well over 100,000 miles and loved it. So you think you are getting high quality for the money? Wrong! I have had problems since the beginning. There was extreme wind noise which they attributed to a bent windshield. The car started making clicking and grinding noises. That was the defective bushings. I have driven it exactly 16 days and the bushings have evidently gone bad again (bulletin on these). The entire dash is squeaking and they said they will have to tear out the dash to figure it out. There is some metal fluttering and continued noise like the door is open also. Buy anything else on the market and you will be happier.
Great ride; words can?t express how much I love this car. The car is nothing but classy inside and out. It stands out on the road and it's always the best looking vehicle in the parking lot. Kudos to Acura for coming up with technology ideas that leads us in the 21st century. Nav is working great; traffic incidents works. Hands free link works. Climate control is really good; super handling, plenty of go power; stereo sounds great. The voice commands works well for me, even with the windows down. With all its features it's best to get to know the voice commands. Thank goodness they work. Considered Lexus RX350, BMW X5, Volvo C90. MDX design and Technology value outstanding. 
So far a great purchase. Gas mileage has been better than expected. Ride is smooth, shifts quietly, handles very well, lots of power, brakes are very responsive. Plenty of leg room. Base model is very well-equipped with everything we wanted.
Just too many issues to list here. The main ones are the suspension defects for both front and rear of vehicle. The front lower control arms busted twice on mine just from every day normal city/high-way driving - no offroad use at all! No aggressive driving either. The rear suspension sounds as something is going to break off - Also "repaired" twice... so they say. Problems still exist. This vehicle has a lot of problems and Acura refuses to work with the customer.
Bought the MDX for utility, but drive it for fun now. I have an older Audi A4 quattro sedan, and was looking for a larger vehicle with more reliability for my weekend golf and ski trips. Didn't think I would prefer driving this full time. It corners as well as the A4! I can also load lots of gear in the back, and rear seat passengers sit in comfort. I compared this to the BMW X3, X5, 328xi wagon, Infiniti EX35, FX35, and the smaller sibling RDX. The MDX has an unbeatable combination of performance, utility, luxury, and price! Yes, price! While gas prices are high, you can get this vehicle for under invoice prices! 
As a busy mom of 6 year old twins, I needed the size of an SUV, but didn't like the size of my Expedition. My kids love the ease of this vehicle and I love all the bells and whistles. The navigation is by far the easier I have ever used, the voice recognition is very useful, can command even climate control! All controls are easy to use and the dashboard is just beautiful. Very smooth ride and an absolute pleasure to own. Fuel economy is not as good as I had hoped, but to be expected in this size vehicle/motor. I would recommend the MDX to anyone w/ children, my kids can open/close the doors w/ ease and the back seat is very comfortable. The safety features are top-notch as well.
Bought the "best" end of MDX and end up with worst nightmare. The quality of the car is a shame. Been back to the dealer 9 or 10 times for repairs and repairs. Defective mirror, roof molding, gas door assembly, steering wheel, front suspension defects. Customer services are horrible both with the dealer and especially the Acura reps. Their attitudes are that you bought the car and you have the problem. Gas mileage is terrible, remember that with current gas price.
Was shopping for a replacement vehicle for my Honda Pilot late last year and was looking at the Mazda Cx-9, Toyota Highlander and the Acura MDX. Narrowed it down between the Cx-9 and the MDX and chose the MDX based upon the Acura reliability history. Now looking back I wish I would have selected the CX-9 as my MDX has numerous issues that should not accompany an Acura. My radio randomly resets all the preset settings. No one can understand anyone in the car using the Bluetooth. When the moonroof is open you cannot read anything displayed on the radio. Rattle coming from back cargo area, etc. At this pricepoint, you get much more with the Cx-9.
My wife and I wanted a vehicle that could fit a growing family, carry a lot of stuff, and have AWD. We looked at the MDX, Highlander, Acadia, 08/09 Pilots, and CX-9. Final decision came down to MDX, CX-9, and Highlander. I've always liked the MDX since 2001, and with the dealer incentive, it made it easier to justify the price jump. The MDX drives very smoothly with ample power. Handling and comfort is very nice for a vehicle this size. The interior is nicer than the competitors although the GT CX-9 is pretty good, too. The exterior looks rugged yet has enough curves to avoid being boxy. Have not owned it long, but I expect typical Honda/Acura reliability.
I've owned two Acura TLs previous to purchasing the 2008 MDX. The MDX feels like and handles like the TL. I'm very pleased so far. The MDX doesn't have the spunk that the TL did, but I appreciate the compromise because it gets fair gas mileage for a mid-sized SUV. My wife and kids love the MDX.
Had this SUV for 2 months now. I had more problems with customer service from the dealship than the vehicle. I did have the b-pillar plastic trims replace because they were bowing outward and the plastic trim on the side of the passenger side dash. The adjustable rate shocks are worthless. Comfort and Sport modes feel the same, very spongy.
This is my 2nd vehicle from Honda first being an Odyssey, which was great except for the run flat tire issues. I sold my '07 X5 3.0 & leased this car and saving a lot of money on the monthly payment. Compared to the X5, the MDX is roomier, more high tech, better acceleration & breaking and priced well below the X5. However, there is no comparison when it comes to build quality and attention to details as the X5 wins hands down.
I've had my MDX for three weeks and can't say that I love it. Chose it over RX350 because I wanted something different - around here if you drive an RX you see yourself coming and going. Had 3 MB MLs, very happy with them, especially the last one, but didn't like the new ones. The MDX feels very solid and safe, and my daughters think the interior is huge. It is no longer than our ML, but it is wider. Acceleration kind of sluggish, mileage so far not as good as my MLs. The interior looks cheaper than my 2005 ML, but in fairness, so did the standard interior of the new MLs. Too much gadgetry for my taste, but my husband drove it to work one day and loved it. Hope it grows on me.
Bought car 2/29/08. Nightmare begins. 3/17- A/C blows hot - dealer replaces incorrectly installed refrigerant line; steering wheel shimmys during braking - dealer turns rotors; radio won't hold presets - dealer reprograms key fobs 4/7- steering wheel still shimmys under braking - dealer replaces rotors and pads; radio still not working - dealer states "it works now" 4/15 - radio presets disappear again - dealer replaces radio tuner 5/22 - radio still won't hold presets; Acura regional rep states "there's no remedy"; problem is under investigation by Acura engineering; 6/4 - Acura customer svc rep states they know about the problem but there's no known date when problem will be resolved
If you are moving 4 adults, this is the best vehicle in the segment. Lots of others have uncomfortable second row seats. It is as fun to drive as something this size can be. Great power to weight ratio once you are rolling. Great highway cruiser, effortless and it does not wear you out in transit. We have not gotten to really use the 4WD yet. We have had it for 7 months. 
Bought this car after comparing with the Q7 and X3. Very happy with the engine and chassis, not so with transmission. Fav part is the electronic damping control - when it works. The system went down a few times with scary warning sign on gauge - and car rides like a boat when EDC is down. Dealership tried but was not able to fix it properly. Will try again.
I have owned 3 Hondas and 2 Acuras before. I had an 05 MDX and a 02 TL-S. I am very disappointed in the rigid ride of this vehicle. I have the base model. My 05 was softer and a more comfortable ride. I feel every bump in the road. I am suprised that Acura would not leave the base model as a more comfortable ride and give the stiffer ride to the sport package. There is a soft thump thump when I first start the car and reach 20 mph. I don't know if it is transmission, engine or suspension knock. There is a rattle on the pass door somewhere. The shifter is on the left of the center console and gets in the way of my right knee/leg. Info center is too small and in wrong place. No compass.
One of the best handling vehicles I've ever owned. Feels much more like a sedan than an SUV (once it gets rolling). Averaging about 20 MPG, feels like less since the tank is relatively small. Stereo is very good. Oil changes are expensive since it requires synthetic oil. 
I am 6'4" and find the seating comfort to be superb. The Sport suspension is fantastic. In comfort mode, it soaks up all the bumps. In Sport mode, I feel like I'm driving a sports sedan. This is a fantastic vehicle, but not without faults. 1. AM radio sounds terrible, very muffled. 2. Telescopic steering wheel should extend out a couple of more inches. 3. Bluetooth is okay, but does not automatically activate if I make the call from my blackberry. You have to make the call from the car itself, very annoying. Thats about it. Overall I am very pleased.
MDX rides nice but everything inside is basically "cheap". Voice recognition is not quite there. Also surprised that it's the only SUV that didn't come standard with roof rails.
I researched and test drove everything else in this style of vehicle (Acadia, Buick, Nissan, Mazda, Honda). For the money, this is the best by far. The ride is excellent, the nav is great and the graphics are much better than GM. I love the cockpit feel of the cabin and the comfort of the seating. The exterior got my attention and the interior keeps it. I have three children ages 10, 8 and 8 and we are in a carpool with two other kids for a total of 6 people in the vehicle. We can easily fit one more. We have 16.6 MPG with mixed driving (mostly driving in the local neighborhoods). Got over 23 MPG when on the highway for a short period of time. We look for reasons to drive places!
I just bought my 2008 MDX a couple of weeks ago and I have been thoroughly impressed with its superb handling, amazing interior with all its electronic gadgetry, and beautiful exterior, which has not always pleased everyone. The ride is smooth, aggressive, but not dull and lifeless. The standard electronics available, even for my basic MDX is a long list and should easily please everyone!
I've had this car for almost a year now so some of the emotional thrill of the purchase has worn off. I really like the car in general. It performs well, nice acceleration, handles well and it looks good. My biggest issue is gas performance. I'm getting 13 mpg in the city. It's not much better than an H1 or a Winnebago. I didn't buy the car for it's fuel economy but this is far below what I expected. I should get more than 250 miles out of tank of gas.
My previous 4 cars were 3 BMWs and a G35, and I finally found a crossover that didn't disappoint in the handling dept. This is actually fun to drive! My G35 and previous M3 were quicker, but didn't handle significantly better in most driving situations. Solid, comfortable, tons of space, and WAY less expensive that comp. X-5, Audi, etc. Mileage 19.4 in 1st 2000 miles.
We traded our 2005 BMW X5 for this 2008 Acura MDX. The BMW was good, but the Acura is surprisingly better in many ways. Actually handles better, has a quieter ride and more power than the BMW. The interior is well-designed and matches up with our previous best in class, an Audi we owned a few years ago. The cost of ownership will be only slightly higher ($39 for an oil change where the BMW was covered while under warranty), but the eventual cost should be lower. The styling is what really caught my eye. More muscular stance and presence, but more interior space.
We just purchased an 08 MDX with Tech and Entertainment with the power rear door. I drove X5 (3.0 and 4.8), Caddy SRX, and Mazda CX9 and hands down the Acura was the choice to make. It handles like (or better really) than the BMW with so many more options for the price. If you want a great, luxury SUV and want the best quality and value go with the MDX. The handling is so impressive, and the power from the 3.7 litre V6 will shock you. Navi is so easy to use and the whole sound system is unreal!
Test drove Lexus RX 350, Volvo XC90, Pilot, and 2009 Murano before selecting the MDX. It's the best in class. Great SUV. It runs much better after the initial 500 miles or so. GPM got better too. Some of the accessories should have been made standard (roof rail, side molding). The plastic door handle and the same color plastic on the steering wheel make the interior look cheap. Acura should have made them better and add a few hundred dollars to the based. This is sold by Honda/Acura as a luxury SUV. 
This is my 3rd MDX, I have had a 2001, a 2005 and now a 2008. This is the Best Bang for the Buck SUV on the road. Looks great inside and out. Good performance, good handling, decent feul economy (16 mpg on mixed driving) for a 300 horsepower engine and all these vehicles have proved very reliable. 
Love this vehicle. I was actually considering the Buick Enclave before I test drove the MDX. The MDX feels much more solid, has smooth acceleration, lots of power, corners great!! You feel much more stable in the MDX than the other vehicles in this class. The interior is classy ! You really feel safe in this cage!!
Dealer painted the silver shield on grille the car color giving a sharper look. Traded a 2003 MDX which was a great vehicle. The new car longer wheelbase and more weight gives a smooth ride. Chose the MDX over the Lexus RX. Bigger inside and out with later technology.
This is my first SUV and I couldn't be happier. Choice was between an 08 Highlander and 08 MDX and for a few thousand more you get a much more impressive interior, better handling & steering feedback, a more agile ride, and HID headlamps. Fuel economy has been much more impressive than expected - ~24 highway, ~19 city, 22 avg with 65/35 highway/city driving (1,300 mi on odo). Only major gripes are you can't read the stereo display screen with sun glare from sunroof (even on max brightness) & no compass is present.
Replaced a Honda CRV with this but not before test driving the Mercedes ML350 and ML320, BMW X3 and X5 and the Lexus RX. This vehicle was by far smoother, more comfortable, more powerful and somehow more economical! 
The only other car I was considering with it were the X5 and ML. The handling of SH-AWD simply blew us away. In my opinion it had significatnly less body roll then even the others. The ride is very confidence-inspiring in rain, sun and snow. The sound system is absolutely incredible. Furthermore, I for one also really like the knob instead of touchscreen navigation. I find that the engine power is good from a standstill, but could use more power for passing. Certain speeds dont allow you to shift down to reach high revs required for optimal torque. As such sometimes you dont get sufficient acceleration. i also really like the styling. 
I love this car. I owned an MDX before purchasing the 2008 with the new body style and roomier interior. I opted for the loaded version. I think the joystick navigation is wonderful and so much easier to use. I also love the new body style. The inside is roomier than the older version. With trying to stay in the midsize SUV and having a 3rd row seat, this can't be beat. The 3rd row folds down flat for lots of cargo space when not using the 3rd row. Also, with the position of the handles now being in the middle instead of the top of the seats, it is much easier to pull the seats up when using the 3rd row. One simple tug and "presto" - extra seating. Great buy! You'll love it!
Coming from an 05 Lexus RX, this is a significant improvement. The MDX feels solid on the road. Handles firm but comfortable on the highway. Havent had a chance to check it out in the snow but looking forward to it. Gas mileage could be better but its got 300 horses, cant have everything. Nav system is a big plus. Easy to use and comes with bluetooth and a very good sound system in the package. 
Previously owned (and loved) an '01 Jeep Grand Cherokee. Looked at another JGC and found out that mine was superior to the current JGCs. I shopped BMW, Infiniti, Lexjus, BMW X5. MDX is easiest and most comfortable car or SUV I have ever owned, very quiet and smooth. Navi took practice, but now is easy to operate. I won't own another car that doesn't have it. AWD is like you're on rails. Stereo is second to none & iPod adapter is simple. I don't use XM or real-time traffic, but I would b/c they were great during the free trial period.
The experience in driving the MDX is in a category altogether different to any other SUV I have driven. The handling is superb and when coupled with the comfort and styling of the interior makes it an exhilarating and luxurious experience which was unexpected. 
This vehicle replaced a 2005 Honda Pilot EXL. I had such good luck with my other Hondas I decided to stay with the brand. The price of the MDX compared to what it offers is a "no brainer." It drives like a combination of my old Pilot and an S2000 I use to have. I often forget it is an SUV. The build quality is spectacular; first new car I have had that has no rattles or defects. 
My truck is great & I play hard, it seems as though it's built to last! Just came back from a trip to D.C. made it to D.C. in 28 hours from San Antonio! Took the scenic route thru ATL on the way home & made a few other stops. The MDX provided entertainment for my son via dvd & the nav was on point for me! Would have been lost up a creek w/o that!
This car is like driving a sports car in an SUV. We were downsizing from a Chevy Avalanche, and this was a great find. The fuel economy is the only real drawback that we can say at this point in time about the vehicle. You really should test drive this vehicle if you are considering anything in this class. Much more responsive than the Lexus and a lot more room. Looks like Acura did a great job of redesigning the whole vehicle. This is a true pleasure to be behind the wheel. Acceleration is very smooth, shifting is as well. Braking and handling is next to none.
Bought this car two months ago, sport model with ent-package and other bells and whistles. Supposed to enjoy this luxury vehicle, but having nothing but troubles. Been back to the dealer repair shop multiple times to repair multiple defects. Distorted mirror, defect gas door, leather peeling off the steering wheel and roof molding loosening. Last weekend, the roof rack cap flew away while driving the car on highway. It is very poor detail work on this car. It will be seventh trip to fix gas door and roof rack next next week.
Replaced a 2006 Murano with this vehicle and could not be happier with my choice. Test drove the ML350, X5, Lexus GX470, and XC90. The MDX beats them all for THOUSANDS less. The SH-AWD is a technological wonder. Handling is agile and the ride soaks up the bumps well. With 300hp on tap, it move when you want it to. This is my first Honda product and I'm really impressed with the fit and finish and build quality Seats are very comfy. All said this SUV has as much Sport as it does Utility, wrapped in Honda reliability.
Acura hit the nail on the head with the 08 MDX. The ride is smooth, the engine is powerful, and the features are top notch. To get a comparable vehicle (BMW X5, Audi, Lexus), the price skyrockets. Acura bundles it all together without compromising on quality.
Fantastic drive, makes my 130 mile daily commute both fun and comfortable. 
Had an '06 MDX Touring that was totalled by a drunk driver. Looked around for something different but always came back to the MDX. Bought Sport model with navi and ent. Love it so far. Runs great (400 miles into it). Many compliments on style and looks. Very happy with purchase.
This is a great all around vehicle. It is roomy but nimble. The ride and handling combo are refined and strike a perfect balance. There are no tippy sensations driving this car. The seat comfort and driving position are perfect, just absolutely perfect. People of very different sizes can all find enough room and the right position. The memory settings are fantastic for multi driver households. The cargo room is good.
I traded in a Lexus for this car. It is way better than the Lexus. It handles better, is more comfortable, looks better, and gets much better fuel economy. And the overall quality is the best I've seen in some cars. Overall, I can say that this is a great car that everyone should buy.
fun to drive! great looks! high tech features! ample horsepower compared to its direct competitors with the same engine displacement! better fuel consumption for its horsepower!
I have had the car for a month now. I must admit this is more of a great crossover SUV than I expected. The base model has all the things you need for your life. I got 17.4 miles per gallon in city drive. Not bad at all.
Traded a Cayenne and could not be happier. The 300 HP provides great power, especially when downshifted. Base model has all any true driver would need. Really, how often does anyone need to use a GPS or call a restaurant while on the road or, for that matter, not know what is behind their vehicle. This is a vehicle which can complete with the top SUVs on the market and retain its value. Third seat is not for adults. SH-AWD is truly for those who want to "push" the vehicle while maintaining control in all conditions. I have found the seating position for the driver to be very comfortable. Sound system with the subwoffer can blow your teenager out of the vehicle.
This is my first SUV after driving sedan for 15 years. MDX drives like a sports car! Love SHAWD handling and ride quality is comfy and quiet. The 5-speed auto transmission works flawlessly. I should've bought the sport package for sportier ride and sexy sport rims but we figure save additional 2K for my kids? education funds. Navigation system is easy to use with voice recognition system. I think it's the best luxury SUV in this class for a 45K value! Complaints: Bluetooth phonebook import only works for very limited cell phone models. Gas mileage isn't great, only 17 city/21 highway, but it's a trade off for 300HP & SHAWD, I will never regret.
This RDX has been a nightmare. I have been in the shop 12 times since purchasing - 4 times for brakes alone. I've had them cleaned, replaced, rotors and then completely redone again. My memory module has gone, my seat has stopped working, blue tooth stopped working, bubbles on the hood from the paint, everything down to the footrest has fallen off. The rattle in the windows is terrible. Trying to get corporate to take back (WISH ME LUCK). The only good thing about this vehicle is the turbo.
Buy this car with your eyes wide open and your expectations in line - you'll be happy. Reading the previous reviews for the RDX, I wonder whether some simply chose the wrong car. Don't buy a race horse, and then complain that it eats too much or can't pull a loaded wagon. This turbocharged engine has its quirks, but drive it right and you'll be rewarded with decent mileage and good acceleration. About 21-22 if driven moderately. Is it noisy? A slight growl when floored. How about road noise? Depends on the road. Texas chip-and-seal roads get a little tiresome, but interstates are pretty quiet, and low-to-moderate speed roads are no problem. For me it's the right car - I'm happy.
Where do I start? Sure this vehicle is "fun to drive" and handles like a dream, and the interior is full of nifty features, like bluetooth, the Nav system and the phenomenal sound system. But that's about it!! Everything else about this vehicle is simply the worst. The turbo-4 is VERY NOISY when accelerating, and a good amount of ROAD NOISE enters the cabin. Very tiring on long highway drives!! FUEL ECONOMY is HORRENDOUS (about 15city/20hwy)- A huge disappointment for such a small 4-cylinder SUV!! (and for the most part I don't even drive very aggressively). I wish I could just return it and get something else!!
I actually like this car, it handles well and has a lot of nice features. I have 23 months to go on my lease and will not purchase again. Too many rattles for a car at this price range. The gas mileage is horrible especially in the city, 17 mpg. I have taken it in twice and they seemed to fix one rattle but the other is still VERY audible. Overall somewhat disappointed. 
It has almost been a year since I bought the RDX. I was impressed by the kick from the turbo and the Acura reputation in *quality* etc. It all started with the rattles, squeaks and then somehow the turbo lost its zing. Got the rattle on the tail gate fixed. The dealer said that he has seen this with other RDXs as well. The driver's door has an intermittent issue with some sort of flapping sound and an even more infrequent window glass rattle. The dashboard in front of the steering has an infrequent noise coming in. It gets more regular and easier to hear when the sun is out and at low speeds. The zing from the turbo and the acceleration is missing out recently - should have gone for infinity
This car just makes me smile every time I get in it. Roomy interior, comfortable seating, out-handles any small SUV I've ever driven. If there were one car to completely embody my persona, this would be it-- spunky, sporty, with the perfect mix of practicality and luxury. 
I test drove every car in its class before I decided to buy the RDX. I wanted something smaller than the gas guzzling Cayenne Turbo I was driving. I wanted good visibility, good handling and reasonable fuel mileage and a vehicle I can put my golf clubs without folding down the back seats, which the Porsche, Audi, MB Ml all fail. The RDX has good acceleration and if you use the paddle shifter it beats just about any Suv at the stop light grand prix. The handling leaves the X3 for dead. Only negatives is the brakes. Several high speed stops in succession will cause the pads to vibrate. Dealer has replaced rotors and pads for free and admits it a problem. Also, nav screen is not bright
A great little SUV! It outperforms my G35X in the harshest winter conditions and is more fun to drive. My only "complaint" is that I wish it had a little more cargo space; but then I guess it would have been the MDX. The interior is beautiful, the features and tech outstanding. And I LOVE the XM Satellite radio! A great car! My wife loves it and I love driving it when she's not.
I had the car for 8 months and drove wonderfully. Then, it snowed and my car had no brakes. I would miss stop signs, traffic lights, etc. 3 wheels ago, I got in a car accidents because the brakes fail to operate. I had taken it to the dealership and complained but they indicated that some ppl have had issues but there isn't much they can do about it. I filed a complaint at the corporate office but they brushed the matter off as if it was nothing. Beware when purchasing the vehicle. Not every car gets tested for snow, rain and gravel. this is a matter of life and death, for you and others on the road with you. I am in the process of a law suit with Acura. Good Luck to all!
I've had the RDX for about three months and have been very pleased. I drove a Honda Pilot for 5 years and it did a great job of hauling kids, but driving it was kind of like driving a boat. Not so with the RDX. This little SUV handles better than my wife's TL but offers a lot more flexibility. I'm getting about 20 mpg in mixed driving, which is about what I expected. I could probably get better mileage if I kept the little red turbo needle pointing down more often, but where's the fun in that! So far, a really nice car.
What a hoot this thing is to drive! Somehow the wizards at Acura have managed to put the soul of a sports car into an SUV. Decent fuel economy (great for an SUV), comfortable interior, great looks, amazing acceleration, plenty of goodies in the base model. Buy one NOW!
Having spent a year and 13,000 miles with my RDX, I'm very pleased with the experience. After driving European sport sedans for the past 20 years, I wanted the utility, AWD, and taller view of a compact SUV. However, I didn't want to give up the "fun to drive" nature of my previous vehicles. The RDX delivers. It's very quick. And the ride is somewhat firm -- what I expected and wanted in a vehicle that enjoys attacking mountain curves. Yet, to me the ride is by no means harsh. The interior is well designed and fairly luxurious. Acura reliability is a huge bonus -- I got to know the service techs far too well with my previous cars. 
The RDX is a great small SUV. It is fun to drive, handles well, and looks great. It is a little pricey for a car that competes with the Honda CR-V and the Toyota RAV 4 but it is better than them in performance and build quality.
Just bought an RDX Tech package. This is primarily a commuter vehicle and a second car, so I was debating about getting a sedan for the gas mileage. I really like SUVs though, and this one is spot on the money -- fun to drive, higher ride height, good performance, decent space. I had a BMW x3 and 3 series sedan, and I like this better than either of those cars. Each time I drive it, I get a smile on my face (hearing the turbo whoosh is a blast). I just wish it got a bit better mileage. Previous cars also include an MDX (previous body style). This is way better than that car in tightness, comfort, luxury, and technology.
I have about 2,500 miles on it now and I get about 19 mpg all city driving, 26 all highway, much better than the other reviews. It helps fuel economy if you keep that turbo gauge needle pointing down at the bottom, but the power is there when you need it. It is really fun to drive and just the right size; awesome stereo & interior electronics; sporty to drive & sporty/plush ride.
Wow! For the money the RDX really delivers. I think of it as a cross between the TL Type S and the MDX. Power is ample and the turbo makes it fun. Grip, hold, and road feel are spot on. The RDX makes you feel like you are attached to the pavement with no chance to ever come loose. Acura, as they tend to do, has really invested a LOT in the technology and engineering that you will never see. From the SH-AWD to the first of its kind dual stage turbo. So far, we are really impressed with the RDX.
We've had this car for 2 weeks, and both my wife and I love it so far. Turbo works great, giving you the extra boost when needed and staying "asleep" while you are just cruising along the highway. The RDX handles much better than the 2002 Honda Accord V6 we used to drive. The car is truly loaded with features. To pick a few: the navigation system knows your speed and gives you correct instructions even while the satellites are obstructed; the HUGE center storage keeps the glove box free of regular clutter (radar detector, Garmin nav) and has enough space for my wife's purse; voice recognition correctly understands our accented English; homelink replaces the ugly garage door remote.
Worked as a vehicle test engineer for an European car company when I fell in love with the SH-AWD system on the RL. Got the RDX based in July of 2007. Handling is light and responsive for a car with this huge mass. Turning corners is a dream with the SH-AWD: it ate corners while driving down I-80 near Lake Tahoe, CA. Turbo lag is small compared to other turbo cars but you can hear them. Durability has been excellent. People all comment how pricey this car looks and become surprised at the price. Very comfortable seats. Love the relatively large width of the vehicle. Rear seat space is very large for people of two, even three. Lament that I did not get the nav system.
I love everything about the car. In the beginning I was disappointed in the gas mileage (~16MPG) but now that I've learned how to drive less aggressively, I'm getting 24 to 27 MPG in a mix of city/highway. The trick is to stay out of boost and under 70MPH on the highway, sure it takes patience but I've gone from 260 miles per tank to just under 400... that's a savings of about $150 per month based on the 1800 miles per month I drive.
Checked out the Nissan Murano and BMW X3...Saved about $5k in regards to the Murano and $10k in regards to the X3 by opting for the RDX. This car is worth every cent...luxury, yet it feels like driving a sports car. Navigation/AcuraLink is fabulous and the best one out there. Definitely check it out before saying "I'll just buy a Garmin". Its worth the upgrade in price. Only negative is the gas mileage, I have 500 miles on the car and average about 14.4 mpg. The good thing is that my commute is only 2 miles each way to work so its not too bad. If you're in the market for something in this market, definitely be sure to check the RDX out..its so much fun to own. 
Car is wonderful to drive. Quick and nimble, quiet yet solid. I purchased the RDX with Tech package and am glad I did so. Nav system is great and the ELS Stereo system is impressive. The drive is a sporty, stiffer drive which I prefer. I now have 3,300 miles and in mixed driving I am averaging 23 mpg.
The style, speed, handling, AWD aspects are great. The fuel economy could be better but is improving as the miles drive increases. Dealer did have to replace the left front brake caliper due to a rattle noise but dealer assured me it was a new, factory replacement part not rebuilt. Would be nice if it had auto on/off headlights and if the air conditioning "auto" function would always work with the recirculating button engaged -- living in the city you have to pretty much keep the recir button on all the time. 
Before purchasing the RDX, I drove a 2005 BMW X3 for three years. I loved my X3, but the newer models are quite expensive. I'm just delighted with the RDX. It has a similar drive to the X3 and the savings over the X3 is huge. Was treated very well by the dealer and I've had for a week and absolutely adore this vehicle. It is designed very well and the interior of the car is actually nicer than the X3, in my opinion. The seating is every bit as good as the X3. I'm looking forward to my first long road trip in my new RDX. It corners like a BMW and has a sports car type feeling when you drive it. It is a nice package!
I leased this vehicle back in November 07 after trading in my TL, and have been very pleased overall. There is a slight clinking sound from somewhere under the dash that randomly comes and goes and the dealer cannot identify it. Aside from this which does not affect performance, the ride is both quick and sporty. Pick up is incredible with the turbo engine. I find that the cargo space is adequate for our needs and we can fit our child's stroller in the back easily. I can also get golf clubs in back without having to angle them. It is a fast sporty sedan in a mini SUV body. We proceeded to get rid of our Jeep Hemi Engine and lease an MDX as well putting us into our third Acura.
Purchased base RDX 3 months ago. Its value for money and it delivers as promised. Like its initial pickup. You will be ahead of traffic!! Like its estimated MPG feature and shows how fuel efficient you can drive. I am getting around 16 miles in city. 
I recently purchased the RDX with tech package. It is such a fun car to drive. It really has a quick pickup. I'm sometimes surprised how quickly I can take off if I'm not careful. I'm still learning how to work the voice controls and navigation screen. I really did my homework and went back and forth about whether I should lease or own. I've been leasing another make/model SUV for the past 7 years and finally decided the RDX would be worth owning. I comparison shopped the BMW X3 and Mercedes 350. The extras in the Acura for a lot less money were definitely a great incentive. Yet, I feel like the car is just as good if not better. My friends and family love it. I'm having a blast!
I traded my 2004 Expedition for a more efficient vehicle. After 1400 miles of combined driving the computer indicates we averaged 14.7 MPG on expensive premium gas (required). That is almost exactly the same mileage my big Expedition was obtaining on regular gas. Needless to say, I am terribly disappointed. On a positive note, the car is very comfortable (except, a lot of fun to drive, the technology package is amazing, the sound system is even more amazing. The handling system in the car is a technological masterpiece. But at 28.5 cents per mile for fuel (and rising), it sits peacefully in the garage while we drive our Civic and EOS around town. 
Just bought my RDX and love to drive it. Make sure you know what you are getting with the RDX - it is a sports car with stiff suspension and a firm ride so if you want a soft, "never feel a bump" ride then look elsewhere. Went without the tech package - the $4k was too steep for me. If you want the suv where sport meets luxury (and don't need that much cargo room), check it out. 
I absolutely love this car. It is sporty, fast, handles well, comfortable, super fun to drive. Unfortunately, I live in a busy city and this is not the car for city driving. Gas mileage is awful. I average 16 miles/gallon city driving. Haven't taken it on the open road yet. This car is perfect for less populated areas.
Traded in my 2003 Highlander for an RDX on 4/18/08 and wish I had done it sooner. I put over 800 miles on during the first week and I couldn't be happier. The turbo is awesome and the technology package is great. Mileage is slightly better than the 17/22 on the sticker. I was looking to downsize a bit and just couldn't bring myself to purchase a sedan. What a great choice. This baby drives like a sports car and still gives me some options on the utility side of things.
I purchased the RDX 2 weeks ago with 7 miles on it. It now has nearly 1000 miles with combined city and highway miles. The day after I picked it up I drove 550 miles and averaged 23 MPG. 90% of the time it was downpouring rain in the mountains of WV and VA. I've been averaging 18 MPG around town however I do not sit in traffic very much. I had a Civic and it was a great mode of transportation. However, the RDX is a driving experience with immense pleasure from the XM radio and sound system to the handling and comfort. Also got the protection package, wheel locks and tow package.
I traded in a 2005 Subaru WRX STi which I bought new after months of research. It was terrible. I've had the RDX a month and it's an extraordinary vehicle. For someone w/ low back problems the driver's seat/position is perfect, unlike the poor seat in the Toyota RAV 4. I'll check back in a few months.
It has great acceleration and hugs the road very well. The suspension is stiff and reminds me of my old RSX-S (could be good or bad depending on the driver). I've driven from TX to CA in this and was not fatigued. All in all, it is a pleasure to drive. I do extensive research whenever I buy pretty much anything and I found this to be a better buy than the competitors.
I drove a Camry V6 for 3 years and was just enough happy with it but wanted a sporty drive, tried X3, BMW 3 series, Lexus IS 350, CX-7 and a few more before finalizing on this one and I am glad I went to see it. It is a awesome combo or class, features, acceleration and I love the ELS system with 10 speakers making it better sounding than any other vehicle I tried.
The RDX was the last car we looked at before we were going to commit to an BMW X3. Are we glad we looked! Absolutely great price and deal, and so much car. Saved at least $7,000 of the X3 and we still got everything we wanted. 
Have owned the car for almost 3 weeks. Wife & I been looking at BMW X3 & Highlander (go figure). Looked at the RDX as a lark! Both of us immediately fell in love with it. It offered so much for the price. 
I've had my RDX one month now, and I absolutely love it! It really moves and sounds wonderful doing it. The interior is very inviting in taupe with better than expected room for four adults. The heated leather seats offer comfort and support in the turns, which is a good thing, because this machine loves the curves. Best car I've owned!
Definitely not worth 33,000 dollars. No leg room for back seats. No auto turn on/off of headlights. Rough riding. Opening the driver door after a drive will not open the back door. You have to use either the remote or the door button to open the back doors. Bad fuel economy. Wish there was atleast a beep sound when you back up to walls or curb (expect that for cars over 30000). Tom
I have been looking at the 2009 Nissan Murano, Mazda CX-7 & 9, Subaru Tribeca and 2008 Nissan Rogue. The RDX is just right for me. All those wonderful luxury features plus not so huge. It drives really stiff, more like a sports car and the seats are wonderful. I made the right decision for me.
Went from a 2001 Lexus IS 300 to a 2008 RDX. Couldn't be happier, all of the things I loved about my IS with the room and comfort of an SUV. It is actually faster than my old car and gets better gas mileage too. I'm averaging just over 22 mpg. I love the AWD, turbo is amazing, and it's just really fun to drive. If you are looking for a vehicle that is fast and fun to drive, gest good gas mileage, and have enough room to carry all of your gear then this is the perfect vehicle for you. It was the best decision I have ever made.
What a great car. Can't beat the bang for the buck. The tech package is amazing, the acceleration is great and the car is useful and fun to drive. The only two negatives are the gas mileage (I only get about 20 mpg) and the fact that the front passenger seat isn't power. Otherwise, I can't complain about one thing!
Love my RDX. It has exceeded my expectations. Last two cars have been BMWs 3 & 5 Series and will never go back. Acura gives a great car for the money and very solid. Much more reliable than the BMW and performs better. Gas mileage isn't that bad (about 19) considering it's a 4000 lb car and it flies!
This SUV has it all. All-wheel drive and a turbo and all the technology features you need (including a free 3-months subscription to XM-Radio and a back-up camera) in a true luxury package. This car re-defines obsessive-compulsive traits up towards the maximum in terms of vehicle mechanical design and attention to interior fit and finish. On the road the vehicle is quiet, powerful and handles like a sports car on tight turns. The turbo has no noticeable lag and makes highway merging a breeze. Once at cruising speed, the electronics enable you to easily check on all important vehicle functions without taking you hands off the steering wheel or your eyes off the road. 
I finally own my dream vehicle. This RDX is beautiful. I picked the carbon bronze because not too many vehicles on the road are that color. The AWD is superb for handling in any situation. The turbocharged engine is very good for performance in passing and acceleration, better than some V6s. The interior is very comfortable with the adjustable driver seat and roomy enough second row. The satellite radio, 360-watt stereo system, dual climate, digital read-outs, and memory seats are all awesome for standard equipment. The fuel economy is respectable and premium gas is not a problem. This crossover is a 10 all the way around. Thanks Acura for another innovative, top-of-the-line vehicle.
Just picked up the RDX 2 weeks ago and love it so far. My fiance wanted an SUV, I wanted a sports car and we settled on the RDX. It has the body and space of an SUV, the interior of a luxury sedan, and drives like a sports car. I spent months looking at similar rides such as the BMW X3, Infiniti EX, Honda CRV, Rav 4 and this car had the most to offer in terms of features and was priced right in the middle of the pack. I couldn't be happier.
Love my new RDX. It's fun to drive and has all the bells and whistles that I was looking for. Tech Package is a must especially if you like gadgets. Handsfree bluetooth works great. Very easy to to use and program. Nav system is also very easy to use, easy to use voice commands. Much better than my Camry bluetooth and nav
When my cute mini cooper became a sled in the Boston winter, I reluctantly hunted for a small SUV. After much deliberation, decided on the Acura over the BMW X3 on cost and reliability. So glad I did - the sound system is superb, the build is quality, bikes fit in the back, the turbo makes pleasing whooshes and the acceleration is plenty for me. Its just as grin inducing as a mini - and no icy skidding. Negatives include instructions more mind boggling than physical chemistry textbooks and a voice recognition system that doesnt quite understand my UK English. However, I'm persevering to learn Honda-ese and confident we'll become friends. An excellent fun car in every way.
This is a great SUV! I received this SUV after totaling my 2002 dodge neon. I was telling my husband how much I loved the MDX but not just any MDX. It had to be the older model because I was no fan of the rounded backs. After a wise car salesman convinced me that I could get a 2008 RDX for the price of a used MDX with nearly 30-50 thousand miles it was no surprised I rushed to take the RDX for a test drive. After the test drive I was sold. We visited that dealership more than my in laws? literally. After a few weeks of debating, on 12/15/07 my husband purchased me the 2008 tech RDX. I have put well over a thousand miles on it and I have had it less than a month. It is a joy to drive!
I've never owned an Acura before but I'm now a huge fan! The RDX is fun to drive, has great visibility, and the base model comes with absolutely everything you'd want (CD, bluetooth, MP3 hookup, XM radio free for 3 months, moonroof, seat warmers, etc). Also, the driver interface (at least on the base model) is intuitive and uncluttered. It feels like they really have the driver in mind. I highly recommend this car! I'm so happy I bought it!
I only have a few hundred miles on it. It is well made with nice internals and a few bugs. Complicated not-so-friendly navigation system. One must learn the exact commands (over 100 of them) to handle it safely and efficiently while driving. There is information missing on streets that have been in existence for many (7) years. If that is to be programmed one needs to look up MAP-IT beforehand and find the major intersection.. The engine require synthetic MOBIL-1 oil, and a higher octane gasoline. Trunk is large enough but be prepared to purchase the cargo net. 
Never did a review before, but had to comment on my new ride. Overall this car is terrific. I find a new feature I love every day. I am on my 5th tank of gas and am getting 21.8 mpg. Traded an '03 Aviator that never got better than 16, so I'm thrilled. Looks good, feels good, drives good. Never owned a 4 cyl. before. Can't believe the pick up. Plenty of power when you need it. Love it! Love it!
Can't beat Acura for reliability, safety and stability on the road. The technology package is easy to use, the sound system is impressive and it drives like a dream. I couldn't be happier.
I needed a vehicle to replace my 2002 civic Si. The first time I drove the RDX I knew I wanted one. This thing is as much fun to drive as my Si. If you're looking for a small, quick, great handling SUV with some luxury, this is the vehicle for you. 
Faster and less expensive than the BMW X3, the Acura RDX is about as good as it gets in this segment. It drives like a sports sedan and has plenty of storage. If you're looking at the Murano, you should check out the RDX as well. It's faster and a lot nicer, for only a few thousand dollars more. The SH All Wheel Drive makes accelerating out of a corner nice as well. Overall, I'd give it a 9.5 / 10. 
Gave this car to my Mom for her birthday. Replaced a benz E-320 with just 8k miles, but she likes the Acura even more.
Bought this last month replacing the RX 300 we had and the features are so much better. Very comparable luggage space to the RX 300. Just had a kid and the big Chicco stroller fits in easily along with bags from weekend grocery. Have never towed, so no complains about the 1500 lbs capacity there. Still need to try the paddle shifters.
I purchased this car about a month ago. What a great ride. It's Honda reliable, love the navigation system, very comfortable. This is also a VERY stylish car. No complaints, just suggestions. Good price range for a luxury crossover. From this car, I will likely drive Acuras for a long time.
I leased this car last month, and am generally pleased so far. It drives well with nice power and handling, although the ride is a little bumpy, if you are used to a luxury or performance sedan.
Handling and acceleration are far better than the other SUVs we test drove - Lexus RX 350, Honda Pilot, Toyota Highlander. Feature for feature, none of the other SUVs we considered could beat the RDX's value. Good thing too, because none of them were nearly as fun. This is an SUV that will provide us plenty of utility, allow us to grow in it, yet small enough for the city, and will continue to be fun so that we won't mind keeping it for a while.
I love my RDX. I've had this vehicle for almost a month now and I'm very impressed with everything about this SUV. I spent a lot of time researching and comparing different vehicles but once I started test driving them, the Acura RDX with the Tech package really beats all the competition. It's the best luxury for my money. Stereo sound is amazing. Interior and exterior finishing fantastic. Its fun to drive because of the smooth and powerful handling. I'm really happy with my purchase.
Since my wife had a baby, I have traded my 06 Acura TL (base) for the 08 RDX base model. Even though I miss my TL, I thought this was a good trade. Pros: This is a fun and powerful vehicle. The turbo gives it an extra kick in acceleration. AWD gives the vehicle more stability. Interior and the exterior design is pretty decent. Stereo sounds is great. Price value is pretty good for a luxury/sport vehicle. 
After purchasing this car almost two months ago, I decided I had to write a review considering I have found the reviews out on Edmunds to be very helpful. I purchased the RDX after my 2002 VW Jetta broke down which happened frequently. The Acura is a wonderful car in general, and the RDX is great! I couldn't be happier with my decision. It is easy to drive, easy to park, has great acceleration when needed. It is super comfortable and just big enough that I feel like trucks can see me better on the highway. I would recommend this car to anyone who is looking for solid reliability and easy maintenance.
Have had this car for about two weeks and love it. Test drove all the CUVs from upscale/luxury to affordable/no frills; from ML350 and X3 to the Ford Edge and Mazda CX7, even drove a Hyundai Santa Fe. None compared to the RDX for the money and the features. It's so much fun to drive and is extremely comfortable. Came from Infiniti M45 so I know comfort and this RDX is just as cushy. Look forward to showing it off to my friends. It was a long process to decide but I'm sure glad I took my time and chose the RDX. It was the best choice for my money! I ordered chrome wheels and now it's looking so pretty!
If you get bored easily, opt for the technology package. Not only will this car talk to you but it will let you know exactly whats going on performance-wise down to each wheel. The rumors of turbo lag are true from stand-still acceleration. However, when the turbo kicks in, it's like no feeling a V6 can offer. You feel like you are being lifted off your seat then pushed back into it. My wife has a Murano. This car is much smoother, ride, acceleration, braking and even the seats are softer. If you want the performance that may outrun a BMW 3 series but need room for the family pet, this is the vehicle!
Wife loves the car. Easy to park, drive, and back camera is great. 
I've had the 2008 RDX for just a few days - very impressed so far. Handling and acceleration are great. I'm 6'5" and have over 3 inches of space between my head and the roof - pretty amazing for a car with a moonroof. Initial fit and finish seem perfect. All in all, it's a lot of fun to drive.
Does everything well instead of compromising one performance area to excel in another. For example, corners as if on rails but preserves quiet, comfortable ride. The engine is smooth and quiet around town but makes operatic noises at the top of the rev range. This is the perfect luxury car for with enough confidence to eschew driving a visible status symbol. I drove Audis before they went upscale to compete directly with Mercedes and BMW. This Acura now fills that niche of artful, understated luxury that makes one look smart, not status conscious. 
Great handling, feels like the vehicle is glued to the road due to the SH-AWD. Requires high test although gas mileage is reasonable. Excellent acceleration for a 4000 pound vehicle. Roomy, high tech voice command system, fabulous 5.1 surround sound and backup camera which I wanted. Also has manual shift via paddles on the steering wheel, and Acura reliability. Everything works as intended. Drive one, you'll buy it.
A co-worker of mine gave me a ride to work one morning. She picked me up in her Acura RL. By the time we reached work I believe I repeated the phrase - "this is a great car" - about 5 times. Well I own one now, just completed one year of ownership. Let me tell you folks there is no better value for money in the luxury category. I compared the RL to the BMW 5 and the Audi A6 and I saved about $15k easily. The best car that I have owned bar none. You are surrounded in luxury and comfort. The AWD, steering and handling are superb. I wonder how I ever survived the LA labyrinth without my Acura nav system - it is amazing. The only negative is the rear middle seat, it is uncomfortable.
I got my RL (top of the line) by the end of Nov. 2007. So far it's fine. It drives well with very good highway mileage considering AWD. The average mileage rate was over 30 mi/gal in long distance driving. Before I purchased it, I searched the market well. For about $50K Mercedes/BMW/Audi were some offering their stripped versions. If you own the top of the line luxury car, your dealer treats you like a king for maintenance calls (your loaner there if need be). One thing was bad about these sports cars, they are so low. Even cement divider on parking lots touches your fender if you are not careful. Tires are so expensive (PAX system). If you damage it, prepare to pay $500 per tire change.
This car is so good, I wouldn't want to know the person dissatisfied with it. Too spoiled. Excellent reliability. Excellent safety. Excellent road holding in bad weather. The quietest car I've ever experienced. Excellent stereo. Comfortable seats for me. Pleasant styling. Like most Acuras, will probably look fine in 10 years. Cadillacs and BMWs will probably look silly/dated. The only thing you get in 2009 is an ugly restyling, 10 more hp and a significant loss in economy. 2008 is a optimal year. It doesn't feel like a toss around car. Too heavy. Reasonable back seat. Everything about it inspires confidence: quality, road manners, rubber on the road, balance. It does everything well
After I saw my friend's beautiful RL I didn't hesitate to buy one for myself. This car has everything you can ask for. The 290 horsepower engine is too powerful for my needs (got 2 speeding tickets with this Acura). I love my Acura RL, it has 10000 miles already and has no signs of any problems. Averaged 31.8 mpg on a 2000 mile roadtrip which is the best of other cars.
I bought a 2008 Acura RL in March and it's by far the best car I have ever bought. The Acura RL is very powerful, very smooth and quiet, has great handling. Acura (Honda) cars have excellent quility and are reilible. If you are looking for a new luxury car give the Acura RL a chance.
I love my new Acura RL fully loaded. I've owned all of the major players including Lexus, BMW and MB. You really owe it to yourself to go test drive this amazing car if youre looking at 40-50K cars.
Bought the RL Tech pacakge. 2nd day noticed major quality problems. Rattling noise from all over the place. Owning the car for 6 weeks so far and several parts are replaced. Windshield and headliners are all taken apart due to major manufacturing defect. Honda corporate really doesn't care about customers, the only thing they care is talk nicely, but no action to solve issues.
I have had them all. Audi, BMW 535, Infinity, Lincoln, MB E350. I couldn't believe the RL when I drove it somewhat reluctantly. Incredible road hugging and plenty of power with 300 hp for a v6. You can punish this car and it keeps coming back for more. I almost went for the Lexus GS 350 but felt it was rough riding and a little noisy compared to the RL. The GS 460 would have been more fun but much more expensive. Great technology and maybe the best GPS and Bose stereo with noise abatement. Cabin is whisper quiet. I got 26 mpg on 160 mile highway trip. Not bad. Fit and finish among the best. I will enjoy this car for 36 month lease, I know.
I have had all the luxury sedans. You name it and I have had it including BMW, MB, Jag and Infiniti. I leased the RL with a few doubts but it is a driver's machine. The 4 wheel drive is really amazing and you can push this car hard on the curves and it comes back for more. Fit and finish is superb. I look forward to the office commute every day. 
I've only had my new RL for three days, but, so far, I love it. I previously had an Acura TL, which I liked a lot, but wanted an AWD vehicle which was a little smoother on the road than the TL. I hesitated a bit on the RL because of both its cost and the exterior design, which I liked okay, but not as much as the TL. I test drove an Infiniti EX and G35X, a Toyota Highlander, Volvo S60 and S80 and looked at a number of other cars. I also drove the Acura RDX. The RL is the most enjoyable car I've ever driven and I recommend it fully. Buy it!
An excellent car except for the ability to see the road at night. Excellent quality, handling and comfort. However, the HID headlight aiming system is way too low - a law suit waiting to happen. It is pure terror driving downhill on a windy country road at night. The headlights are aimed into the ground, but the dealer claims they are aimed correctly. I would rate this car a 10 during daytime driving, but a 2 for nightime. If I had test driven this car at night, I wouldn't have bought it! On the plus side, I am getting near 28 mpg highway, which is much better than the EPA sticker rating. Excellent steering and road performance.
We cross shopped Audi A6, Q7, Infiniti M35x, Cadilac CTS4, Acura TL and RL, after we returned a 2006 BMW 530xiT. We finally decided to lease an RL because it has all the basic elements of being a luxury car. This is the 4th Honda/Acura we had owned so far. And probably the most conservative Honda/Acura we ever have. Having said that, the RL is still a wonderful car to drive. Only hope 3 years later, Acura can have another face lift base on the coming 2009 RL (it is NOT attractive at all) plus a RWD-biasd AWD. Then I think we will continue to be in the Honda's family.
I compared the RL the M35x all wheel drive autos. I found them to be very similar. Although the M35 might be slightly faster off the line I felt more comfortable in the RL driver's seat and was surprised by the sporty/firm suspension. The M35 may also win the looks category but the RL dresses up nicely with the factory flaps and spoiler. Having owned an Infinity and a Honda/Acura previously, I expect the RL to be more reliable and less costly to service. What really swayed my decision to the RL was after negotiating on both cars, the 2008 RL ended up thousands less than the M35. After a couple thousand miles, I am extremely happy with the RL.
 Traded in 2003 3.2 TL. Had A4 before that and living in Northeast missed the AWD. Ratings lower for fun to drive as it is a matter of what you want....a small fun car like an A4 or BMW 3 Series to zip around and corner in or the luxury of a bigger car. I went for the luxury and am happy I did. The lower rating for the exterior design is because let's be honest this does not have the flash of some rivals. Otherwise, I love this car. Great upgrades, interior, loaded with bose stereo, bluetooth, nav. system. AWD fantastic thru 3 snowstorms that would have crippled TL. Car is solid and feel safe. Lot of highway, getting 21 MPG! TL never a prob, anticipate same or better with RL
I cross-shopped the Lexus IS/GS, BMW 5 series and the Acura RL. Stayed away from Mercedes due to past experience. RL provided the most rewarding driving experience combined with the most features for the money. It is also very reasonable to insure. Fuel mileage has been in the 17-20 mpg commuting in traffic. 
I just traded in my 2005 300C and I have to admit I miss the Hemi, but having said that, I love this car. Though I never had any mechanical problems with my Chrysler, I didn't have the confidence that the car would hold up long term. The RL has something about it that makes you believe you can drive it forever. Not only is the car solid but Acura has paid attention to the details owners care about. Quiet ride, great stereo system, a navi system that is easy to use, comfortable seating, pleasant appearance and for me all wheel drive. I plan to put a lot of miles on this car.
I Purchased my new 2008 Acura Tl in July of 08. Loved the design and features. First issue with car - tire vibration at 50-60 mph. Performance Acura could not fix. Said it is normal for the car to shimmy. 3000k developed a timing belt chirp/chatter at idle. Acura service bulletin for timing belt issue -kept car for 2 weeks -did not fix noise. Now a 18000k still have timing belt noise now with loud whine during acceleration above 3k rpm. After 1 year of ownership dashboard has faded light grey/whitish from black. Hesitates in hot weather. Full of rattles. Have met Acura regional rep - no resolve. They do their best to ignore me. Warranty is useless.
I've admired the TL bodystyle since '04. (what happened with the '09s? too sharp / too much metal on the front grill and too cadillac- ish) this car is exceptionally fun to drive, ergonomically a gem and SEXY. i average 21 MPG city and without setting cruise on the freeway, i'm at 90 before i know it. 0-60 feels like a jet. yeah, the turning ratio is tight -- that's for sure, but all else makes up for it. LOVE LOVE LOVE this car.
Basically bought this car from the inside out. Compared to 330i, Audi A4 and felt the TL was a better value and much more spacious. After a year there have been no defects to speak of, so quite satisfied with build quality. Performance is quite good although torque steer is evident under hard acceleration. Ergonomics are excellent and runs fantastic on the highway. Manual mode transmission is a little disappointing as it does not force the transmission into quicker gear shifts. 
Not bad is as good as this car gets. I love the ride and features for the money. The gas mileage is great. Unfortunately, I have an electrical problem that seems to be undiagnosable and continues to plague my car. The torque steering is an issue with this car, but overcome with a little driving skill. I would prefer folding rear seats and better tires form the manufacturer, but pretty average overall. However, the value compared to its competition, was amazing. Many features for the money. 
I have owned my TL-S for a year and a half and have 13K miles on it. Overall a great car. I get 19-20 in the city and 30-32 on the highway at 72 MPH. Good suspension and great surround sound. Minor issues: fold down rear seat would be good, the trunk is so well finished there is no point to tie it down. Rain rolls off the roof onto the driver's seat when you open the door. No good CD case holder in the car. Passenger seat height adjustment would be nice. As you can see my issues are minor. I got 86 more HP than my 01 Accord for the price of 91 octane and with no real mileage penalty. Had considered a G35 but did not want RWD in the snow and the MPG was much higher for the Acura. 
I let past reviews guide me, and I'm not sorry I did. I wanted a well-made sports sedan at a reasonable price that was fun to drive and that I wasn't having repaired every six months. And that is exactly what I got. I couldn't be happier. Every time I drive this car I feel I made the right decision. Having had German and American cars in the past, I was tired of the German repairs and the lack of American build-quality. While the exterior styling doesn't compare to BMW or Audi, I spend most of the time inside the car - not standing on the street looking at it, and when you're inside driving the car, you're thoroughly impressed. By far the best value for the money in this segment.
I researched this car at length while also considering the Lexus IS 350, BMW 3 series and the Infiniti G. This car definitely represents the best combination of size, comfort, sportiness and value for the $$. Like a previous post I too was at first disappointed by the car's jerky transmission, however after a few months of ownership this car's drive seemed to transform (or I got more accustomed) to very smooth, fun car to drive. After testing both the standard TL and the Type S, without question the Type S is a vastly superior automobile and is worth the extra two or three grand. 
Great car. Looked at Lexus and Infinity. Acura gave more for the money. Love the carbon bronze color and wood grain details. Handles well. Loved not having to decide which options to pick since many were already included. Heated seats warm up quickly. Good pick-up. Get 32 mpg on hwy. Heavy doors. Such a solid car.
I purchased my TL-S in July 2008 after seeing the spy pictures of the 2009 models. So far I have 7,500 miles on the car and it has been flawless. The 3.5L makes this car a sleeper, it's plenty fast for me. I shopped the G35, Lexus IS350 and BMW 3 Series before buying the Acura. The nice part about the car is the value for the money, this car comes loaded. With Lexus, BMW and Infiniti the options are expensive and add up quickly. An IS350 with the same equipment as this car stickered at over $45k, same with BMW. I was able to purchase my TL-S for $33k, that was $5,800 off the sticker. Was able to get a good deal with the ugly 2009's ready to hit the market.
Moving from 6 years with 5-series BMWs to an Acura TL requires a major adjustment. The TL is a well-built auto with nice interior design and complementary touches. It's a bit light, and coupled with the regular skinny tires, provides a harsh, shaky ride over rough pavement. Go for the better tires. I don't agree completely with the car being described as having sporty handling, especially as a front-driver, as it pushes through the turns. But it does have good acceleration to get you safely on the highway, but at a cost in fuel economy (averaging 23 mpg overall). Sunroof operates nicely, but admits cool air in the winter with the shade open and roof closed.
Bought this car for my wife at the end of 2007 from a Minivan. Change was well worth it. She loves the TL and it is extremly comfortable and easy to drive. Navigation and Bluetooth are great.
I purchased this vehicle after owning a 2005 Altima, and this was my best decision that I have made so far in life. I have received so many compliments on the vehicle looks. My husband is constantly wanting to drive me around on the weekends in it. I love the sportiness of it and just the overall luxurious feel of the vehicle. The fact that the car comes standard with alot of luxurious features is a plus. With the right deal you can purchase a luxury line vehicle for about the same price as a Honda Accord Ex-L- V6
The best in its class. Can't be beat in quality, options, ride, and value for price point. Way to go Acura!!
I only have less than 600 miles on my 2008 TL and I hate to leave the car alone. It is so much fun to drive this car. Like its name TL (Touring Luxury), you would love to drive the sporty sedan with its build in luxury experience that put you right in the driving mode (not commute mode). Unlike Lexus, Acura TL and BMW series give you the communication with the dirt on the road. If you like to drive on the air (like Toyota with small wheels and big rubber tire), TL is not for you. It is always a hardship to blend luxury with sporty features. Acura TL seamlessly combined them. 
I have had my new CBP TL-S with 6M for just over a week now and I am totally in love with it. My old car is a 1998 Maxima 5M and on my daily driving routine (of about 13 miles freeway and 10 miles side streets), I have been averaging 22 mpg. Possibly because I tend to accelerate hard and partly because I typically cruise at 77-80 mph on the interstate (depending on traffic). On my first tank with the TL-S (including 20 minutes idling at the dealer), I averaged about 24 MPG and so far on the second tank my average is between 25-26. That's pretty impressive considering that the TL is 450 lbs heavier and has a 100 hp over the Maxima, and not to mention just over 300 miles on the engine. 
Ok. This car likes to go fast, very fast. It feels very secure, but she likes to "boogie"!! I test drove a lot of cars before leasing the TL-S and I have to say, I made the right choice. Fuel economy isn't bad, isn't great either. So far I am averaging 20mpg, but for a car that has 286HP and F-1 style paddle shifters, its not bad. :) The car has room for 4/5 adults and golf clubs, plus it MOVES down the road with a lot of autority. The exhaust note is seductive, NAV is awesome, paddle shifters are sweet, handling is secure and often feels neutral, very much a "sleeper" on the street and easy to blow the doors off a BMW/Lexus/MB and give you a grin ear to ear. Get one, you will LOVE IT! :)
This is my second Acura, and I must say I love this car. It has everything you'll want and is the best valued sporty, luxury car on the market.
Wow. Where do I begin? Well, coming from a BMW 325i all I can say is wow! What a difference!! The Acura is actually more fun to drive, has more room, you get the "all-inclusive" package when you get the Type-S vs BMW everything is "a la carte". So far I have only 300 miles on my Type-S, but I LOVE IT!! My first, second and third test drives were all very fun. I was able to "push" the test cars very hard and every time I left the dealer, I had a huge smile. The Acuralink NAV is amazing, seriously. This car can do it all! Very impressed with road noise suppression and overall ride. This car is FAST and NIMBLE without loosening your tooth fillings :)
This Car is the best value on the road. From the reliability to the performance. Also, the interior finishes are top notch. Do yourself a favor and sit in this car if you are in the market for a four door sedan... you will by this car
Traded in our 10-month old Civic for the TL because the tall driver (me) could not get comfortable in the driver's seat. Otherwise, the Civic was the perfect car. The TL solved the comfort problem with very comfortable, adjustable seats. It is fun to drive, easy to handle, and just an all around "nice car." Was looking for a somewhat sporty sedan for the family of three. Neither the wife nor I wanted the soft ride of a Camry or a Lexus(?), nor the harsh ride of a true sports car. For us, the TL hit the sweet spot in the middle. Still getting used to the "luxury" aspects of owning this car. 
Low end torque is not as good as i had hoped. above 2500 rpm the car moves well. The manual side on the 5A is sluggish, upshifts are not crisp. The engine has some noticeable vibrations at 1500 rpm, 2000 rpm and 4000 rpm. The 2000 rpm point is most noticeable at takeoff, it is felt in the steering wheel and foot pedals. 
The commute was never so short! I drive about 500 miles a week and need a car that is safe and responsive. The TL Type-S has got to be the best value of any car on the road today. All the reviews compare it with cars that are much more expensive with the same equipment. For me, the nav traffic and voice-activated everything is key since you can keep focused on the road and not the controls. The Brembo brakes and tuned suspension gives you a level of confidence that keeps you sharp. I drove the Moroccan Red as a demo and bought the same car a month later. Great comments from everyone - the contrasting dark wheels and body accents put it in a class by itself. One awesome ride!
I came from driving a Honda Civic (4 cylinders) to the beautifully sleek Acura TL. My best friend and I instantly fell in the love with the sexy body and outstanding features. She has the white diamond pearl with parchment interior and i have the nighthawk black pearl with ebony interior. I wanted the Navigation system but was presented with a pricing offer that was too good to pass up so I went w/o. Even though I know it is not the same, I can always buy one.
No perfect care exists, but the 2008 TL Type S comes close for an attainable price. The vehicle is an excellent blend of power, handling, and interior refinement. A comparable BMW would be significantly more expensive. The competitor vehicles, such as the G35 and the IS350 are good cars but lack the professional finish seen in Acura vehicles. After a week of ownership, there are no visible flaws. The voice command feature of the DVD-navigation system does take some time to learn and perfect. 
Traded in a 2004 F150 supercrew which we really liked. We were looking for a sporty sedan with better mileage than the 14mpg we were getting with the truck. Went to the Seattle Auto Show and we liked three models. The first two dealers we went to didn't have the model we liked in stock. Then we went to our local Acura dealer and it was all over. We didn't want the test drive to end. We bought this car for better mileage and good looks and good handling. We averaged 22mpg on our first two tanks of gas; some highway and some city driving.
Purchased the TL Type S auto and love the car. Narrowed down my search to the G35 and TL. Final decision was based on convenience of the dealership and the fact that I love everything about the car. The ride is firm with a ton of power (286 hp) under the hood. The interior has all the conveniences and then some like the real-time traffic nav system, XM radio and Bluetooth. The interior quality is top notch. Love the exterior and I think the TL has a unique look unlike a lot of the other models.
Almost 2 months of ownership, 1500 miles and I'm still in love. I was going to purchase the '08 335i (drove sedan/coupe) - as a fluke (just happened to be at the dealership with a friend) I drove the TL Type S and bought the car the next day (no comparison to the BMW). The growl of the quad exhaust is hot. The car looks a bit demure but hit the gas and watch out! Everyone loves it. As most here, I also got the Carbon Bronze Pearl and think that color suits the darker rims very well. I'm very glad I decided to take a test drive that day. I also drove the car with an auto transmission and like the automatic better (the second auto I've ever owned).
I got more than 2000 miles on my new TL and I cannot believe that I actually drive this car to work everyday. Take it from a dealership parking lot to downtown and watch reflections of yourself. When you open the door, it whispers (not screams) luxury! I love all the features: seat memory settings, hands-free link, navigation, dual climate, sound system. Driving is very smooth and comfortable and, if you want, very sporty as well. Perfect balance. You can drive your mother in law in a limo and your friends in a sports car all in the same vehicle. Driving in the heavy rain, passing 18-wheelers, up the hill in curvy road, all of it is pure driving passion. MPG is OK, 28/23 so far.
This is my fifth Acura. I traded in a 2005 TL for the new 2008 S-Type. The car is built like a vault with great handling and performance. The bronze metallic exterior with taupe interior is a knockout. Standard amenities, such as the nav system, are nothing short of luxurious. I found the standard bronze wheels very unattractive and insisted they be swapped with the standard issue wheels, and this was a huge improvement. Acura continues to provide an excellent product at a reasonable price.
This is my first Acura; I came from owning Toyotas and Hondas (a minivan from each). One thing I loved about the Acura (and the Honda I have owned) is that they don't nickel and dime you on options; the car simply has what you want on it standard from the factory.
I love this car. I was driving a 2000 BMW 328 (my third one) and the second I test drove this car, I put my BMW up for sale. My 328 sold and I picked up my new Acura on Sat, Aug 11th. First the car handles amazingly well for a car that is quite a bit larger than the BMW. The TL S type has an amazing engine with more than enough power. The interior is beautiful to look at with the two tone leather seats and sharp accents. My cool younger friends and my 18 year old nephew raved about this car and both the exterior and interior. Everybody seems to like it. I got the bronze color which looks amazing with the rims. I love everything about this car!
So far this car is great. I got the Carbon Bronze Pearl, and it is a real looker. I'm a little disappointed with the gas mileage so far, as I'm coming from a 4 cylinder Honda Accord. I've put about 100 miles on it and it seems I've gone through about 1/3 of a tank of gas already. Although the "full" tank came from the dealership, so who knows how full it really was?
Handles better than the BMW, more reliable than the G and sexier than the IS. Great car.
This is my second TL. My first was a 2003 TL-S. Got a great price since the 2009's were coming out soon. Since the 2008 car has the same engine as my 2003 car I did not see the need for any more horsepower. This is really a fantastic car. Love the navi. Like to mess it up by taking a different route than it suggests. My two complaints with the 2003 were that the back seat does not fold down and that the garage door button was not lighted. They got one fixed. I'll be buying Acuras from now on. BTW, there is a way to secure the gas cap. There is a little piece of plastic on the cap that sticks out. It fits in the groove on the inside of the gas door. 
Bought my 08 in March of 09 and have been pleased with it so far. Good car - does everything well, probably not the best in anything, but is very good at everything. Good power, handling, comfort and layout. Looked at a 09 Accord V6, but the layout and features of this 08 were much better. The styling of the 09 seems a little off to me, plus the price was much higher. The 08 is much more conservative, but classy. Happy with my purchase and would recommend - I don't have the rattles that some talk about although it takes some getting used to how the engine seems to brake when you let your foot off the gas instead of coasting like most cars do...
It came down to this car or a BMW 3-Series and I'm glad I chose the Acura. It has excellent performance and handles well. Interior features are great and the body style is sleek. Previously owned a Civic so I know this car is dependable.
We just bought our TL and have come to love it! The performance and handling are just right for my driving habits (however bad they may be). Hopefully mister officer won't be around when I let her ponies run. The interior is pretty comfortable and well designed. We look forward to many years with this car.
When I first got my Type-S, I was disappointed: the transmission felt jerky, the tires squealed readily during cornering and hard acceleration, and to top it off I bought an AUTO, which was all they had left. About three months later, the car literally transformed: the transmission was silky smooth, the handling was snappy and nimble, and there wasn't any real torque steer or understeer to deal with. It was still an auto, but that went well with the enormous number of luxury features. I can cruise in comfort and in style, or I can rip through the woods and destroy a Mitsubishi Eclipse at a stoplight. Either way, I'm no longer disappointed. 
I bought my first civic in 85 and have owned a prelude, odessey and had been driving a 98 Accord with 172K miles. I thought it was time to continue with my Honda loyalty until they give me a reason not to, so I stepped up in class and bought the 08 TL in October. After 4 months, I have been very happy with this car. It looks plain from the outside, but is loaded with features. I would recommend it to anyone who wants high- performance, luxury and value. 
This vehicle is the best value for the money out there. There are no options, enhancements or suggestions that I could make to improve this vehicle. The interior and exterior design is superior and unfortunately, not matched by their 2009 TL entry. No problems whatsoever at 12,500 miles to date.
I purchased a new (25 miles on it) 2008 Acura TL in early December. After driving the car for two weeks and 2000 miles the cam shaft seized and required 20 days of repair time. Understanding that this is not common at all I asked Acura for a replacement and they tried to get me to agree to an extended warranty and to wash their hands of liability. Acura has been terrible to work with and this is my first and last Acura solely because of how I have been treated. If you are in the market for a new car please consider all your options and keep in mind that Acura will not help you if you are sold a car with problems. 
I drove a 2005 Honda Accord V6 before the TL and was so happy with the performance and reliability that I had to stay in the Honda family. There was a little buyers remorse b/c I didn't feel comfortable spending this amount of money on a car but I can honestly say I am very happy with the 08 TL. This car rides smooth and I love the interior. The navigation is wonderful with all its capabilities and voice recognition works pretty well. And, best of all the resell value is great for these cars. If I have one complaint it would be the rattles from the interior... they come and go as they please. But, I can deal with it if this is all I am unhappy about. 
The car is hard to beat. I compared it with a wide variety of cars, the Jetta, BMW 328i, Lexus RX330, Infiniti G35, and Honda Accord. I kept coming back to this one as the standard. It met all my expectations and the value is definitely there. It's not the most exciting car, but it's very handsome, and it suits my driving style just fine. The ride is nice, I love the nav and reverse camera, and the interior is gorgeous. I think there are a few problems with rattles, but other than that, it's hard to find fault.
Love the car! Midnight Black with dark interior and 6-speed. This card flies and is a blast to drive. Love the standard gadgets. This makes the buying experience very easy. 
I've had the car for about 2 months now and so far so good. Overall, I'm very impressed. The ride is smooth, it handles curves well, and the tech package is extremely fun. I am having a problem getting my garage door opener connected to the rear view mirror. Additionally, the moment it gets cold my tire pressure lights come on.
I bought this car in Sep '08 and I love this car. It is worth every buck for all the features that come standard with the car. Gas mileage is great for a 3.2L V6. I get 33 mpg highway and 19-24 mpg city. The sound system is really good. Interiors are well crafted. The only con would be slight rattle at low speeds, but no biggie, I can live with it for everything else it offers. 
I purchased a 2008 TL-S in late October. I was looking for a sporty design with a smart interior. The TL-S also had more room than my 2007 BMW 328xi. I have owned the Infinity 235 and find that its interior does not match up to the TL-S. I love the wheels, the ELS sound system and the whole exterior look. I know it may be tired but it is classic. I looked at the 2009 but was not impressed by the design. I also received a great deal on the year end model. I traded-in a 2007 Saab Convertible. Acura makes buying very easy because there are only two trim levels. The competitors make you pay for every feature.
I had an 2004, sold it and bought a 2008 after testing the 2009 TL which I liked but could not justify the $9,000 price difference. The 08 feels more sure footed and grippy compared to the 04 and their are better ergonomics inside. 
Traded 94 Legend for the Carbon Bronze 2008 TL/S. The TL/S same or better features than Niss/BMW for less $$. The 3.5 gets the TL/S moving quickly & oversize brakes offer smooth braking. Cruising at 70mph is the norm as one doesn't recognize the "speed" so pay attention. Quiet cabin, heated seats/mirrors, nav, XM, reverse cam, CD, DVD, smooth yet firm ride, great acceleration, takes curves like a slot-car. Speeds > 100mph, smooth & silky w/no vibration. Driving this auto since 12/2007, its once again FUN TO DRIVE! Absolutely love it!
This is my fourth TL and I could not be more pleased. I considered the 2009 TL but was not wild about the preview pics and the associated styling (the cost of an end of year vehicle were sweet!). The comments from others are ALWAYS great. The interior and exterior styling as as expected: nice. The mileage is not exceptional but very acceptable.
Actually the TL is my wifes car but I can tell when she is in love. For her, it is just the right size, has just the right equipment, has just the right amount of power, and behaves/feels like it is part of her. It is a nice looking car without being too flashy.
I first saw the 2008 model at the Chicago Auto Show and fell in love. I wanted the Nighthawk Black Pearl, but ended up with Kinetic Blue Pearl with the dark Type S wheels. I love the way it looks and especially the way it drives! Lots of power, friendly operation, awesome stereo system, I can't say enough about this car. Most people ask me "who owns that fancy car"?. My answer, "that would be me".
Evaluated vs. the 2009 Audi A4 and G35xs. This car isn't as sporty as the G35 but more than the A4. It isn't as luxurious as the A4 but more than the G35. Perfect for my less than 20 mile commute. Gas mileage better than advertised. Extremely comfortable seats. Plenty of room for 6' plus. GPS easy to use. Voice commands a little hard to get used too. Excellent handling in the rain, up hills. Great acceleration. Plenty of backseat space. IPod plug in fine but no on screen controls not great.
I looked at a lot of different cars including the Infiniti G35, Audi A4, Lexus IS 350 but found the Acura TL-S to be all I wanted at a great value for the price. It has great performance and handling, a great nav and audio system, comfortable interior, good styling and quality. It is just fun to drive.
We could not be happier with our purchase. Plenty of power, very comfortable seats, awesome sound system. 30 mpg on a recent trip, 22-25 overall. After purchasing an 07 Civic, my wife was impressed with Honda. She traded her beloved SUV. My co-workers don`t believe I have a TL because my wife won`t part with it, even for a day!
The car performs at your pleasure: it can give you speed, power, comfort, great directions (w/ navi), decent handling, and amazing mileage. Even with a few moments of pedal to the medal, I have been averaging between 31 and 32 mpg, albeit mostly highway miles. Front end torque is minimal unless you accelerate while making a sharp turn. The 6-speed is very smooth, energizing, and lets you drive the car the way it should be. 
I was leaning toward the base TL with Navi, but after test-driving both the base TL and the S it was all over. I drove the S first and the base TL really lacked the torque off the line. This is a great commuter car, comfortable yet sporty. I have the Crystal White Pearl with the Ebony/Silver Interior. I get compliments on the exterior color with its iridescence. I have about 900 miles on it now and the trip computer is telling me that for the past 650 miles (reset this after the initial tank of gas from the dealer) my MPG are 26! My commute is mixed city/highway (Philadelphia to NW Suburbs, 27 miles one-way).
I purchased my 2008 Acura TL Type S in April. 4 months later I am still very happy. Excellent acceleration and the gas mileage is surprisingly good. I've been averaging 27 mpg with city/hwy combined. Luxury and sport nicely combined. The TL offers more leg room for rear passengers than the IS 250 and G35. I wish the back seats were capable of folding down for my random stops at Lowes and Home Depot. The doors are hard to keep open while exiting but I will survive.
So far the experience has been great! I started looking around at smaller, more fuel efficient models like the Accord and Civic but finally gave in and decided that a little luxury and styling had to be worth something. I really like the handling but my one knock is that it seems to give the slightest vibration at around 60 but then over that it goes away. I'll keep an eye on that but it might just be engine rattle at that rpm. Corners seem to grab and hold like I am not used to and I find myself heading into curves with a bit more confidence. I am very happy that I decided to step up. This a no-brainer over the Accord for me.
I wanted a TL but I wanted to stand out from the crowd of other TL owners so I bought the TL-S with the aero body kit installed and it looks great. I'm getting 22 mpg city on 87 octane. I tried the 91 oct but I can't tell the difference on 2 tanks so I went back to 87 and it's just fine. Love the nav system, I'd be so lost w/out it plus its a fun toy and great for resale when(if) I sell it. Not a rocket ship but has plenty of power for city driving and has the Honda reliability, fit and finish. It loaded with options that would cost thousands more with BMW, Lexus, Audi and Merc. Why pay more??
 Great car, handles well, good acceleration and fun to drive. Very sporty and comfortable. Has all the bell and whistles one could want.
I looked at many cars before buying this one. Mine is Bronze-Graphite with the charcoal/black interior. I traded in a Porsche and VW Jetta for the one TL-S, and feel it was a good decision. Performance is great, and for the price, what a deal!! It's faster than my 2000 Boxster, and I expect the reliability to be second to none. I just drove from Ft Worth to Houston, and got 30 mpg on the interstate with the cruise at 68. My in-town mixed driving delivers 22.5 mpg, and I drive fairly aggressive. Handling is great for a car of this type, and the fit and finish is as good as I have seen on any car. Interior is very sporty, but still luxurious. Style of Merc AMG or BMW-M Type for much less money
After researching several makes, Lexus, Infiniti, BMW, MB, etc., I purchased my TL-S in silver about one month ago. I wanted a 6 speed but they were hard to find so I took an automatic. I'm still getting used to driving the auto as well as front wheel drive after driving all wheel drive Audis for the last 8 years. Overall this car is great, no complaints so far. I love the styling of the interior and exterior and the gas mileage for an engine this size has been surprisingly good. On a recent trip (600 miles round trip) I averaged 33 mpg! This car offered by far the best bang for the buck.
For a base level sedan (w/navi) Acura certainly packs in the features. Voice recognition, rear view camera, GPS w/ real-time traffic option, sequential sport shifting. Low torque is the only drawback - though it's not enough to impede a speedy freeway entry or over-taking. The manual shifting more than compensates. General fit and finish - though well done - could use a little more of a solid feeling and refinement. Overall - very happy with the purchase.
This car is not perfect, but I love it. I like the driving/handling of the car. It feels tightly gripped to the road; pretty sturdy on turns. I've been averaging about 15-17 mpg in the city. This car likes to be driven out on the open road and highway, not stopping/starting, going over speed bumps, etc. I can't wait to take it out of the city to see what it can do. Love the on-board computer. Comfortable interior, too. Gadgets/ergonometry is not too hard to figure out, per editor's knock on this item. I would take this car over its competitors, a BMW or Lexus, any day of the week. Good value. Can't help but turn around and look at it, great styling.
I looked at Infiniti, BMW and Lexus before buying the Acura. They all have pros and cons. The value of the Acura is outstanding and the fit and finish is excellent. The 3.2l engine has plenty of power for my needs and the gas mileage is excellent on highway driving. The cabin is very quiet and the ride is smooth but not as cushy as the Lexus.
I have driven full and mid sized SUVs for years, but missed the fun of a bit of a "performance car" but still have a family now, so a 2 seater or 2 + 2 was out of the question. This is a great blend of functionality, luxury and performance. The list of standard features is staggering. When you compare this to a 3 series BMW you will find 40K plus to get close to the standard equipment on the TL, and that is with BMW's standard "leatherette" interior without upgrade. Yes, for those who have not researched it, real leather is NOT standard on a 3 series, you pay about $1,500 to get it. Now, at the very high end, BMW gets the performance nod, but for the average commuter, this is a win
I drove 1993 Honda Accord LX Coupe for 15 years, 400,000 miles. and I traded in for this '08 Acura TL. I really liked the accord and it gave me no pain. But this TL has been proven to be a Rattle box. It makes rattling sound almost everywhere. I went in to the dealer about 4 times in one month starting 2 days after purchasing the car and stayed at the dealer for 2 weeks total in the first month. The first, sunroof problems and engine check light on and drive light blinking not shifting from 3rd to 4th gear, etc. It wasted a lot of my time and gave me so much stress. And all they gave me was the extended warranty. After the first month, I had to keep going back to dealer
This is my first Acura and I am impressed. I especially like the exterior styling. I can't walk away from the car without looking back at it. The interior is well designed and has the look of understated elegance. The extra benefit so far has been the incredible highway mileage. I have been experiencing 32-34 mpg on our long TX highways traveling between 70 and 80 mpg. This was better than I expected and much appreciated in a car this size. Also, I was not a audiophile until i bought this car. Excellent CD/XM experience. I recently compared TL to the BMW5, MBE, Lexus ES and VolvoS80. Surprisingly the TL has the same proportions as all with lower total costs. Reliability & VAlue!!
Car is beautiful in black with factory chrome wheels and all optional body ground effects. VeRy fast, with paddle shifters (fun). I have 40 series tires which ride very harsh. Gas mileage is great on highway 28-30 and around 17-20 local. Car handles great and audio system is outstanding. Many voice operated controls that take time to learn, but worth it! Bluetooth phone system is outstanding.
After 3 months 10,000+ miles, I am very pleased to say that the Acura TL is a very solid, reliable, and overall good car to purchase. The ride is quiet and smooth, with no problems merging on the highway. Plenty of comfortable interior space, and controls and well laid out and easy to understand. Fit and finish in the interior is excellent. Very good sound system. A lot more standard features for the money compared to other cars in its class. I was surprisingly pleased with the gas mileage for a V6 engine--city and highway averages about 25 MPG. 
My wife and I looked at several vehicles (Infiniti G35, Audi A4) before we decided on the Acura TL-S. My wife didn't like the others. I wanted performance - sporty handling and 0-60 in less than 6 seconds. The Acura's engine is very smooth with enough power. The handling is excellent - sporty but not stiff, slight understeer. Shifting is precise - I really love the shift paddles. The nav. system is easy to use with a big screen and many features. It's just really fun to drive.
Bought a base TL about 3 months ago, and just love it. Having had an '05 C230 before this TL, I can tell you that the interiors are identical quality. IF you want a little more luxury, a little sportier car, for a lot more money, then by all means look at the MS, BMW or infiniti. But if you want the best combination of value and luxury, look no farther than the TL.
I bought this car back in December. I love to drive it and I try to drive it whenever I can, but with gas today it is hard. I have no choice but to let it sit in the garage and drive my sis's camry instead. Premium does take a lot more out of your pocket. Although, using sportshift mode and going light on the acceleration will save you some money. Some people say the style is out dated, but I personally still love it.
It is only 3 inches shorter than a 5 series BMW and has nearly the fit and finish. The interior and electronics are ergonomically sound and easy to use, as well as beautiful. The navigation option is a brilliant and large 9-in screen in the center of the dash w/backup camera, that actually comes in use. The front wheel drive is a a bit of a bummer for anyone performance-oriented, but overall the car is fantastic top to bottom. Comfortable, fits 4 adults, rear seat legroom is spacious, all seat surfaces a plush. Gas mileage is averaging around 24, for a 260hp V6, that's quite amazing too. 
I've liked the TL since the re-design in 2004 but I never liked the fog lights integrated with the headlights. Good when they separated them in 07. I looked at the BMW 328i, Lexus IS350 and Audi Quad S-line, the TL-S beat them all. With the list of standard features on the TL-S vs. paying a lot more money for it, with the others, it just made more since. Quad exhaust, power, hid lights, red interior lights & rims set this car apart from your standard TL. It's worth spending a little more to stand out. This car is a blast to drive & gets plenty of looks. I'm getting 22 mpg city, not that great, but I didn't buy it to save gas. Can't tell a diff with the HPT tires.
Complete "rattle box" - and as my wife notes, style is already very outdated. We drove the C350, 335 and GS350 over the weekend, all I can say is that all of these are nicer, have much better interiors. Don't let the "reliability" sales pitch sway you - we had more problems with a new TL than we did with our two other MBs. In hindsight, interior is very bland. Handling is average - feels like a box on wheels, and corners poorly (never expected so much squealing). This car is meant for 40- 50 yr olds.
My brother, who had recently purchased a 2008 Acura TL S-Type, recommended that I test drive the car, and stop looking at more expensive cars that I was considering, such as the Jaguar XF and the Audi A6. Well, we are both now driving the same car, except his is Silver and mine is Pearl White. The car is solid, fast and luxurious. In Pearl White, the car is a very sexy sharp-looking car. I was sold within 5 minutes of the test drive, and the driving experience just gets better with time. It will take me time to learn how to use all the features that come with the car, but with the money I saved, I will study the owners manuals as I tan on the beaches in Southern Italy this summer
We previously owned an 03 Acura RL so we knew Acura reliability would be there. So far with about 5k miles we are pleasantly pleased. The S type auto handles very well - a good attempt of mixing sporty with luxury. All the options you want are there so there is no hassle picking a package. The quad exhaust pipes and rims are hardcore and this car will get you looks. We haven't experienced rattling noises in any situation so far. Minor issues such as poorly placed outlets and easily scuffed interior door is a no brainer trade-off when one considers overall value and cost.
Test drove Bmw 328 & 335 turned off by small interior space & expensive options (i.e. HID light for $800). Loved the engine, though. If you want sports sedan, go w/ bmw. TL is not a sports sedan, it's sporty, more like a comfortable cruiser & that's what I was looking for in a car. Test drove both regular TL & type s. Thought TL handled better & quieter. Was not too crazy about the rims & taillight treatment on type s & 4 tailpipes (look like some cheap aftermarket replacments, disappointed for 38K+ car). Like I said earlier, if you want a crusier, TL is it. No matter what Acura says as long as it's FWD, never will be a sports sedan but in daily drive, TL is enough for me. 
I have had my Type S for a month. There are a lot of nice details I keep finding. Was a bit leery about the "big" engine considering gas has since gone to over $4/gal. So far I notice hardly any difference from my 01 Accord V-6. I only have 1200 miles on the car but am getting 20 MPG around town and 29 on the highway (At 73 MPH). My Honda got 20/30 so I am getting 86 HP for the cost of premium! The only slight negatives are the wide turning circle and the Brembos seem a bit "grabby" when applied. The audio system is almost worth the price alone. I decide not to wait for the 09 as I did not want a bigger car nor a bigger engine.
I have a 97 Acura which was totally reliable, so I stuck with Acura when I purchased a new car. I am a middle aged woman who really isn't "in" to cars, but this one is just great. Am still working to familiarize myself with the bluetooth and navi; bluetooth is a bit contrary, but my husband says it is operator error. Just took a trip, and using cruise on straight empty TX highway, got 32 mpg! In town is about 22. My only problem is seeing past tall headrests in back, and wide posts dividing windows at side. Have had to reluctantly learn to trust mirrors more. It is so quiet and smooth, I find myself hitting 80 mph before I know it, and have to rein it in.all in all an amazing vehicle.
Everything about this car is amazing for its price. Standard equipment, styling, performance, fuel efficiency for the power it has, I can go on. However, not quite sure how long this car will last in the Minneapolis MN weather. It is a disaster driving in snow, even with traction control it scares me how much it slides and fusses around. Its quite the handful. I thought I had summer tires on it since I bought in North Carolina, but thats not the case. My prior 03 Type-S did much better in frozen precip.
I had obsessed about the TLsince October 2007. Went back and forth for months. Glad I waited (dealer incentives sealed the deal). Strong pull from the engine in all gears. The TL gets a little aggressive when I Punch it around 40 mph, dropping down one gear too many I think. The last road trip I took saw the tl break the triple digit mph barrier with little trouble, very smooth at 100. Fuel efficency is pretty good for a big v6, it will get close to 30 mpg on the highway. Even though it is the most expensive car I have owned, it is worth money and makes the 45-60 minute commute not that bad.
I have had my TL just over a week. What a car! My first Acura purchase and couldn't be happier. So far I am getting 25 mpg which better that I had anticipated. The TL rides so smooth and its also very fast. I love its cornering ability. The nav, voice, and blue tooth are perfect.
There is no joy driving my TL because upon acceleration at 2000 RPMs, it feels very rough like a grinding under the floor. After 2000 RPMs the rough feeling under the floor clears up. I have owned a lot of cars and our two other older vehicles (one of them is a truck and the other a small car) outperform this one. Other annoyances: when It rains and you open the trunk, water jumps the gasket and pours into the trunk space - debris too. There is excess noise when the moonroof is closed and the ceiling partition open when I'm on the freeway. I would like my 2005 TSX back. This is our fourth Acura and probably our last. I should not have to write a review like this.
Traded in my Lexus 330RX for the Acura TL. Thus far, the car has proven to be a rattle box. Center console rattles. Driver side windows rattle. Have had it back to dealer twice already to fix the problem. Basically, this car makes me miss the luxury and quality of my Lexus and makes me feel Acura is the company for those who cannot afford a Lexus, BMW, or Benz. Plus, in retrospect, I purchased a car whose style has been the same for what seems to be two decades now. It's outdated. At best, I am hopeful this car will be dependable because it's nothing special to drive nor look at.
I have had my 2008 TL for 3 months now. In normal city (Houston area) driving I get 22 mpg. On freeway driving, I get 30 mpg - better than rated. I have yet to take it more that 450 consecutive miles on freeways so it may edge down a little but it held at the 30 mpg mark until I got back into Houston rush hour traffic. I like so much about this car, but there are some small irritable things. Power outlets and MP3 jack are not conveniently located. It is difficult to get anything in dash outlet when car is in park. Fuel release is on floor right by door - on door or dash would be better. The front window posts are a bit large which causes some minor obstruction of vision. 
I traded in my '06 TL after 2.5 years - I needed a change. The 2008 TL-S w/auto surprised me with how much better it is! A bigger engine, daytime running lights, auto headlights, active noise cancelization, better brakes, better transmission (love the smooth downshifts), back-up camera, etc. It rides and drives much better than my 06! In carbon bronze it's a looker, too. I'm extremely happy with my TL-S!
Excellent performance. Good mileage in town driving, excellent mileage in highway driving. I really like the interior except the power outlets are not easily accessible. The dash outlet is difficult to use if car is in park and the console outlet is far down inside console. It is an exciting drive and power is more than adequate. I have not noticed the interior rattles others have commented on. Door panels do scuff easily.
Previously owned a 04 TSX, just got a TL Type S 6 speed, great car so for. Stereo w/XM and 6 channel surround is fabulous, shifter is slick, Type S seats are solid. Wheels are large (and a bit pimpy) but overall, a great car so far. Worried about mileage as this car but it absolutely flies.
I was apprehensive about buying a car that would soon be redesigned, but from what spy-photos I've seen, the 09 will not be nearly as handsome. After 15,000 miles, I'm am utterly in love with this car. Faster and more comfortable than my 05 TSX, I've never regretted buying this car. It still looks good, has a great performance/luxury compromise, and is built like a tank. There's is no better car for the money!
Sent my husband to test drive a regular TL. Well after he drove the Type S and the MDx sport and ent packg we had to get both. This is my second Acura. i also have an integra.. (1996) and it works just fine as well. Love how responsive this car is. Love the sporty pedals and love that all the options were included. I look for excuses to go out now.
I've had this car for about eight months, and so far, it's the best car I've owned. Love the v-tech and power, while the interior seats are very comfortable and accommodating. I can't stress enough how good a value this car is for the features it offers, and the fuel economy is also commendable for its size and engine. I only wish Acura could have invested a little bit more detail and care for interior build quality, as there are some squeaks and rattles, and my shoes easily scuff the the bottom of the door panels. Overall, I love this car!
I'm very happy with this car. Ride is a nice balance of firm but pleasant. It is a quiet car and the engine is only heard under hard acceleration (and the noise is pleasing). Great interior layout with sharp exterior styling. All the features you could want at a nice price. Engine is peppy and responsive, well-suited to the car. This car is the perfect balance of practical, fun, affordable and well-equipped. 
This Acura TL is a step up from a fully-loaded 2003 Accord V6 that I previously drove, and wife continues to love it despite 320,000 km on it (bought it brand new!). So far, I've had very little regret from choosing it over Audi A4 and Lexus IS 250. The car drives beautifully, esp. on the highway! This car gets the most bang for your bucks!
For the great lease you can not beat the value of this car, lots of options that cost extra or cannot get on other cars. The ride is a little on the stiff side especially when temps are below 30 degrees.
The bigger engine in the TL-S made a big difference to me. I was set to get a G35 until I drove the S model. Great quality, thrilling to drive. I LOVE this car. Only thing I don't like is the lip spoiler in the S. In fact, my wife loved it so much we got her a base model TL two weeks later!
I've had my eye on this car for over a year. I traded in my 05 TSX. The difference is amazing! The TSX was a great little commuter car, but the TL Type S is a mean machine on the road. I was considering an Infiniti G35 or a Lexus IS 350, but when you priced similarly equipped cars the TL blew them out of the water price wise. I have owned one acura and two hondas and this is by far the best value for the money and the most fun to drive.
I have had the car for under a week, no complaints at all.The car is an automatic and drives very smooth. I would recommend this car to anyone comparing it to a Lexus or a Mercedes. Apart from value of the vehicle, Acura offers reliability.
This little car really goes! Great 6m gearbox, super handling and good mileage for the package. My average is 25-28.The downside, lousy interior panels. My unit arrived "new" with a huge U shaped scratch on the dash in front of the steering wheel. Dealer is still fooling with resolution. I've since scuffed the door getting in & out and the wife put another one across the passenger side dash with her purse, yes a leather purse, while getting in. Beware pulling on hard acceleration, the TL can get a little hairy there. The interior is cramped and the tilt wheel stinks but if you are 6ft./215lb. and want 25 MPG this is one of the best deals going.
My first Acura, researched this auto a good 7 months prior to purchasing, it performed well up to my expectations, and I am extremely pleased with it. You can configure the nav to male/female voice. It was everything and more than the comparable BMW and Lexus, at a much better value. Purchased Moroccan red with A spec special Acura wheels and tires, so splurged a bit, also purchased with ground effects package, it's a blast to drive, solid, refined, and Im enjoying it!
I bought the Type S for a daily driver and have not been disappointed. Nice features, good ride and great performance. I can't believe the difference between the standard 3.2 TL and the 3.5 TL S. It was worth the extra money. 
I downgraded from a 2005 BMW 5-Series sedan because I needed a cheaper ride at this point in my life. This car is handsome, well built, and chock full of extras that cost at least $10K in the BMW 328xi that I was considering.
This is my 2nd TL. My previous TL was an '06, same base model. I grew up in an automotive family and have more automotive knowledge than most owners. My last couple of cars were a Porsche 944, an SHO, Maxima SE, a Lexis IS and a TSX. (Our other car is a Highlander AWD.) Simply the TL is the most satisfying car I have owned. The drive, the comfort, the reliability and relative economy of ownership are exceptional! The car does it all. It's a great highway cruiser - comfortable for four adults although a little tight in the back, responsive on a winding road and very quiet unless you jack up the fabulous audio system. Best bang for the buck! 
Used to own an Infiniti G35, This car is an excellent & fun car to drive, and has many options.
I purchased my TL after owning a Saab 9-3. The car is exactly what you expect from this type of Acura. This is my third Acura and plan on a new MDX this summer. The one thing that bothers me is that the TL is constantly compared to the Lexus IS, BMW 3-series, Infiniti G35, etc. However the TL is bigger than all of these cars and actually the size of the Lexus GS & M45.
Came to the dealer looking for a TSX, Ended up going home with the TL type S. Amazing ride for a performance veichle, love the aggressive look. I got the pearl white w/the grey rims, totally bad look. Love the bluetooth and navi, there are so many buttons though, could be more organzied! Great pickup, a real sleeper. Came to this car from a c230 kompressor. HUGE difference, car is much better built and easier to maintain gotta love honda's reliable and user friendly v-tech. Only 110 miles on the car but I feel I've made a great, reliable purchase. Plenty of room in the back for adults too! The only thing that is kinda crummy is the gas mileage, but hey, it's got power!
Where to begin? I can't believe that a $34K car can have so many features and such performance. Driving is fun again (and that's a challenge in Metro Atlanta traffic). The TL is a good-looking sports sedan that wants to go fast. The only drawbacks are that it's rather sluggish at low speeds and the cost of premium fuel (but that's the price you pay to get a decent engine). Incredibly, I'm 54, and this is my first Japanese car, but I don't think it'll be my last.
This car is everything my '05 Honda Accord wasn't... smooth lively engine, refined, responsive steeing & handling, high quality interior & exterior, great gas mileage for 258 hp. From the beginning, this car has exceeded my every driving expectations. The only other car I was considering was a used 06 BMW 330i, but with a $10k savings I'm only the wiser (and richer) without any compromises of the BMW! Highly recommended. A totally enjoyable ride! 
Leased the TL with Nav (White/Taupe) in Dec 07. (24 month lease). After drooling over more expensive cars like the ES350 and Passat 3.6, I finally decided to save some money and go for this outgoing Acura model. I traded in my '04 EX V6 top-of-the-line Accord. I am very disaapointed with the TL. The navigation system in my '04 Accord was far superior than the one in this '08 TL. The TL Nav does not offer a male voice anymore, nor does it have the Trip Computer graphs, or A/C controls on the Nav screen anymore. The ride quality is awful. I HATE the stiff suspension and the extremely bumpy ride. I can feel every little bump and pothole on the road. I wish I could sell this car right away!
You simply cannot get more for the money! You basically have 3 options: Type S or the regular TL with or without nav. To be able to get a sporty, yet luxurious fully loaded sedan with the nav. system for under $36,000 is unheard of. Don't get me wrong, I love the Lexus IS, Infiniti G35 and yes the BMW 3 series, but paying up to an extra $10,000 for some of these other models is just not worth it. It handles well and is just simply fun to drive with a ton of amenities that even make rush hour traffic seem trivial. Seriously, if you're looking for a new ride in this class, you owe it to yourself to check this car out. There has to be a reason for all the great reviews + TLs on the road
I had a budget up to 50 thousand and was looking at lexus and infiniti. Then decided to test drive tl-s and realized that it is the best car for my needs. It was one of the most quiet and comfortable cars, with enough power for daily commutes. The car is built with amazing quality in all the details inside/out. Fuel economy is decent - after 1400 miles computer shows 20 MPG with average speed 29 miles. I anticipate expensive maintenance on this car - tires, brakes, etc.
Just purchased this car. A used 08 with 20K on the odometer. What sold me was the incredible build quality, handling, comfort and the performance of the 2.4L VTEC engine. This is a fantastic sport/luxury sedan. Clean lines and no "fast and furious" body work. I'm used to an AWD sedan so I'm a little concerned about this car's bad weather handling with the Michelin Pilots. Have to wait and see. So far in the dry heat and heavy thunderstorms of summer, it's handled very well. The car inspires you to test it's limits. The VTEC is very eager to rev and run.
I know there are a lot of complaints about the low end torque. Let's put things in perspective though. It's a 2.4L 4 cylinder putting out 205 naturally aspirated horsepower. It does it in an extremely smooth manor too. Isn't that how a sport luxury sedan engine should perform? After driving everything from fire-breathing pushrod v8's to boxer 4's all I can say is this engine is a jewel. Honda/Acura builds the best 4 cylinders. Period. Smooth, powerful, economical. The gearing on the 5 speed auto is excellent. The interior is flawless. Everything where it should be and it's very comfortable. Awesome handling. Steering is perfectly weighted. Drive by wire throttle is very slick.
I've had this car for 2yrs now and overall I truly love it. I have it in pearl white w/ black leather interior and it looks great. The HIDs are awesome and the handling is top notch. The lights in the dashboard look nice (blue white and red) & are bright. The leather bucket seats are comfortable for me (I'm 5'4)and there is plenty of room inside. Driving feels extremely smooth and breaking is great. This is my first car and I'm scared to try a new one b/c I might be disappointed. I prefer the '08 model over the '09 simply b/c the exterior look can't be beat. I love this car & I don't want to give it up next yr when my lease is over. I recommend it to all who love a fun, safe, & reliable car!
I have owned a variety of makes and models. I have pretty much settled on Honda and Acura as the vehicles of choice for me. I sold an RL to get the TSX. I wanted something with better mileage and sportier look and feel. I am very happy with the TSX. It is smooth and stiff in the right places and times. The VTEC really hums when you crank up the RPM's. I am getting pretty good mileage too. 
This is my first experience with a Honda product. Purchased the car directly off the showroom floor. Beautiful black exterior with tan leather seats and wood grained interior; rear spoiler, loaded but without the navigation system. Unfortunately, the dash had a rattle from day one. After 6 trips (and counting) the dealership has not been able to resolve the rattle, and it continues to be worse and never stops - not something I expected from a Honda product. Previously I drove Ford Explorers, Mercedes C230 and Mercedes SLK 320. 
I've owned the TSX for a year now. I'm surprised about the inadequate gas mileage. My daughter owns the 1986 model TL, and she gets much better gas mileage than me! A new car? I do like the handling and the driving experience though. The sunroof controls are out of place. The stereo could produce a more quality sound that is reflective of the Acura sound. 
After owning this car for about 8 months I have to say this car is amazing. Excellent performance and reliability. The car handles like a dream for its size and it's perfect in the snow with standard tires. Took it on 3 long trips which were about 2400 miles and the fuel economy on the highway was 34 mpg with premium fuel and city averages around 27 mpg. Was looking at Lexus is 250 and Infiniti g35 but got the TSX fully loaded with nav package for at least 7-10k less and the Acura dealers offer amazing customer service. 
Coming from a long line of Civics (parents bought me a new '98 Civic LX sedan my freshman year of college, moved on to a '03 Civic LX coupe, then a '03 Civic LX sedan, and finally a '99 Civic EX coupe) you would think buying an Acura would be a no-brainer. My next car was going to be a 06-07 WRX, however I wasn't ready to buy one in 06 and I couldn't land a good deal on an 07. I test drove the 6-speed TSX and was sold, offers luxury and refinement ALONG WITH great looks and sporty handling. People complain about the power, but with the closely geared 6-speed transmission I really don't think I'd need any more power unless I was tracking the car. I love this car!
I had a Jeep Wrangler for 11yrs, & wanted something in this class. I looked at the Audi A4, BMW328, G35, & thought the Acura was the best all- around car. CPO, 14k miles. I've had for 3 weeks & have been very happy. It's been an early winter so far, & the car has generally been great in the snow (this was my main reason for contemplating the AWD models like A4).
I found this to be a joy to drive from the moment I test drove it in crisp Alaska October. The handling has been great even on snowy roads. All I hope for now is just a tad bit more thrust, say an additional 75 horses would be nice. I have had a few issues with the hands free but over all love the car, and the deal I got made me felt I stole it.
After owning German cars for 20 years I've switched to a TSX. This was the only Japanese car that had a German "feel" to it, but with none of the reliability issues that have plagued my German car ownership experience. German cars, when not in the shop, are still the benchmark for interior design and driver handling, but the TSX comes so close that it won me over from selecting a Jetta GLI. The driving feel is very Euro, with stiff steering, taught suspension, and would perform very well on the autobahn as it is the Euro Accord. I'm looking forward to a long trouble free ownership. 
Previous vehicles were all VWs so you can imagine my surprise that I now have a reliable vehicle. I love the way the car handles on the road and the pick up is a plus. The interior is very comfortable as I am 5"10" tall and don't at all feel cramped. Got a great deal at the end of the year and liked the '08 model much more than the "09 model that was about to come out.
Previous vehicles were all domestic trucks/SUVs. This little car is big on fun, features, & value. 6-sp transmission is the way to go - crisp and smooth. Could use more torque off the line, but then again I'm averaging 26 mpg with about 60/40 city/hwy driving. Exterior design is clean and has a "smart" look to it. Interior is cozy, with soft to the touch materials, and also feels bigger than it actually is. Had a great experience with dealer; all done over the phone. If you're looking for the perfect balance of design, style, performance, and economy, this simply can't be beat at the price point.
This is a great car, with excellent features for its price. I have been driving it for about a week and I love it. Nice handling and great gas mileage. Sure, some people would want a little more HP, but its works fine for me and I have no problems passing other cars. I have the parchment interior with wood trim, it just looks magnificent. Dealer gave an offer that we couldn't refuse. About the same size as my old 2005 Infiniti G35 so it works out great. Been looking to switch to Acura after buying an Accord last year and now my wife drives the Accord and I have the Acura. 
Love the look of the car. Worse when it comes to gas mileage. Would be better if premium gas was not required. However, the memory seats are great!!
Though I miss it greatly, I traded in my Tahoe z71 due to gas prices. As a serious car buff i searched long and hard for a good car to purchase that i could take to college. Factors included attractiveness, performance, gas mileage, comfort, resale value, MSRP, and expected yearly cost including gas. The TSX has filled its position nicely, performing and driving better than my girlfriend's 2009 model. My notes are as follows; allow a break in period as it is required to get to peak performance, 65-70 on a flat trip you will get well over 30 mpg, the car does turn heads, the leather on the seats creases easily, the kick plates will chip quickly, and it is well worth it to add a cold air intake.
After a 92 and 98 Accord, I decided to upgrade to the Acura TSX. So far after almost 6 months I am not disappointed. This car is fun to drive and sporty, yet still gets awesome mileage (I have gotten mid 30s on pure highway). Commuting mileage is OK and can get mid 20s. For the price you get so many features found in many higher level models. Audio is OK, but not the car's high point. However almost all the features can be found on the new 8th gen Accord (minus HID headlights and bluetooth phone), in a much bigger but more powerful car. Above all, this car is a Honda. Dependable, great resale value, laundry list of standard features. 
The TSX is a study in less being more. It may only have 205-hp and a 4-cylinder, but the power delivery is so smooth and the revs come so quickly that it feels quick none the less. It'll never win you pink slips, but it will certainly move you on the back roads. It's not RWD, but it still feels supple and balanced. Steering is too heavy for the Camry crowd, but enthusiasts will appreciate the extra weight and feel. The 6-speed and clutch are so slick and easy to use that the car is easy to wring out when the desire arises (or every time you drive it). The interior build quality is excellent, though the sound system is flat. Never liked Hondas before; the TSX's Euro-breeding fixed that
Very economical for a luxury brand. 25 MPH in city. High in quality. One problem is that it takes premium gas. Excellent pick up. Third Acura I have owned. Other two were Integras. Will always stick with Acura.
I previously owned a Saturn and the upgrade to the Acura TSX has been unbelievable. I have not had a single problem with the car. Not only is it much more comfortable but I am currently getting 31 mpg with highway only driving. This does drop to 22-25 with mixed highway/city driving in dallas but I have very little to complain about with this car for the cost.
The steering, transmission, clutch and the running gear are all in tune. This is a very solid sports car feel, in a small sedan, still with ample room for 4 people. Having had Hondas since 1986, this was a major step up for me, and the car is solid, planted and fun to drive. Too bad that it has to use premium gas, buy that's the way Honda gets 205 HP out of the 2.4L four cylinder. This is a driver's car, with a nicely snubbed-up ride that is not harsh.
I bought the '08 TSX for my wife. My wife actually likes the '08 better. I prefer the '09, but love what we got for the money. The car is solid and I maybe just becoming a Honda guy. The value here is way more than you see with the European cars, so I don't think I'll be buying another BMW. Plus the future maintenance costs with this car are much lower than BMWs.
I test drove Lexus IS250 (2008), BMW 325i (2006), MBenz C230 (2006/2007) & Infiniti G35 (2006), Acura TL (2007). I decided on a brand new Acura TSX for reliability, low maintenance and other factors. It has nice interior, every option standard for a lot less. It handles great in the corners, stops swiftly, has good initial pickup, little slow from jumping from 70mph to 90mph. I have started to really like this car now. I plan to trade this in after 3 years for a BMW. It holds its value well. :)
My TSX is a great sports sedan that has enough room to carry 4 adults but still small enough for efficient daily commuting with only the drive. This vehicle replaced my Altima, and I love its smaller size and increase in power. The seats at first were very stiff, but after 2 weeks & 350 miles, they broke in and are now very comfortable. For normal in-town commuting and highway driving, this car is very lightweight and nimble. Personally, I do not need the V6 power, and this car's inline-4 delivers very well.
I love this vehicle to death! There is no car out there that will come close in value, comfort, stereo system, appearance and last but not least the price! This is a luxury sports sedan that is totally amazing. This car is quick and fast for a 4 cylinder. Get the TSX! Totally awesome car! Can't beat it!
Great car. Very fun to drive and very difficult to take foot off the gas to slow down even though the 0-30 mph could use some help after that its a rocket. Great standard features that require no further addition. Good price and overall value. Initial MPG is not so good. First 2 weeks of ownership: city: 16-18 mpg highway: 18-22 mpg. I hope it gets better as the car is broken into. 
This car replaces a 2004 TSX manual without the Nav and no built in XM. This a great car for the money. There is no other model out there with the same features and quallity for the price (aroung 30k). The 08 car has a lot more bells and whistles than the 04 version and I love it. The biggest downside to this car is the underpowered engine. I had a manual last time and went with the automatic this time... big mistake. The manual allows you to get much more power out of the engine.
I looked at Lexus, BMW 3s, Audi, Benz & Infiniti. Feature to feature, sticker to sticker, NO CONTEST. Classy look, beautiful interior, every option standard (not nav.) for $5-10K less. I've owned 2 Hondas before, 1 Audi, and 1 MB-E class. This is a great car for those $3.50+ per gal. fill-ups without feeling like you are stuck with a boring ride. It handles great in the corners, stops swiftly, hauls tail on the freeway and still gets my blood pumping. I love this car, but when they get a V-6 or turbo, I'm soooo there! I needed better mileage, which the TSX delivers (26 in major traffic everyday). The TL was too heavy feeling for me and I know I would be getting WAY too many speeding tickets
Replaced '03 TL-S and while I miss the power of the V6, the trade off of better handling and trimmer size was worth it. Good power above 3000 RPM, responsive manumatic makes it easy to stay in the power band when needed. Build quality is flawless. Fuel mileage has been the only disappointment-only 24MPG, about the same as the heavier more powerful TL. Overall, I am very happy with this car, and think it is a great value.
If you're looking for loads of power, don't buy this car. But if you are looking for good gas mileage and a car with a lot of options with a little luxury and sport, this is the car for you.
Just got my 2008 TSX. I drove the car online using Acura's virtual system and found it to be perfect. I spent less than 30 minutes at the dealership to get a feel for the real car. After a couple of days of haggling my TSX was shipped from Lexington. This is about the 10th Honda/Acura that I have owned and the TSX has the least peppiest motor of them all. My salesperson described the TSX as an Accord on steroids and I would have to say that the statement is accurate. Acceleration is boring but the rest of the car fits me perfectly. Not sure if they changed the stock stereo system in 2008 but my stereo sounds great. It works great with my iPod.
Previously had an Audi A4 which was a great car. When we looked at a new one, the cost of options was horrendous and in packages. Heated seats were $700! Acura had all inclusive pricing below 30,000. Michelin tires as well. Great package... very comfortable. Only difference is stiffer steering due to front wheel drive.
I am coming off a Mazda 3i 2005 and I loved that car. I was looking at the Honda Accord, Camry SE, and the VW Jetta in addition to the 2008 TSX. I test drove all the above and hands down the TSX drove the best. It was the fastest and the best handling. Besides driving excellent, this car has all the extras (standard) that you would want. My favorites are the Bluetooth and auxiliary input for your iPod. Also, I am not sure what people expect out a stock radio but the TSX?s radio is great. I got the car in black and tinted the windows and this baby looks great. In my opinion the TSX is the best car for the money right now.
I have owned 4 Hondas (3 Accords and 1 Civic), so I knew Acura was an easy choice. However, I have been surprised by the overall superior experience I've had in driving this car. I also considered the Infiniti G35, BMW 325xi, and Audi A4 but found that with comparable options, their price tags were far too high when compared to the TSX. Solid performance, exceptional build quality, great fuel economy, and brand cache at "value" pricing. Who could ask for more?
I am extremely happy with my desision. This is a GREAT car. I came from an 06 Mazda 3 and this car is better in almost every sense. To me, the stereo is great. The power is more than adequate and it is just an over all excellent value. For those who may be hesitant, it is almost impossible to not like this car. It may not be your dream ride, but is an excellent compromise.
After tons of research, and lots of test drives, I chose the TSX because it met my criteria at a reasonable price. Car had to be fun to drive, peppy off the line, comfortable, have lots of gadgets (except navi), reasonable gas mileage, and be reliable. (Previous car was MB C220, which I loved, so it was hard to chose next car. Felt new C class too austere/unrefined on inside for the price.) I've driven 2,000+ miles since November purchase and have found this to be a great car. It has plenty of power for surface and freeway driving, decent gas mileage (23 mpg), great handling, and super nice interior. No problems at all. This car loves the freeway... best ride and handling at high speed.
It does nothing really special, but does nothing poorly. The longer I have it, the more I like it. I bought it looking for cheap car that was also reliable with good resales. It does all that and more.
I recently returned a lease of a 2006 BMW 3251 6M. I am a loyal Honda-ist and am very pleased to be back on familiar ground. The BMW was a great car, but this is more like putting on a familiar old coat. The TSX may have missed by not having a V6, but overall this car is more satisfying and full of features that I love. The handling is not the same as RWD, but I have quickly forgotten that car and feel more confident in this TSX. I couldn't be happier.
My previous car was a VW Jetta (w/ Turbo). I was looking at 3 series BMWs, Lexus IS 250 and the TSX. I ended up with the TSX and could not be happier. After reading reviews I was worried that the car would not have the pick-up I desired. I envisioned it being like my brother's civic. Not the case and in fact I don't notice much of a differnce outside of not have the turbo kick-in at 6000 rpms. I also thought the body was somewhat plain at first, but have since grown to love it. This is a great car for anyone in the entry level luxury sedan market.
We just got this car last week. After you get past all the fun gadgets and solid interior, it's an amazingly fun car to drive around town. The engine is surprisingly peppy for a 4-cylinder, and the work they've put into the suspension really shows. I'm not a car guy, but when you go around a corner, it's amazing compared to the other cars I tried. It's a perfect daily driver that can also get you grinning on the twisties. Navigation system is great, love the fact that all the other amenities are included!!
This is my 4th "Honda" and 2nd Acura over the years. The ride is quite smooth with very little bumps to be felt. The car is semi sporty so the suspension will be a little stiff. My wife made a note at how it felt like we were going 40mph when I was actually doing 75mph. It is small enough to fit into small space and large enough to fit a family. The navi is just wonderful and so easy to use. For a 4 cyl, it has nice pick up. We have an RDX that has the turbo, I cannot imagine how fast the tsx would be with 260hp. I hear the 2009 may have this?
My eye's been on this car for some time, but after my first test drive, I thought it was a bit anemic under the hood. Decided it was best to wait for the '09, but then saw a great lease deal and test drove again. Realized with good use of the manumatic, you can really bring out performance. So pulled the trigger on the deal and have no regrets. It's a fully loaded little beasty that's just great to drive. Would match it up against the Lexus IS 250 any day for 5k less.
I don't agree with posters who aren't satisfied with the engine's power. I'm getting up to 35mpg on highway and never less than 31 mpg on a mixed driving tank. The car has plenty of zip for me (pleasant surprise) and handles very well. The technology provided is useful (bluetooth, homelink). The stereo is ok but not great, seats are most adjustable and comfortable. Agree with some that looks are mundane but I don't see the outside of the car when I'm driving. The cost to features ratio is very high. I've driven the car three months and 2500 miles. No problems and the interior is big enough, I'm 6 feet.
I went from a 1993 Honda accord with 250,000 mi on it to this brand new 2008 TSX 6 speed manual. The car is fun to drive, love the interior, tame when you want it to be, and gives you that push back in your seat feel. Plus it is fully loaded. Your options are, with nav or without. This is what I did not like about the Lexus IS 250, you had to compromise on gadgets.
I focused my search to upgrade my ride from a long-in-the-tooth '98 Civic EX (168,00 miles and still going strong) on the Honda and Toyota lines. I wanted an economical sedan that was an upgrade from a Civic. I considered Solara, Camry, Lexus IS, and Accord. The TSX was an easy winner - based on value, appearance, size, and performance. My wife drives an '05 Accord and when we first test drove the TSX, she said "It looks like my Accord". Let me assure you, this is definitely not an Accord. The TSX is shorter and narrower than an Accord (it is actually more similar in size to my Civic). From a performance standpoint this car has great road feel. Try it, you will like it.
In Japan and Europe, TSX is called Honda Accord. And this Accord is not the same as the one my dad used to drive. Acceleration is good and feels fantastic when you down shift and mash the gas pedal. Just keep the rpm above 5K and it will keep you smiling. If you want to pass someone in a hurry doing 70 in 6th gear, forget about down shifting to 5th or 4th. Just go straight to 3rd gear open it up and feel the rush as the bigger cam kicks in at close to 6000 rpm all the way to the redline. It doesn't sound/feel harsh at high rpm. Handling is best part of TSX. Being 4 cyclinder makes TSX handle better than cars with bigger engines, and I'll take better handling over extra torque anyday.
I've driven over 40000 miles per year for the last 15 years and I used to think "a car is a car". Not any more - the TSX changed that! After 4700 miles in 5 weeks I still can't wait to drive the TSX. I am much more involved in driving the TSX, probably because input and response is excellent. Compared to my last "big 3" vehicle this is a definite step-up at a very similar cost. This car likes to run with the big dogs! It doesn't know it is considered an entry level sport sedan.
This is my first upscale sedan - a big step up from Honda Civic. Wanted to stay with the Honda family so Acura is a good fit. The TSX fits my desire for a smaller sedan, I hate driving big cars. It handles well on the highway and is comfortable to drive. Very happy overall especially in this price range. Am a bit disappointed in sound system but it will do. The navi system is a neat feature but not as easy to use or as comprehensive as I had hoped. Maybe the experience will improve in time as it is all new and I just purchased the vehicle. Great fit and finish inside. 
I bought this to replace a '98 Volvo S70 as my daily commuter car. Decision keys were reliability, comfort/ride, sporty handling and gas mileage. I have had the TSX only for 700+ miles and it's very fun to drive with more creature comforts than any competitor and I'm getting 32.6 actual MPG in 80% hwy/20% city Boston commuter traffic. I didn't get nav as I know how to get to/from work and top of the line Garmin is $1300 less than Acura nav. system. Weekends jaunts are smooth fun and it fits the family of 4 just fine. Not as fancy or stylish as IS-250/BMW 3 series, but it looks fine and is also about $7-9k less!
This is our second TSX (we have a 2004) and we couldn't be more pleased with this car. We considered Audi A4, Lexus IS 250 and BMW 3-Series before settling on a second TSX. They each had their strong points, but none of them really balanced the equation of price, performance, economy, features and reliability that the TSX manages. This has got to be the hidden gem of the Acura lineup. Check it out or you may just be disappointed with your next purchase! 
Starting off with the negative. The TSX is underpowered for this segment. It also has pretty bland exterior styling. I would also expect better mileage for a 4 cyl engine. Radio is just awful. That said, it is fun to drive and no other car comes close to standard features for the price. Interior of the car is well designed and well made. Everything is well placed and comfortable except the station knob for XM radio. Steering wheel controls only scroll through the presets and if one wanted to simply change stations to something not set as a preset, the reach is a little far while driving. Seats are comfortable, but in a sporty way and they hold the driver in place. Very satisfied overall.
Gas mileage over 30 for 205 HP car. It is just unbeliverable. Drives like sports car still have plenty of room and cargo. 
Fun to drive. Awesome ride. Very easy to use, yet comprehensive navigation system. Overall best purchase I ever made.
It was at the Atlanta Auto Show that I fell in love with the Audi A3. My current car due end of its lease was a 2006 VW Touareg. A wonderful SUV yet it was not something I would ever get again unless diesel was offered. Simply put, small engine pulling around a heavy car. Out of all the cars I saw that day, I decided the A3 was the one. Next day I leased a metallic grey pearl, open sky, premium package, and s-tronic automatic. The 2.0 engine, I believe, coupled with a flawless DSG will allow this car to drive well beyond 100,000 miles. The Open Sky, while novel, and great if rear passengers are present, is very hot in the summer. 
I had read other reviews that indicated tire noise could be a problem, especially with the Pirelli P6 tires. I thought I had escaped that fate as the first year was great; lot's of fun to drive, average 32.5 mpg overall, reasonably peppy and good brakes and handling. After the 16,000 miles service and tire rotation the tire howl began. I returned to Audi service who tell me that alignment and suspension are in spec and the tires are cupped which is causing the road noise. The noise has only gotten worse. Plenty of tread left but unless the Pirelli tire dealer I see Saturday does something to adjust this, I will have to report to Audi and Pirelli that they have lost a customer for life.
This is a great car if you like going to the dealer. Mechanically, it is perfect but the build quality is a disaster. Handles great, fast, average over 30 mpg in a mixed commute. Easy to park in the city. All of the doors have been taken apart for wiring harnesses being out of the clips. The radio was a mess. Seat belt receiver replaced, etc. Now I have 2 mystery rattles, the drivers door handle and an exhaust rattle. 
I posted a review after I bought my Audi last August raving about it. I now wish to retract my raves! The ride and fun level are all great...but I am burning thru a quart of oil about every 1000 - 1500 miles! I can't even make it to a regular oil change without the light coming on or me putting oil in it sometimes twice. Terrible! I am dumping this thing before it dies on me. I drive 120 mile a day and can't risk being left on the side of the road, Audi care or not! I am going back to a Honda or Toyota...loved both! Too bad, such a beautiful car.
This is my forth Audi. I've had two 5000's an A6 quattro and now this 2008 A3 2.0T 6A. My wife drives it most of the time. We both love it. Have 11700 miles on it. No trouble at all. I highly recommend the ca.
After the fuel crunch I decided to get rid of my Mercedes E-500 AMG. I looked for fun, reliability, some luxury, good dealer service and a car that was practical. And I found all of it in the A3. Tried the 3.2 version and it ws not much better. I love driving and commuting on my A3. Nothing fails and if you go on-line you can find a few "easter-eggs" that Audi engineers left as a gift in hiding. It handles like a sports sedan and hums like a sprts car. It is just the perfect car for the person with a few bucks, without the need to be a show-off.
With only 5,000 miles on my brand new A3, the power window is broken, the power seat for the driver is broken, and now the transmission is giving problems. I will never buy another Audi again. This is the most problamatic car I have ever had, worst than the old Ford Explorer. I am going to ask for a refund. 
Having driven my A3 for 7+ months now, I am very happy with this purchase. My previous car was a Subaru WRX, which made me consider what I would give up in performance with an A3. Well, now I realize that for 99% of my driving, the Audi provides more than what I need. (That 1% is pushing it beyond my comfort zone anyways.) The A3 gives you refined power and handling. It is a smart blend of style and practical considerations in a sports sedan. It has been a very responsive, comfortable, and rewarding driving experience. 
This is my 7th Audi including A4s and a TT. I love this car! The 2.0 engine is a tremendous improvement over the old 1.8. The A3 is quick, has great handling, is nicely appointed and is a kick to drive. New car pricing is a bit hefty, but I bought mine at the end of the year and saved a lot. In '08, if you wanted AWD you had to buy the 3.2L engine, and the price got pretty high. I understand that they are working on the pricing issue for '09. My wife has an Acura MDX, but now she's borrowing the A3 whenever she can grab it. 
First road trip with the car using sport shifting with the dsg and was completely gobsmacked by the performance of this car. Goes like stink, handles the curves like it's nobody's business and that transmisssion is without a doubt the best in the world and worth the extra cash. Throw the back seats down, throw the dog in, and off you go. Lots of room for two with luggage and that's all you need. Gas mileage is superb for a car with this performance. Too bad is has to be high test but you can't get everything. Ipod setup is easy but info on instrument panel could be a little more informational and clearer. But just go drive (faster if possible) you will love this car
This is a great car, and I have had plenty to compare it to. I also own a Prius, which I kept, but I wanted a "fun" car, and I got that. I know everyone raves about the automatic, but frankly I love the stick shift. It is very responsive, and once you get use to the great distance the clutch goes in (I am only 5'4") shifting is very smooth! I have an hour drive to and from work everyday, and this has made it a pleasure!
I wanted a sports coupe, but couldn't live without a backseat and some cargo space. The A3 completely fits the bill. Great engine; amazing transmission; handles like it's on rails. Small size makes it tossable and zoom with an efficient engine, but the A3's real secret weapon is the practical space. Audi doesn't want you to know this, but the back seat in the A3 is bigger than that in the A4. My kids love it! True, it is not a bargain, if you price things on a per-inch basis, but if you value things because of how good they are, not just how big, you will love this car.
After owning several Audi vehicles, I can say that i'm a big Audi fan. So, when it was time to change my car again, I took to my local Audi dealer for my base model A3 with DSG. This car is great and I saved a good amount of money by not choosing many costly options. I'm pretty much happy with all standart equipment such as dual A/C, great stereo, excelent transmission, well designed and built interior and exterior. If you want a Audi vehicle, beware of costly options. This car can go well over $30k with a few check marks on the option list. Oh, did I mention how great the gas mileage is?
I test drove many vehicles for about 6 months. Between them were BMW 328x & 335x, Acura RDX, BMW X3, Infiniti G35x and Lexus IS 250 AWD. Audi A3 overall had all the features that I wanted, AWD, cargo flexibility, compact size, powerful engine and a good level of luxury. The A3 is impressive the way it handles. Coming from a previous S4 I was worried that the car wouldn't satisfy me but it has proved me wrong. I like this vehicle more and more as a continue to drive it. 
My Audi A3 6MT is a blast to drive. It has mostly every feature I could ever want. It gets great mileage, is comfortable, fun, sexy. If you're looking at a cheap BMW 3 series, but don't want to spend $38K to get the options you want, but don't want to settle for a VW, then this is the car for you. Audi really knows what they are doing! 
I've had this car now for a few months and am still impressed. I reviewed all the others in its class with extensive test drives for its competitors. The package is unmatched - performance, looks, build quality. This is the sexiest wagon on the road bar none. Strong selling points were: Great gas mileage 26/31 (actual). Adaptive lighting - to be able to see that deer around the corner before you hit it. DSG - Audi Innovation. Super smooth - six speed. Speed sensitive steering - No other car in its class has this. Overall, very few do. Easy steering in the parking lot that tightens as you go faster. Blue Sky package. Top notch audio - stock system rock too. Price/performance
Having been a BMW loyalist the last 8 years, buying a hatchback from Audi was a huge leap of faith. It was, however, the best decision I could have made. If you don't get silly with some of the options, this vehicle provides the optimum balance of performance, fuel economy, prestige, utility, and comfort. There are plenty of other cars that do each of these better, but the whole of the A3 is greater than the sum of its parts. Taking off ramps at 25+ MPH gives me the same giddiness as my last BMW did. It turns heads, and the interior is extremely well thought out. The trunk holds a lot of space, the mileage it gets is quite respectable, and it turns heads wherever I drive.
I'm nearing 1 year of ownership! Haven't put on many miles (13k), but most were hard miles through Boston. Car was outstanding in the winter, traction control and stability performed very nicely. I was considering the Quattro when I bought it, but now I'm glad I didn't spend the extra 8k, it's not worth it. No mechanical problems to speak of. I found out that a golf bag won't fit in the back without putting the seat down. Maybe time to upgrade to an A4 Wagon? If only it had the A3 interior. Oh yea, and for those confused by the fact you can't tilt the windshield wipers up in the winter before a storm, turn the car off then hit the wiper lever, they come half way up! 
I love this car. Really fun to drive, sticks like glue to curves, great visibility, sporty but comfortable driving experience. I test drove a lot of small cars before deciding on this one, and preferred it to the A4.
This is an awesome car and fun to drive. Would recommend this over 3 series any day. Shifting is really smooth and the acceleration is great, got upgraded stereo and S-line package and I feel it was worth the money... stiffer seats/suspension. Heated seats work great and the AC cools down nice and quickly.
After years with an A4 Avant, this has not been a step down at all! I figured I would be sacrificing space and luxury for MPG and the convenience of a compact, but not really the case; roomy interior and meticulous detail (I could live without the carbon fiber trim look, however). Way easier to park in the city, better mileage, and far quicker than the A4. Overall, if you don't need the Quattro I can't see a reason to get a new A4 Avant when this option is out there. 
Just purchased my A3, and after driving about town a bit now, I can say with certainty that this is a unique ride. Just like BMWs seem to combine refinement with performance, this car does the same, with a bit more raw feeling, less cush. If you are even thinking about a BMW, or one of the many alternative, do not let the A3 slip your list, this car is great! It's like play toy that has all the creature comforts you could want.
Needed a hatchback for our big dog. At least got that goal accomplished. Other than that: short gear ratios (2,500 rpm at 60mph) ruin the gas mileage. No fun at all on highway / interstate. What is the point putting the GTI gearbox (built for 16 year olds) in an Audi? Same audience? Car seems to have some kind of slope sensor. Transmission doesn't shift up when going up hill. Car runs uphill at 3,000 rpm and need shift manually i.o. to save gas. DSG transmission is nice but hypersensitive. It's a roller coaster ride when car is cold. A/C has a mind of it's own and takes a scientist to operate. Blower keeps changing speed. No homelink. No self-contained sun visor upgrade available. 
Bullet fast. Sticks to the road like glue. Modern interior design. Awesome sound system. Torque and horsepower to spare. Quattro all wheel drive. This car is worth every penny, and is truly a driver's car. The A3 3.2 is a total blast to drive. Spent the better part of 1 year comparing the A3 3.2 Quattro to the IS 250 AWD, Infiniti G35, Acura TL, and the BMW 325xi. The Audi is the thinking man's BMW, whatever that means. Gas mileage not all that great, but nobody buys a 250 hp v6 for the gas mileage... you buy it for the big grin it puts on your face when you hammer the throttle. I love this car, go buy one now!
Great car. Driver's car. Not floaty like IS 250 or G35. Very responsive, fast, engine has a very nice growl to it. Quattro is unmatched, do the research. 3.2 liter engine + Quattro = 0-60 in 5.9 at least. Tons of great standard options such as autodimming mirrors, bose upgraded audio system, rain sensing wipers. I love this car. 
We came on the lot looking for an A4 and drove off with this one instead. The baseline A3 is pretty boring, but the S-Line is amazing! The Blue Sky package makes this car look very unique. Also got Sirius radio with the Bose audio package. The sound couldn't be any more clear. We'll follow-up if anything bad happens, but so far so awesome! If you go to Audi of Tysons Corner, make sure you ask for Ron! Very cool guy and extremely low intensity.
Just a little time with this car, but it has proven to be an excellent upgrade from my typical conservative Japanese sedan class of cars that I have driven for years. Fun, sporty, economical (best gas mileage in the class) and the engine and transmission are amazing. 
Had the car a little more than 3 weeks. 2.0T w/ S-Line. Test drove the 3.2 but it felt too heavy with the 6 cyl. and quattro. Plenty of kick in the 4 cyl. The S Tronic shifters are responsive and addictive.
The car don't last. I have a 2008 A4, and the engine is terrible. I have had it in service 3 times and it's there again. They don't know how to fix it.
After driving BMWs,Cadillac, Porsche, Infinity; I test drove the A4 after seeing a 329/month lease in the paper. After my first test drive I was sold. Since buying, I like the car more each day.Audi engineers are brilliant.Car handles like it's on rails,the AWD is incredible, the paddle shifters fun, driving in sport mode is a blast.It's very easy to get the speed governor to engage around 130. After slight turbo lag off the jump(which I improved by putting in a K&N air filter and using 93 octane fuel), once the engine has enough air compression, the turbo blasts the car forward. Interior compenents are all high quality.Leather seating surfaces are top notch. Wife also likes it a lot!
Purchased this as a cert pre owned for a great price. Had only 10000 miles on it and jumped on it. Very enjoyable to drive and love the comfort of the seats. Was looking at G35 also but for the money the Audi I thought was a better car. 
This is my first Audi. I was driving a 6 cyl. VW Passat before this and had never owned a 4 cyl. car, so I was a little nervous about getting the 2.0T. I am pleasantly surprised with this motor. Although there is a little lag pulling out into traffic now and then, I can't complain. Fit and finish are superb and I love the way it looks. I leased in July 2008, so I can't wait to see what 2011 has to offer. 
I have had several Audi's over the past 15 years as well as several Jeeps. This latest purchase with the 3.2 is outstanding. Power, all weather ability with utility and sport car manors. This package does it all. The MMI is great. Did a three hundred mile loop from New York to Boston and got 29 mpg. Got it with the Audi Certified program so great deal with new car warranty. Very, very happy.
I leased this A4 last May and it continues to get better. This is my first Audi and it will not be my last. I have had a great experience with Momentum Audi in Houston and have had no troubles with the vehicle at all. I'm getting amazing gas mileage, up to 26 in city and usually 32/33 on highway. 
Purchased w/8000 miles. Went from 2001 Maxima. Car is great. No complaints. Very cozy and quick. So much electronics that I get lost in the car (a good thing). Gas mileage is terrific, about 23 overall. Got 36 on a 400 mile highway trip. Wheels are a little hard to keep clean of brake dust. Never drove a car so perfect.
This is a great car to drive, highway drive is very good on gas. The car has great pickup going in to traffic. I would buy another the car handles well.
I bought this car about 5 months ago and it's awesome! The only things I don't like about it are the cup holders under the arm rest and the slight lag out the gate. The lag is random. It's weird, but it depends on the day. The engine is definitely affected by extreme temperatures. 
We looked high and low to find an A4 equipped with the 3.2 six and the manual gearbox. We decided to factory order one and discovered that production had already halted to make room for the '09 (B8) model. That one wasn't available with the six-speed manual so it looked like the less intersting 328Xi was going to get the nod when the dealer found a car equipped like we wanted (basicly, equipped with everything) in Riverside California. I was going to be there on business, and I arrainged to pick the car up there and my wife (it's her car) drove it back to Tulsa. She and I love the car. From the GPS nav to the smooth shifting six- speed, it's a sedan that puts a smile on your face. 
This car looks great and drives even better. It has comfortable seats and the engine runs very smoothly. The A4 convertible is a cross between a sports car and a luxury car and it clearly has good features of both. While there is always room for improvement, I am very pleased with how it handles and the multitude of features.
My 2008 Audi A4 Quattro burns oil at a rate of 1 quart per 1000 miles. The oil level warning came on at 6000, 10000 and 14000 miles. Each time I had it checked at the dealer where it was purchased and was told each time that no leaks were found and that it was operating normally. They also measured the aforementioned burn off rate according Audi guidelines and informed me that it was "well within Audi specifications and no action is required." These engines are problematic and Audi knows it. 
Really pleased with my lease of this car after one year. Only one issue with a brake light sensor after 1 year of ownership and the dealer fixed it right away. Highway mileage is fantastic, but pure city driving gives poorer than I hoped. But overall, power and handling are the best! This is the funnest car I've ever driven. Trunk space the best of all convertibles I tested.
I started out gunning for a Saturn VUE. But it does not come with a moon roof so I tried on the Audi A4 quatro for size - performance - finish. It does not disappoint. My first reaction to driving it: A little noisy. Initially reminded me of a diesel - albeit a fairly quiet one. The noise level is most noticeable when first accelerating. Once under way the noise level recedes and is forgotten. Finish & performance wins raves. Safety features - brakes - road stability - guages placement underscore diligent design engineering. This car gives you the feeling it was designed by engineers who like driving cars. Cars that envelope you in comfort; safety. Road stability is totally reassuring.
 I am an america living in Germany and have really been able to push this car to its limits. For a four cylinder this car moves, There is a significant lag in the turbo when not in the "S" setting (S-lines) At 140 miles an hour for 40 miles I averaged about 19 MPG and same road at 70MPH 33.6 MPG.
I bought this car in brilliant black with black leather interior, after researching and test driving cars from the famous five (BMW (1 and 3 series), Infinity G37, Lexus IS, Acura TL). In terms of exterior looks and interior quality and design, Audi beats all the others hand down. I have always had a soft corner for Audi when compared to BMW (a personality trait of always siding with the underdogs). This car has however met and exceeded my expectations in nearly every department. It drives and handles like a charm in all driving conditions. There are however, a few issues that I had hoped would be resolved in the 2009 model but they remain largely unaddressed. They are discussed below
This is my first car in 15 years - live in NYC. I have the manual A4, titanium, iPod, Bluetooth. The car has been a blast to drive - although 4th sounds like it should be 6th! The car moves perfectly and the finish is just as every review indicated - nothing I would change about the interior. I have been averaging about 27mpg the first month - not bad considering Manhattan traffic. I am really glad I bought the 2008 as the 2009 looks far too much like a BMW. As for reviews about it being a bit slow out the gate, I'm not seeing it and am sure it is not worth the MPG trade off to have purchased the larger engine.
This is my 3rd A4 Avant (1999; 2003; 2008). I recently had to retire my 1995 Alfa 164LS. I purchased this to drive along with our 2003 A4 Avant. The plan is to retire the 2003 and keep the 2008 once Alfa returns to the USA. The car is quite sporty in nature. It appears as if the new A4 will have more driver right leg room, but it is unclear whether the new Avant will be offered as a 6 speed. We only have had manual transmissions with sport suspension. The 2008 2.0 engine is more throaty and powerful than previous models. The four wheel drive sticks like glue. The 2.0 torque is limited, but the acceleration is fine, with little turbo lag. Forget BMW and go for it.
My other vehicles are 911 turbo, Mustang GT convertible, Cayenne S. This vehicle has become my favorite. I can drive it over highway 17 in California with vigor. I drove it to Tahoe with the family, a roof box and a lot of gear. It was a blast. It compensated well on icy patches and blasted through the snow. I can put my golden retriever in the back, pick up the family and still enjoy the ride. The S mode and paddle shifters make this a stealth sports car. I enjoy the "S" suspension features and the mileage of the 2.0T. It feels like a Porsche station wagon. I predict that these wagons will see a resurgence in the near future. The Avant gets 22 around town and 28 highway.
Our experience with the A4 has been great my wife loves it. Very economical with gas. As the first time owning an Audi I was not totally sold the first time I drove the car. I immediately noticed the jerk (as if I was driving a stick shift vehicle) I was told it was the SVT in the vehicles transmission. I only different from our Acura TL and former Lexus model was the oil light came on at 4K miles because shortness of oil. The car ate the oil as if it were candy. Audi told us the vehicle does that within the first couple of 1000's miles. Very small car with great fuel economy joined with a sexy exterior look.
The Audi A4 a compact car with plenty of room for the front seat users. It is not intended for 5 passengers. The 2.0 liter is very strong for a 4 cylinder so you need to keep in mind it can't be compared to a 6. Interior is very well built. Exterior is very sharp. This car has all the power anyone should need. If you ease up on the pedal it will get very good gas mileage as I have experienced 29 miles per gallon so far. You can get a larger car if you pay 15 to 20 grand more, or you can wait for the 2009 model that will be larger. This car compares to all its competitors and is better in some ways than 328Ix, C class, G35X.
I have had this car for two weeks now and so far I am very pleased with the performance. I love the way car handles yet maintains a decent fuel economy. It makes me go look for some curvy roads. Strongly suggest this car if you enjoy the driving.
Have had this for just over 2 weeks and 800 miles and so far I'm very pleased. I do wish the 2.0T had more power but I knew going into it that it was a trade-off for better fuel economy. Setting aside the lack of power at the low end, I love the way the car drives and handles. Been in one early spring snowstorm so far and it held the road beautifully. Quartz Gray color is stunning.
The car is just gorgeous, and a blast to drive. Went for the throaty 3.2 over the 2.0, and I'm glad I did. Not only for the engine, but also for the equipment that's standard instead of optional. It's fast and handles like a dream. I actually want more snow. 
Had the car for 5 weeks and loved every minute. Hit 2115 miles, oil pressure light came on and car died. Threw a cam, needs entire engine rebuilt, possibly major design flaw with 08's. 4 weeks for repairs so far, and I still don't have it back. I'm trying to get Audi to get me into a brand new replacement vehicle, but they aren't budging ( they just want to fix it). I didn't pay a premium for a rebuilt car. So much for Audi quality
My first Audi (drove a 1.8T jetta for 5 years); this is one sweet ride. Gone is the turbo lag I had in Jetta, probably due to the Audi manual transmission. Nice smooth shifting, very good acceleration, fuel mileage has been in upper 20s, but car only has 2000 miles on it. The appearance of the grille is very sporty and somewhat mean looking :). I got basic car with 17" wheels, leather, bluetooth and iPod. The interior is beautiful and very comfortable. The ride is smooth and does this car love curves! Overall, the cost of this car is very reasonable. Overall, very pleased at this point. Highly recommend anyone taking a look.
I have an '04 Jetta and i'm completely unhappy with it, probably because I have owned volvos before. I have had this car for about 4 days now and when I get into the car, I feel like I am in the Jetta. The console is still small, with the small cup holders underneath, the ignition jingle never stops until both the driver and passenger have thier sealt belts on, and just all the little things about the Jetta are in A4 that would make you skeptical to pay $41,000 for it. The turbo charger has a delay when u push on the accelerator. I do have to say though, that the seats are comfortable and the styling outside is excellent.
It's indeed a dream car. The design is excellent, top execution and materials. Everything is balanced with very good taste. The danger in this price range is sending the message that you bought the car to show-off. On the contrary, A4 shows that you have a fine taste of spending your money (let's admit it, it's not a cheap car and everybody sees that). The 2.0T has only 200HP but is really powerfull provided that you now how to drive a 4 cyl Turbo engine, i.e., buy a manual transmission and do not ask the engine for maximum thrust at 1500rpm. Downshift, step on the gas and see what a Turbo engine can do. For me, A4 is the ideal compromise between price, aspect and driving experience. 
There are not enough superlatives to accurately describe this car. Fit and finish are fantastic. It offers superior comfort (I'm 6'5"), handles like a champ, provides surprising power from its strong 2.0 turbo and provides over 30+ highway MPG! This is a very special automobile.
This is my third Audi, and by far my favorite. I enjoy the throatiness of the turbo and think that the new 2.0 is one of the ten best engines in the world. I confess to dropping quattro this time both to improve fuel economy and to free up enough $ to spring for the S-Line. Sure all new 2008 sedans have S-line styling on the body, but not the 18" wheels, sport suspension, and superb interior trim. My advice is to spring for it, as you hardly ever see the 18" wheels on A4 and it enhances the look tremendously. I am delighted, too, with the granite gray color which shifts with the changing light and weather... always a pleasure to come across it anew.
We have only had the car for a month, but we are loving it so far. The ride is very comfortable and quiet, yet the vehicle holds the road extremely well. The styling of the car is beautiful inside and out.
I've looked at everything - BMW, Acura, MB, Lexus, etc - finally settled on the Audi and haven't regretted it since. The car is a pleasure to drive and it's obvious that someone put some thought into building this monster. Fun to drive, beautiful inside and out - can't get enough. I didn't go with any of the "extra" options - they're a bit pricey and don't really add much to the experience. I think you can figure out when to turn on the lights and wipers.
I've only had it for 3 days, but I love it so far. Good performance for the engine size and handles great. I was torn between getting a pure sports car or pure luxury car, but the A4 has enough of both to please me. The Sport setting on the auto transmission is great for playing around, but sucks the gas too much for day to day driving. I also can't wait for some snow to test the AWD out.
Just picked up a new 08 A4 2.0T Quattro with Sport Suspension. (Previously drove an 06 A4 CVT front wheel drive.) After driving the front wheel drive Audi for 2 years (and really liking the way it handled), I was amazed with the Quattro's road handling prowess! On the way home from the dealer, I was on the freeway and naturally fiddling with the stereo adjustments and didn't notice that I was approaching a sharp curve to the left while making a transition from one highway to another. I entered the corner at about 65 (40 advised) and started to go for the brake, but as I turned the wheel, the car simply took the corner like it was on a rail. I kid you not! 
Looked for a wagon (not SUV) with some style and performance, settled on the A4 with 6-spd and am extremely happy so far. This car is as fun to drive as my 325i (and much more than my CLK430) and can carry stuff to boot. I have had no reliability issues after 3 weeks. I know this isn't the final word, but no horror stories. So far I get about 25 mpg around town (suburbs, not city) and more like 29 hwy, a little less if I feel like having fun. It is not really a lightweight car so this seems acceptable. Interior is very quiet and comfortable, my first 5-hour road trip flew by. Can't wait to see what quattro can do in the snow. 
I just picked up my new Audi A4 quattro 2.0T and can't get over this car. I've only had it a week, but I've been entirely impressed thus far. The feel and ride are just great, solid and smooth. Handling is sure and secure. I owned a 2001 VW Jetta GLX previously and was a little unsure of going back to a four cylinder, but the power of the 2.0T feels even better than the V6 in the Jetta. I was also concerned about engine noise and gas mileage. The growl of the Audi exhaust makes me smile and I'm getting about the same in mileage as I was in the Jetta - made the switch back to a 4 cylinder worth it. I got the Audi loaded up with extras.
The car can be summed up in one phrase: performance and luxury in a compact design. I drove a 2003 and 2005 3.0L A4 prior to getting this one and the performance stands up well. There is definitely noticeable turbo lag, but this can probably be overcome by changing driving habits. The sound of the engine will also take some getting used to as the turbo is a bit "throatier" than I'm used to. The car handles extremely well, though, hugging curves and accelerating very smoothly. The now-standard S-Line exterior features definitely give the car a sportier look. The interior is outstanding. The layout is getting better and the list of available features is exhaustive. In all, a great car!
I am an "early adopter" of the A5 in early 2008. After nearly a year of ownership, the car is holding up well. I have had no mechanical problems except a burned-out LED light that was replaced and have noticed no rattles in the car after 12,000 miles.
The Audi A5 is a terrific diver's car. While I would prefer a little more horsepower, I love the way the car handles the road. The nav sys needs to be updated, but other than that, the interior of the vehicle is first rate. 
This is my 3rd Audi and to say that I am sold on the brand is an understatement! I got the A6 (new design) when it came out in '05 and loved it. When I saw the A5 and drove it, I had to have it. Yes, we all have egos. It is OK to acknowledge that. I get more looks and thumbs up in this car than any other I have owned. Great car and beautiful design lines. Only thing I would change is transmission shifting as low acceleration - it can be a bit jerky. If you haven't driven one - do it!
This car is incredible. You cannot look at it & not be moved or inspired. Anyone who loves cars immediately gravititate to its inspiring curves and uniqueness, a classic. People are just drawn to its stunning design. 
I have driven the A5 since turning back my S4 since May. Wow, what an exciting car this is! I like it better than the S4 and find the power to be almost the same. This car is so well engineered with the weight distribution that it allows the 6 cylinder engine to put like a kitten. Gas mileage is reasonable, the running lights are amazing, the exterior design is nothing short of superb, and the interior is both roomy and driver friendly. I could not be without the backup camera due to neck surgery that will not allow me to turn my neck. The backup camera and assistance in backing up are a life saver, as well. I cannot say enough about the A5's drive. I am in love.
This car is the best handeling car I have ever had the pleasure to drive. I purchased an A5 not the S5 after I had driven both. I could not justify the price difference. I ordered it with the s line package and could not be more pleased. This car is rock solid and handles great. Highly recomend taking a test drive. 
I've had my A5 for almost 4 months now, and I still spend a couple moments to admire it before I get in to drive each day. I drove it through the mountains this weekend and had so much fun that I was actually laughing out loud. The handling is great, it's totally comfortable and even has enough room in the back for a child seat. I haven't had a single complaint come up. And yes, it definitely turns a lot of heads when I'm driving it through town. It actually took me a while to get used to all the stares - not that I'm complaining.
Having never owned a luxury car, this is my first and it did not disappoint my idea of what Audi luxury (or any other manufacturer for that matter) is all about. It is also my first production coupe ownership as well (if you don't count my replica kit roadster.) The exterior of the car is in a class all it's own. It takes some sports car queues and blends them into the coupe in a way no other manufacturer has done as of late. The main attraction are the LED's. People stare, point, stay glued to their rear-view mirrors. The stance from the rear is elegant yet very strong with the 255 wide tires! Interior is simply first class for me. My first leather interior. I love this car.
I have owned this car for a couple of months now, and all I can say is wow. Though it is down on horsepower compared to the BMW 335, it completely makes up in looks. Two months ago, I was at a stop light on a main road. A man was too busy looking at my A5, he drove into the car in front of him. I love the fact I got parked in front of the restaurant by valet. I love that I cannot go a night without a compliment, I just love the car.
After a few weeks of ownership, I have learned that the A5 continues to impress, and truly is the beautiful girl whom you can marry and live with. The most amazing epiphany is remarkable fuel efficiency that exceeds EPA estimates of 18 and 27. I have averaged 26 in city, 34 on highway! My weekly trip to Costco also revealed I could transport abundant cargo; 3 large boxes of diapers and baby wipes, detergent, gallons of juice, and more. 
My first week with A5 reveals it's a well-made car. Exterior design appears even much more beautiful in real life than the pictures. Walter de Silva (designer) was right when he says A5 is his best design. Interior design is peerless, controls perfect and intuitive, fit and finish defines fit and finish. Audi design doing in the auto world what Apple computers did in the computer world. Performance of the V-6 is not as robust as the BMW 335i coupe, which was the other car to choose from. However, A5 is powerful enough for everything besides drag- racing. 
Drop dead gorgeous. Da Silva is a genius. This is my first Audi (but coincidentally, this is the 6th among my whole family). Almost bought the 3 series and then saw the A5 was coming out in the states. The outside is absolutely stunning, the inside design is beautiful but ridiculously comfortable. I drive 3 hours a day going to and from work and my commute couldn't be any more fun than it is now. Audi's made me a fan for life.
All I can say is if you are thinking about buying it and you have the money to do so do it. it is the nicest car I've owned and I own many cars including BMW's and Mercedes. When you drive down the highway the amount of brakelights you see in the opposite direction as the try to catch a longer glimpse of you is astounding.The car is amazing, I love it!
The A5 is a truly exceptional car. The finish and fit is perfect. Absolutely no imperfections. The suspension is firm but not harsh with very slight oversteer. It is comfortable, fast, and gets a lot of attention everywhere I go. The fuel economy is better than the ratings indicate. On a recent 1400 mile trip from Ft. Lauderdale to Gainesville GA and back, I averaged 30.85 miles per gallon at 80-85 MPH. 
Forget turning heads, this car snaps necks. I have only had the car 2 weeks, but there is nothing I am not thrilled with. The value, drive, style and technology are all superior to any other car I considered. I originally wanted an S5, but just cannot justify the extra ~90HP given the fuel economy difference. 
I am a huge fan of Audis, and this one takes the cake. It's got a gorgeous body shape (kudos to Walter de'Silva), perfect watchmaker-quality interior, and is oh-so-fun to drive. It's not a barnburner like the S5, but it's more than adequate for me and will save me a few speeding tickets. I've had so many second glances, head turns, and people stopping me in parking lots and traffic lights to ask about it. I actually like the fact that they're very rare and will slowly trickle onto the market over the next 1-2 years. For people who like to blend in the crowd and follow the status quo, then go buy a boring BMW (with crap interior and total crap stereo/tech). This A5 is for me!
This car is truly the first car I've ever been excited to own and to drive. The exterior design is breathtaking, the interior quality is phenomenal. If you're looking to have adults ride in the back seat, this isn't the car for you (especially if you're tall like I am). MMI much easier to use that BMW's iDrive; iPod integration and Sirius satellite makes the 6CD changer almost an afterthought. Cellphone with Bluetooth integrates in seconds. Manual 6 makes the most out of the engine; I recommend it over the 6A (the gimmicky faux manual in it isn't that exciting). Trunk is huge, overly large for its class. 
I've owned everything from Porsche 911 to the Cayenne Turbo, from Lexus SC430 to BMW 745i and Mercedes CLS. For the money this new AUDI "Rocks". Don't sell the 911 but for everyday zips to work this new A5 not only saves a little in gas but offers on nice comfortable ride. If you like all the bells with true performance then this car is for you and if your luck to own, you know what I mean. Thanks Audi!
Owning and driving this vehicle is like a breath of fresh air. Despite the fact that it's a lot of fun to drive, the positive attention that is received is unbelievable. I was surprised that certain people had no idea that Audi was launching an A5 model until they saw mine on the road.
My first Audi and so far is excellent. Loaded A5 (all options except S-line package), ride is fantastic...great in corners, straight, smooth and very quiet on highways. Acceleration is very good and feels quick (better then my '05 Acura TL), especially in sport mode. Audi delivers amazing interiors with high quality. Backseat is okay for small kids, but almost unusable for adults. I'm a tall/big guy who fits very comfortably up front. Technology is great - imports entire Blackberry phone book in one shot with excellent Bluetooth connection. MMI is not difficult to learn, but can be cumbersome. Voice activation not live on the A5. Overall, great blend of luxury and sporty ride. 
With fuel prices the way they are, I just couldn't see living with the low mileage of the 8 cyl, so I opted for the 6 cyl instead. The dealer had an A5 with an Audi factory installed S5 option (cosmetic kit) so I have S-Line interior trim, upgraded 19" wheels (that I like better than the "S") and claimed mileage up to 32 MPG (we'll see - I do a lot of highway driving).
I've owned more than 18 cars over the past 23 years (mostly premium imports -- Audi, BMW, MB, Lexus, Acura), and the A5 is one of my favorites. It's an exceptional combination of style, performance, comfort and build quality. No car can do everything perfectly, but this one does so many things extremely well. I might even keep this car longer than a year or two. 
A5 is not for everyone. It's for the experienced drivers to savor all the perks of driving very touchy and agile vehicle. Strong. Solid design in and out.
Audi is the only car that I would even consider driving through the countryside of England in the winter(!) period, especially with my children in tow. This company is doing everything right and has even surpassed BMW (I still own a Mini) in quality and comfort. Audi has won me over in consistency and an above average desire to please its new customers. These cars contain something the others have lost - character. Audi is the company that got me interested in automobiles which I never thought would happen.
I'll agree with the editor's reviews that the low-end torque is an issue. She's just a bit slow off the starting line, but she shines once she's on the road. There's plenty of pedal when you need it, and I think she runs the best slightly above the recommended speed limit. I've owned Toyota's, BMW's and of course American cars. The Audi is my favorite to date. You won't be sorry, if you go this direction. I'm always getting compliments on this car, yet you don't feel too "cocky" driving it.
We've been a Volvo family for over 15 years and decided to "step up" to an Audi after thorough research and test drives. The car is beautify, spacious, and has more gadgets than we need but the kids love it. The ride is spectacular. However, in just 14 months we have had to take the car back 5 times for check engine light. One of the Cylinders (#5) they tell us is bad. The car has stalled on my wife stranding her and my daughter at the side of the road. We are delighted with their road-side assistance and loaner program but frankly miffed that we've had to use it about every other month. At this time we are not happy with our decision. I also see others have had the same issue.
I have a fully loaded Q7 and love it for its size and looks. But my husband has wanted another Audi so we went out and got a fully loaded A6. Could not be happier with it. After being pleased with Audi we went out and got another one a R8 for the power. But out of all of the cars we like the A6 the best for its looks and power and all the stuff you can get on it. Such as Keyless go (we payed extra to get that installed) Navigation, backup camera, and sensors, the blinds in the back, wood steering wheel. 
Previously had a BMW 5 and loved it. No problems. Decided to try the A6 and am very pleased. Performance is more than I expected and the quality of the car's interior is impressive. The car is very quite and seems well built. Handling is great as is the fuel mileage.
From the outside to the inside, the A6 has beautiful features. The interior is plush and comfortable. The seat positions take you from a sports car feel to an executive luxury car. The MMI & sound system is fantastic, but I'm disappointed that the iPod integration is not on voice activation. Took a few days to master, but once understood, the MMI is easy to operate.
Love the exterior classy lines, interior is beautiful. The Bose sound system and iPod integration is fantastic. However the jury is still out on the handling. The car seem to have a lot of play in the steering and very poor weight distribution, also I find the car to have poor visibility. The Navigation System and Blue Tooth leaves a lot to be desired. (German car engineers should take note of Japanese technology). The S line looks great with its wider tires, but has very stiff seats. All in all the car feels very solid, and luxurious.
My wife and I spent over a month researching and test driving midsize luxury cars and when it was all done, the Audi A6 was the clear winner. About 6 weeks later we have no regrets. It's styling and build easily surpass its competitors. The MMI is not that difficult to learn. My wife, no techie, but has mastered it and is now a big fan of the system. It just takes a little patience to learn a new way of doing things. iPod interface is excellent and the NAV system is very well implemented. Lane assist is a great safety feature and works well. I much prefer the Audi to BMW, MB or Lexus. For us, the runner up was the Infinity M35.
3rd Audi, and extremely happy with how the deign has matured. Smooth cornering, pick up, quiet cabin, butter start up process, intuitive controls. 
Reading good reviews by the editor as well as some owners, my daughter decided to give it a try...I wish she did not. The car has 10,500 miles on it. It is 1.5 years old. She came here to Milwaukee for a funeral. On the way from Chicago the yellow light came on. As soon as she got out of the highway the car stalled. She called the road assistance as well as the leasing company and they told her to try starting it. The car started. They told her that since this is just the yellow light drive it and bring it in when you are back. On the way to the funeral the car stalled again 3 times! She had to borrow mine, left the car parked on the street. This is the Audi/German luxury 
This is my 2nd Audi A6 and the 2008 sure does beat out my old '00 A6. Everything is much improved. I avg. 31 MPG on the highway and 18 in the city. The only thing I truely miss is the ol' twin turbo. It would have been nice to have it again. This is a very solid care. Great stereo. By far the best cruise control I have ever seen. The NAV is a must, extremely accurate and again one of the best I've seen. Handling is tight as you dive into turns. I've had many 4 wheel drive trucks and cars and I can assure you this car with stock tires never fails me while traveling through the Pocono Mtns in PA. The brakes are undescribable. The car stops on a dime. Excellent car! 
Couldn't be happier with the car. Considered the normal peers (E350 4matic, 530x, Acura RL, M35x, etc). Drove them all but felt that the A6 was the best overall package - drive, interior and exterior styling, options/ capabilities, etc) - and importantly at the most attractive price. Have owned BWM (330ci), Audi (A4), Acura (Legend) and spent a lot of time in MB (E) and Lexus (GS). Like my A6 better than any of them. 
Overall the A6 is an excellent car. I have had it for a week and I'm in love everything about the car. The only thing I don't really like is the cupholders, not very conviniently located but no biggie. It doesn't have many places to put stuff though, glove compartment is rather small and center arm rest is small also. Other than that the car is awesome. Would have liked a wooden steering wheel standard for such a high price car. 
Past vehicles include Lexus, BMW, Porsche and this one ranks right up there with the. Got rid of BMW 330CI convertible and SUV for one year round vehicle and this is the perfect fit. Was concerned about lack of power, but dropping it down into sport mode completely changes the character of this car. ( the "S" under the "d" in the tranny is not 2nd it is sport mode). Handling is fantastic and a blast to drive on curvy, winding roads. Not sure what a prior post was talking about, however, I have v6 not the v8. This 4 door sedan is as fun to drive as my BMW convt. Smooth,comfortable, stable, classy, elegant, sporty, roomy and AWD for these WI winters. Average 29mpg on a 250 mile trip. Not much to complain about, I like this car more than I imagined I would. Thought I was sacrificing sport/fun for year round comfort. I did not.
I have had MBs 280, 380, 560, 430, 600 BMWs 740 (2), Porsche Carrera 4, Maserati and others, oh and of course an Audi S4 - and I think I have finally grown up, at least it feels like it. This is a car that feels any bit as nice, maybe better, as my 2002 MB 430S, both ergonomically, aestetically and has more gadgets than I need, but I use them all, bluetooth, i-pod, Nav system (far out) and has a great ride. Ok, so the 6 Cyl. may not be a V8, but it is plenty peppy and I am happy. 
I looked at all cars that could possibly fit my criteria. I wanted top performance in a 4 wheel drive car. I finally settled on the A6. Although this car is fantastic in so many ways,the lack of road feel and poor wieght distribution is very unsettling. I can't understand why they would build a great car, but which lacks basic handling characteristics. My daughter's '06 Accord has much better road feel and handling characteristics than this car. I would even go so far as to say this car is quite dangerous if you try to drive it on a curvy road at high speed. The V8 is too much power for the poor handling. I am very dissapointed I wish I would have gone with the BMW
Amazing vehicle. Smooth ride, plenty of power. Great easy to use features on the interior. Fantastic!
The 2008 A6 replaced my 2001 A6. While the 2001 A6 was a solid car, Audi has upped their game significantly with the 2008. The build quality is outstanding - equal or better than my wife's MB E320. The interior is beautiful, a great blend of class and high tech. The car is very fun to drive, tight in turns, plenty of pep for a V6 and the MPG is far better than the the gov't ratings - 26/27mpg in mixed driving, 30+mpg on the road. The MMI system with the Bose/Sirius is easy to use, and the high tech display is excellent. The cabin is very quiet, so you can really enjoy the great sound system - great improvement from the Audi Symphony system in my 2001 A6. Overall, this is a terrific car. 
We have had the car for about 6 months and it is a perfect family wagon. It has plenty of room for a family of four and a dog. It gets about 25 mpg in mixed driving and 29 on a recent highway trip. I have been a Japanese car fan for the last 10 years after several BMWs left me wanting something with less maint. down time. I saw that the Audi reliability ratings were getting to a point that I felt comfortable giving an Audi a try. It's only been 6 months, but so far not one problem. We also live in New England and wanted all wheel drive, but we didn't want a truck. It was great in the snow and handles like a sports car on the dry pavement.
I was in the market for an all-wheel drive german executive car, so my choices were the MB E350 4Matic, BMW 535xi, or the Audi A6 3.2, and I went with the Audi. And I really think I made the right choice. I don't like the idea that underneath it's a Passat, but the interior styling is unmatched and look nothing alike. The Quattro system works beautifully in all conditions. I'm getting about 31MPG average, which is great for this sized car. I'm just slightly disapointed with the acceleration. When merging on a highway(especially in NJ!), it's somewhat lazy and throttle response isn't as immediate as I hoped for. Like all Audi.s, the ride is firm, so beware of long trips. 
My third A6 offers loads of improvements over its earlier siblings. Ride is significantly more solid. Handling is so precise it's like a vacuum sucking the backtop. Engine performance is powerful and at least 10% more economical than the 3.0 in my previous 2003 A6. Views are stimulating from approaching the vehicle to behind the wheel. Several minor cost cutting steps should be noted: more narrow seats and thinner cushions than the previous models, door pockets are "cheaper," manual fuel filler door replaces and automatic release, head restrants no- longer swivel. I also miss oil temp. and volt gauges. 
This is my second Audi A6 and this is an entirely new vehicle that was redesigned from the bottom up. On a 350 mile trip at avg speed of 75mph I got 30 MPG! Quiet cabin, great ergonomics,and the NAV is the best I have ever seen. The sound system is fantastic. Headlights are improved. I did find the sunroof to be a little small but it is not as important compared to all the positives.
Driving dynamics are brilliant. The car rides like a train on the rails. There is no slipping nor sliding. Quattro system makes sure of that. Every mechanical component works in total harmony with each other. The interior appointments must be an envy of every other automaker. From the incredible ergonomics to the impeccable attention to the slightest details, this car clearly is a winner.
I have owned Lexus, BMW, Volvo, Jaguar, Acura and this is my second Audi. Living in Canada with the relatively harsh winters and hot/humid summers I have found that the Quattro system in the Audi is by far the best I have ever driven for all year driving. Interior fit and finish and the intuitive design/layout make it something that I haven't had to this extent in any of the previously owned or tested cars. Each time my lease is up I go out and test each of the previously mentioned manufacturers, plus Infiniti, and go through all the pros and cons, including cost, performance, all year maintenance, and passion for the car. Service has been top notch! Great car all around.
With this car I am fully in control and it grabs the ground like an ice pick to ice, the growl of the engine just makes you wanna go faster and faster, this car is by far better than any BMW out there, with its AWD platform you can make curves like they were straight lines.
We researched, watched and waited for just the right sedan to come to market. I compared features, performance, comfort and reliability for all sedans in the A6 category and there is no other car that would rank higher than 8.5 now or in the next years model. The steering capability with the S-Line sports suspension is what makes driving this car so much fun yet comfortable. I love the unique color (Daytona Grey) in a time when almost everything on the road is the same. The ability to power hard into your corners smoothly will never make you feel like you purchased something second rate. The MMI is fabulous and intuitive. My wife went from the A4 to this and just loves it immensely.
My previous car was a Porsche Cayenne S, a 350 hp nimble beast of an SUV. It was a blast to drive. I thought I would never find a replacement. The Porsche is a distant memory now that I am driving the Audi A6 4.2. It is nice to be driving a sedan instead of an SUV. The ride is super smooth, quiet and with 350 hp this car can really take off. Audi has done a fantastic job with the fit and finish as well as integrating state of the art technology without overloading the instrument bay. The outside of the car is elegant and tasteful. The 2008 A6 4.2 comes standard with the S-Line font grille and bumpers which add a nice flare to the body.
Our Q7 has been at the dealer for the past 45 days and they have no estimate as to when they will return it. This car has been a nightmare. Brakes started screeching at 2000 miles and in the 2.5 years that I have owned this car, it has been at the dealer over 20 times (excluding scheduled maintenance). The starter has been replaced twice which requires the entire engine to be pulled from the vehicle (nice design). Audi does have roadside assistance which is nice since I have had to utilize this service 6 times to have the vehicle towed to the dealer. The Q7 S-line is a cool looking SUV, if the cool design does not turn heads, the screeching brakes will!
I've had this vehicle now for about 9 months and completely love it. Mine has most of the extra bells and whistles, and I have been totally spoiled by the features - even the ones I thought I'd never use (keyless entry/start, lane assist, back up camera). With the 21 inch wheels this thing corners and handles more like a sports car than a SUV. But the beefy curb weight (while providing for a sense of security and impervious-ness-ity) definitely makes for less than thrilling accelerations. I expected this though when I bought it, so no surprises there. A few minor issues with squealing brakes and the like have been promptly handled by Audi care and all-in-all I am very happy with my Q7.
Love the car except the electronics. Console buttons shorted out from windex used to clean off finger prints. Really bad design as the buttons are not sealed and will short out with only a couple of drops. Audi will not stand behind. Cost $1000 to replace in the first 6 months. Afraid to use the cup holders that are located above the elect. 2 drops and another $1000. pule the hassle. Want my Range Rover back. 
I have Q7 Premium S-line 4.2, absolutely great, fun to drive. But, it would not be so great without all features. In my opinion adaptive air suspension is a must, adaptive cruise control is fun, great help, but be careful, it provides safety, but stay alert, in critical situations you need to take over. Parking sensors is also a must with such relatively large vehicle. The line assist possible saved me already from couple of dangerous situations and side assist also, although it takes some effort to learn to look at it. A lot of features and after 5 months I am still discovering how to use them in concert effectively. Tested BMW X5 (too small) and Merc. GL550, did not like the controls
My husband purchased this car for me and traded in our A4 cab for it. I loved it at first. Then a month into ownership, the trunk latch broke. It wouldn't close all the way so I had to drive the hour away to the nearest dealership (twice) to get it fixed. 2 weeks ago, my MMI system stopped working and it was stuck to only play CDs. I took it in today and was told you're out of luck because you spilled something on it. Had I known this was such a common problem, I wouldn't have bought this car. Now I have to shell out the money out of pocket to replace the MMI system. After reading a bunch of reviews, it seems to be an extremely common problem. 
Drove 4700 miles from Ohio to Wyoming and Montana, thru Chief Joseph highway and Beartooth pass. Typtronic tranmission was spectacular in moving through the passes, hair-pin turns and altitudes over 11000 ft. Six passengers very comfortable. Gas mileage acceptable and with hi speed western states 75mph limits a real dream to drive. Rear camera very helpful in parallel parking and in exiting parking lots. The water bottle storage in the doors was easy access and convienent. Air conditioning throughout the whole car was effictive. Access to rear seats challenging but once seated, very comfortable. Great car for a great trip.
I love the car but am so disappointed that with a Britax diplomat infant rear-facing seat (one of the smallet, most narrow on the market) installed in the center position (the safest), I can only use one of the two adjacent seats. The other is unusable because you cannot access the seat belt buckle! Even in my old A6 wagon this was not a problem. Further, with a carseat in the center location, it is impossible to move the seats forward to access the third row. You can move the carseat to the left or right but then your two rear passengers (imagine grandma and grandpa) are squished together and the one in the center has a very small seat. This is a silly problem to have in an SUV.
OK. Here we go. How do we make the case to not lease our fourth minivan in over ten years? Currently three children 10, 7 and 5. Get the whole family in the van and go visit the Q7. You won't regret it I promise. I know we need all that space and cupholders, but still just go check it out...you deserve it! Maybe, just maybe, the kids can sacrifice a little for mom and dad. Afterall, this vehicle has everything you need to survive as a family of five and it performs, looks and rides like no minivan I've ever owned in the the last ten years. I drive a BMW 5 series so this is for my wife. But, this vehicle alone has made me consider an Audi for myself.
Shopped for while... Mercedes, BMW... test drove all. All great but Q7 won. Special ordered, S-line, adaptive cruse and adaptive suspension together was worth waiting for. Love line assist and parking assist system. Bought 16GB USB drive and have all my favorite music at my steering wheel controls. 
Purchased this vehicle for my wife because of increased need for space but without the minivan appearance. It has been a pleasure to drive with good handling (minimal body roll) and reasonable acceleration for the class of car. (I drive an RS4 and still enjoy the Q7). The ride can be rough, however, especially at lower speeds -- some likely related to 20" wheels that were a part of the s-line package. Wish the air suspension was an option on the 3.6 which would likely improve ride quality. Gas mileage is reasonable with the 3.6 (21mpg at 70 mph) given size/wt of vehicle. I'm willing to take 5-7 mpg hit over a minivan for the sportier ride and appearance.
Had an 02 and 05 X5 but needed something larger. Now have 3000 miles and no problems. Love the S-Line option but Audi takes 2 points off the residual value for leases which doesn't seem fair when you pay more.
I have had my Q7 4.2 premium s line for about 3 weeks. I just came back from a trip to North Carolina and I am in love. I think that the best feature hands down is the lane assist; it makes everything easier and you always are aware of your surroundings. I have owned an ML, X5, Range Rover, Escalade, 4 runner, Montero, and I don't regret or miss anything from those vehicles.
After driving a bulky Expedition for 5 years, I really wanted a car. But with kids and lots of carpooling, a car was out of the question. I really needed 3rd row seating. My quest was to find an SUV that handled like a car. After lots of test drives, nothing compared to driving the Audi Q7. It was actually fun to drive! The all wheel drive makes turning ratios a breeze. I bought the 4.2 L and wow can it go! I love the MMI (takes a few hours to get used to but it is a great system). Seats are very comfortable, 2nd row seat huge, 3rd row I can sit in comfortably (I'm 5'6"). Interior is so cool at night with lots of red lights. The huge sunroof is a must. 
I've had my Q7 for a few weeks now and I couldn't be more impressed with it. The ride, design, and comfort is unsurpassed. Being a technophile, this vehicle leaves you asking for no more. The iPod/iPhone interface is seamless, the navigation is easy to use and the overall MMI provides you with any information you could ask for. I selected the adaptive air suspension option, and that has turned out to be a great option, giving the car an adjustable ride, depending on the conditions. 
I've owned a Volvo XC90 AWD since 2004 and I was looking for a change. I narrowed my choices down to the BMW X5, Land Rover and the Audi Q7. After many back-to-back-to-back test drives I bought the Q7 and I have never looked back! This car continues to impress and amaze me with it's effortless driving and sumptuous interior... this is my first Audi and it won't be my last. The MMI system works great (much better than the iDrive in my wife's BMW 3 series) and the advanced parking system makes short work of tight parking spaces.
This is my first return to a German car in 6 years. This car feels rock solid. The handling and seating position makes for comfortable commutes on DC's Capital Beltway. The parking sensors and rear backup camera are great. The MMI and nav. system takes some setup and getting used to, but once you've mastered it, it is quick and convenient. The 6 speed auto delivers on its promises. 
I rented a 07 3.6 for two weeks in March. The ride is much smoother, handling not as stiff, brakes not as touchy compared to the 07 I rented. The standard front sensors and rear parking camera are incredible. The slight front bucket seats are very comfortable. The standard 20 inch wheels are a great touch at medium and high speeds but a little rigid at speeds below 45mph. Better off with these 20s than the 19s or 18s when it comes to handling.The acceleration, S turn capability, ride are perfect. Stereo system doesn't get any better. For driving around town, I suggest getting the 3.6. Second row leg room would better for a SUV of this size. A Plus grade over all.
The 08 has front and rear parking sensors which are perfect addition. The front seats have a slight bucket which is also new. The MMI is very easy to use but have to agree with others that the nav. system takes getting used too. The handling and acceleration are incredible, taking hard S turns in the Q7 is a lot of fun. The brakes aren't as sensitive as the 07's. The 20 inch wheels are also standard. The ride with these at lower speeds is a little noisy but over 45 it's smooth sailing. Better to have these 20s than have the 18s or 19s with less handing. This Q7 needs to be driven hard on the highways or along coastal or mountain passes. This is not a putt around town SUV.
This is one of the greats, for sure. Classic lines, great build quality, amazing powertrain. The engine always feels 'on boil' and the transmission gearing matches the power band perfectly. Great noises - I almost never turn on the radio with this engine and exhaust note filling the cabin. Still gets a lot of looks even though the B8 body style is out. I'll be keeping this one for a long time to come. 
This is one of the Best cars out there, better than a BMW M3 or M5, Better than a Benz 63AMG. I enjoyed Herb's comments on this car, obviously he's never driven an RS4 and must dislike Audi. Anyone who compares this car to an EVO is, well, not well informed. Best of luck to you Herb!! LOL There's no car out that that can compare to this, it looks like a cute little kitty, but can tear your head right off. Handling is out of this world and has a fully defeatable traction control which blows your mind.
First, the Review by Herb posted earlier about this car...is complete nonsense. He clearly has NOT driven an RS4. Everyone that goes for a ride or drives this car...wants one! This is a monster in a business suit! It can rip 100mph quickly from stoplight to stoplight, if you are not careful. This car is about performance and handling with a lot of luxury. Any mention of an Evo or a Subi is ridiculous...this is not an A4 review. The suspension on the RS4 can turn 75-80mph on the highway exchange loop, yes I have done this several times. It performs that well! The car can be pushed farther than I am willing to push it. 
After owning 3 Evos, I really regret buying this car. The gear box is very clunky and sounds frightening on cold shifts. The acceleration is rather flaccid because of the low torque output. The brakes are mediocre and really upset the balance of the car on hard braking. The engine note is horrible. On acceleration the engine makes an excruciatingly high pitched whining nose with no corresponding feeling of acceleration. The steering is terribly numb requiring constant adjustments in corners. Understeer is its preferred mode in corners. It also gets miserable gas mileage, on par with cars with bigger engines and more horsepower. The in-dash CD player went out within 500 miles.
I have had my RS4 Cabrio for three months. I am astonished with the car: plenty of power, enough eye candy and the best attribute: I can cause BMW drivers to go crazy with the power I have under the hood. For me personally the best attribute about this car is that it's not flashy and only Audi enthusiasts really know what sort of beast I am driving. I just wish I had more free time to drive it up and down Mullholland and there was not so much stop and go traffic here in LA. 
I've had my RS4 for just over a year. The V8 is amazing. Put it in S mode and it gets scary. The suspension tightens and it sounds like you have a whole different engine in the car. The torque really shows its face when going uphill on the freeway. It just accelerates as if someone is feeding more horsepower. Very little sign of fatigue. It's a heavy car but I like that. Built solid. 
My RS4 continues to amaze me every time I take her for a drive. Amazing in every way and especially when you consider what a wonderful daily driver the RS4 can be. I've been able to get 24.9 mpg when driving very conservatively. What other 400+ HP V8 car can you say that about? My only complaint is the location of the parking brake with regard to the arm rest. Otherwise, perfect.
As a 15 year Porsche Carrera owner most recently a 2005 C4S, I was sceptical on switching to an Audi. My biggest complaint with my C4S coupe was how noisy it was in the interior. I felt I had to compromise "comfort" for power. Not at all with the Audi Rs4! It out performs my C4S and with it's top down is quieter, too!! Hard to believe but true! The Audi also offered bluetooth & ipod dock, which Porsche has yet to offer! I love this car! It is so much fun to drive! It begs to go faster, which hopefully will not be near any law enforcement!
Overall, this car has been a pleasure to own. I previously owned an '04 S4 that still brought smiles to my face after four years. The RS4, however, really is a very different beast. The engine has a very distinctive character. Not only is the sound phenomenal but it just simply has more oomph throughout the rpm range. This is especially true above 5000rpm where the tach rushes to redline. Living in the northeast, the car has been wonderful in snow and ice. It is easy to drive even with the "S" mode activated (I had read where this made smooth driving difficult, but I disagree). The ride can be harsh but is superior to the S4. 
I recently just purchased a 2008 Audi RS4 roughly 3 weeks ago and just absolutely love it! There is no road or track that this beast of a sedan can't handle. Quattro all-wheel drive being implemented into this car is just fantastic. Driving up a road that was icy cars were unable to climp up that particular pass, I passed them with no trouble whatsoever and the looks on their faces were priceless. Wondering how in the world I managed to do it so easily. Nontheless it's an everyday performance sedan that you can actually accommodate passengers in the back seat, yet alone have enough space for just about anything with an extensive amount of trunk space.
I purchased the 2008 RS4 in July 07 and took delivery toward the end of October 07. I have not yet had a good chance to put it to any serious tests. However, from what I can tell so far, it is an extraordinary car and has exceeded my expectations on most accounts. You'll be amazed at how nice the car feels driving on mildly winding roads at 30-50 mph, and you'll be equally as impressed with it's ability to easily handle the same at 75mph. Acceleration is actually scary during the first week. All the other aspects you expect (the exhaust sound, the "sticky" 4wd, the short throw, the seats, etc.) are exactly as you'll hope: perfect. Chose this over 335xi and M3, no regrets at all.
Just picked up my 2008 RS4, Daytona Grey. Color is amazing The cars fit and finish, excellent. All smiles fun factor. Handling excellent, comfort great, back seat is comfortable also but leg room in rear could be a bit more. Engine is amazing, Beautiful carbon under the hood and sounds great. Much more engaging than the new M5 or M3, from first hand experience. You never get bored. Plus confidence of Audi's all wheel. Nothing like all wheel in the rain. I am very pleased. This blows your mind, The future next generation RS4 should even be better. Can't wait.
What a great car to own and drive. I looked at the new M3, AWD250, 335Xi. This is a great daily driver - even though Minnesota winters thanks to AWD. Handles great and performs like a dream. Not to mention the downright serene exhaust note. Suspension is firm enough to eat up the turns, but soft enough to not leave you bruised upon arrival. Great GT cruiser. Getting MUCH better MPG than the sticker claims even with fairly aggressive driving. B&O Sound system is great and a must have add on. Every time I get in this car I'm glad I went with the S5. A great blend of performance and fun - yet supply enough to be a daily driver. Now an Audi convert! (past cars MB E5004matic)
Have had my S5 for almost a year. Still love it every time I get in. Great overall experience. This is my 4th Audi: A8, 2 S4s and now S5. My favorite overall. Greatly improved fit/finish compared to my 2 S4s. Great in snow with high-performance snow tires. I would buy this car again without hesitation. Enjoying it too much to worry about mileage. I didn't get it for the mileage. Still like to just look at it after a year-great design.
The Audi S5 is the perfect all-around all weather car. In the time leading up to my purchase I drove the new M3, RS4, A5 and S4. The S5 is the perfect combination of performance, comfort, style, features and audible pleasure. I loved driving the M3 and was close to deciding on that car but I was a little worried about RWD in the northern Wisconsin winters that can make driving even an AWD car a challenge 6-8 months out of the year. After nearly three weeks with the S5 I can say I am thrilled with all aspects of the Audi. I disagree with people on the MPG, for a car of this type, the MPG is great. I drove 200+ highway miles today and got 23mpg. That is up from 19mpg in the 1st 1000miles. 
So far, so great. I traded a 2007 A6 4.2 for this S5 I have driven a few cars in the last three months, A5, new M3 and my S5. The S5 is the perfect blend of performance, comfort, style, quality and all weather security. I really liked the M3 but was nervous about the Wisconsin winters and RWD. Then I saw the S5 in person, drove it and fell in love. 
Took delivery back in late jan 2008. Have logged close to 2500 miles in mixed driving. Car handles phenomenally and is a head turner wherever I go. Build quality is impeccable, interior design and exterior styling make this one unique car. Also looked at the 335xi but the audi interior was more aesthetically pleasing, this layout is very driver centric. Although the car is heavy handling is precise and the car feels like it's on rails, especially in the twisties where it simply attacks the corners. Biggest downside is the v8 gas gulper but the car is such a joy to drive that the sub par gas mileage becomes bearable.
I have had my Audi for about 3 weeks and have had many positive comments about the car. I will say this is my first Audi but I am overall a lover of cars, owning everything from SUV's to American Muscle cars to Japanese rides such as the G-35 coupe. Positives-The S5 is an excellent ride, not too rough for a sports car, ergonomics are great, V-8 is very responsive in all gears. Day time running lights turn countless heads. I-pod integration a must. Spacious trunk. Tight handling. Negatives- electronic speed limited. No voice activated Bluetooth. Horrible gas mileage. No standard all season high performance tires. 
The bluetooth may bring some connection headaches...but it's a hell of a machine. Key functions may also not be as well connected. Nonetheless, very comfortable and extremely smooth in gear shifting. It has an awesome shape and look to it. The base is low so parking and going thru dips may scratch the front bottom bumper
I live in the Chicago area so my initial concerns were: a) what do I do if it snows and b) the gas mileage ain't pretty. As for the snow - of which we saw a near record amount this year - the S5 drives exceptionally well. I dumped the summer performance tires within hours of picking up the car replacing them with high performance all seasons. The car's power is so easy that driving slow in rough conditions is easy. The gas mileage is terrible.
This is my third Audi and by far the most fun to drive. I've owned a 2000 A4 2.8 Avant and 2006 A3 2.0T and this upholds the Audi reputation for excellent interiors and beautiful exterior design. This car is beautiful by looks and in driving. The growl of the V8 had me from the start, but sitting inside you get to appreciate the attention to car-driver intuitive design. The six-speed manual has a nice feel, but 1st can be a bit abrupt, but it's a bit new so too early to judge. Gas mileage is a definite concern (~12-22mpg), but only time will tell.
To be a first time Audi owner with a 2008 S5 is the best car experience I've ever had. The car is absolutely stunning from any angle and light setting. I have soccer moms looking at the car at stop lights! Not very easy to get used to I might add. The performance and V8 sound more than equal its stunning looks. Interior Fit and Finish are Audi's best, and the MMI is easy to use and informational. The Bang & Olufsen stereo is amazing, but its usually muted since I love hearing the V8 engine noises inside the cabin, and also with the windows down. 
This is my 17th car, following just about everything but Audi (Porsche 928 and 996 Turbo, SL500, BMW 735, and assorted Ford and Chevy cars). Hands down, this is the best automotive execution I have driven. I'm a nut for picking apart failed user interfaces (my job), and this car has not disappointed me, however I'm only about 75% familiar with it after 400 miles. MMI is a bit complicated, so the Driver Information System and steering wheel controls are fabulous; you can do 90% of what you need very quickly, intuitively, and with eyes forward. IPod integration, including playlist support, is great, and will save lives. The motor and drivetrain is wonderful.
Being the 1st review means I haven't had it long enough to really have good answer to some question. Went in for an A6/R6, was shown this "one and only" by a friend and 5 min later it was mine. This car is as nice to drive and it is to look at. The DI V8 has such a unique sound at first I though there was a miss, but it's growing on me. Waiting for more mileage to go stand on it. Quick checks tell me that MPG is 22+/- if your on the road. This is a 6 speed and love the way it shifts. If I had the option I would have got the automatic but would have to wait for 4-5 months and maybe not in a S5?
Until recently I have owned and driven BMWs, the most recent being a 330 xi. That was the last Bimmer I will ever buy, Audi has converted me to a loyal and longterm fan. I have been curious of Audi as a brand for some time and the look of the new S5 was what it took to get me to go and have a closer look. Wow.
It's been a year now and I still love this car. I did have a problem with the top locking up. Now there is a recall for that part(s). I'm over 6 feet but I sit comfortably in this convertible. Kicking myself for not purchasing the Audi Care Service for $740 in IL. Maybe they will let me buy it before the 15k service? Love the paddle shifters. Hate the Ipod interface. I have to guess at the playlist, album, artists. My wife used regular unleaded against my wishes and it has not affected my 28mpg! Where can I get some track time and properly learn how to push this car to its limits.
My previous cars were a 2005 Lotus Elise and a 2000 Boxster S before that. I need a 4 seater for my baby son and the TT was the only car that really interested me short of a 911. Comparatively, the TT is very capable in the real world. Its handling is decent, however the steering a bit light and there's too much understeer in the canyons. Acceleration is decent and brake is excellent. Storage is adequate. It's a good daily driver car. I did compare payment to a similar spec VW GTi (no interest in it but just doing due diligence) and the TT is about $125 more a month so it's not a bad deal.
Got this 3.2 coupe used and am loving it! Handles like a dream and the dual clutch tranny is by far the best feature. Would buy a 4 cylinder if buying new, but wanted to Quattro and saved. 08 3.2 was my only option for Quattro given used and value. As for gas mileage, averaging about 22 and am happy with it. It hard to compare the gas mileage in my mind when this thing wants to run well above the speed limit. If you want to push it off the line every time then the numbers will drop, and yes, so will they in any car. I'm very impressed with the style throughout, and cannot get over the attention to detail in the beauty. 
Perfect in every way. Love the headlights, tail lights, interior, exterior, and 10 spoke bicolor rims that stand out.
I have been driving my 1995 Audi 90 for over 13 years when I upgraded to a slightly used 2008 Audi TT. Wow, what a difference a decade makes. I am amazed at the power of the 2.0T, along with the smoothnessof the whole vehicle. I've owned Audi's for over 25 years, so I am a fan - but of course there are some things that could be improved.
Three years ago, after having three TTs, I traded the last one for an A3. But when the redesigned TT model came out, I couldn't resist. The 2008 coupe (3.2 quattro with S-tronic) is a step above the previous models in every respect: power, handling, styling, sophistication, fun. I especially like the smoothness of the S-tronic, which hesitated quite a bit in the last two cars I had. The larger interior is just enough to make friends say it no longer feels cramped. 
This is a nice little car. Convenient as the size allows easy parking everywhere. Gas mileage is acceptable, not as good as the 2.0 version. Interior is outstanding (enhanced leather interior), the rear seats work well with my 2 children (ages 9 and 6) for short rides. The suspension feels a little harsh (I don't have magnetic suspension), which might be a deal breaker for some. However, no car is perfect and this one is not the exception. 
What can I say. It's summer time and I like to drive with my top off. I still need to get used to it since I only drove it for a week. It's a head turner for sure. I couldn't do that with my old car, so I am pretty happy with it. I have yet to test the S drive and the S tronic though, but the D drive has been exciting so far 
Bought this for my wife, she needed one last sports car before we she got "old". She had an old 1976 Porsche 911 but loves this car better, in fact she's says the TT is her best car ever. Bought a red color coupe and she loves it. It's perfect for her petite size and I know she loves getting all the attention. The handling is great, it wants to be driven and before she knows it the spolier pops up and she notices that she's going 80 miles plus. The trunk is big enough for a weekend trip. I'm just a bit too big for the seat which is too confining for me on a long drive but it's a her car and she loves it.. When Mama's happy everybody's happy.
This car is amazing! Style, performance, and quality are all 10. The 4cyl turbo is great, plenty of kick to it. Peformance and economy, my last fill up was averaged at 30mpg. I was hesitant to purchase an automatic, what's the fun of a sports car that you can't shift? However, the paddle shifters are a lot of fun, and make up for a spouse that can't drive stick. The top drops smooth and speedy. Nice to be able to put it up or down when moving. The launch control feature is a blast! It will light the tires up like it had 400 horses under the hood. Great in the snow as FWD only. 
I love to drive this car. I had a car that got better gas mileage, and just couldn't give up driving this fun sports car. Too early really to tell about reliability. With numerous frost heave "speedbumps" and potholes around here, I started hearing a knocking noise in the front end when going over a bump. The dealership however didn't hear it. Of course, I'm still under warranty. They also told me that the 2 bent rims are "slight" although I have a tire/rim warranty. The rear tires are worn out at around 17,000 miles. They stick like glue to the road however. Would I buy this car again? You bet!
I won a 08 TT coupe in Bixoli, MS at the Grand Casino and traded it for a Roadster with 47 miles on it at the dealer. I have had 6 convertibles before this and never an Audi (3 MGs, 1 Mustang, 1 LeSabre, 1 Miata). This baby takes the cake, it is smooth and agressive at the same time. I just love this car. It is a real eye turner also. Drives well in the city and runs like a scalded dog when you put your foot into it on the interstate. I love when the automatic spooler goes up at 75mph (you can manually do it also in town ) and people point at you with amazement as you pass.
Really wonderful except the gas mileage. After having owned three 225hp TT Roadster before I have to admit I really like the sound of the engine. Compared to the 225hp experiences before however this 6cyl consumes considerably more fuel (hwy 25 vs hwy 29). Obviously the first TT almost made me a die-hard TT fan, but there have been considerable improvements to the new generation, such as a larger trunk (no lie: it can manage two gold bags), a better top, great GPS and customizable computer. Needless to say that I just love the design. All wheel makes it a safer ride even under challenging circumstances.
This car is simply a blast to drive. I have the basic 4cyl turbo model and it flies. Car is built to be driven hard. I have a stop and go and highway commute and its is happy doing both. It is tight and responsive and loves to be pushed. Driving this car will actually make you smile every single time you get in. You will find yourself looking for reasons to go for a drive. Everyone will look at you in this car simply b/c there are so few out there on the road. Truly a fun car to own and pleasure to drive
My second Audi TT is red. It is a great looking car. The top has broken and gets stuck down. This has happened twice in one month. It was fixed and only lasted a few weeks. Also the passenger window doesn't lay flush with the door after several repair attempts. It looks better with the window not sticking up a little. I could use some help with this. Obviously I loved the TT enough to lease another one. I was hoping it would work well like the 2004 TT I leased for 4 happy years.
I first saw the Audi TT on the road and immediately started to do my research. After attending the Chicago auto show, I was sold on the TT and had to have one I now own a 3.2L 6 speed manual and can desribe this vehicle in one word: powerful. Driving this car is truly an experience and we cannot wait to take it for a long drive. The car handles so well that I can drive 90 mph and not feel any vibration. If you are thinking of buying this vehicle, stop thinking and buy. You will love it!
My new Audi replaces a 2002 TT 225 Quattro 6 speed manual. I almost expect to have minor electrical and mechanical issues, but it's a compromise when driving this great road going car. The new TT has only a few hundred miles, but it is easy to see and feel the differences. It is a better appointed interior, and the DSG has become very smooth in its delivery. The gusty exhaust note is what I listen to most when I drive, though the basic factory stereo sounds great. Bought the car for Quattro and when I had a FWD A3 for loaner, it was apparent I made the right decision. I'll check back after I get through the self imposed 5k mile "keep the RPM under 3500) break-in period. Easier said than done
Had my TT for 1 week and loving it! Fully loaded excl. nav and mag. ride. Was considering an '04/'05 but then saw the '08 and it was all over. I test drove the 2.0 but decided on the 3.2 due to power and Quattro - I expect to keep this car for a long time.
Bought the TT after having an Audi Cab for many years. Loved the car at first sight and had to have it. It has never disappointed me. Handles in snow and ice without any difficulties or worries. 
I have had this car for 8 months and I still get all giddy when I see it. I feel that the seats fit my body so well that when I sit down in them, my happy tt is giving me a hug. Its fast, its sexy and handles well. I have never felt that the car has put me in danger and I love how noisy the exhaust is (but its not an annoying noise like from some modified cars). I feel bad for people who have chosen to buy other cars in its class.
I have had some problems with my AUTOMATIC transmission. When I am stopped on a hill and then try to go, the car rolls backward like I have a manual transmission. There does not seem to be a hill-holder feature. What is maddening, is that this only happens occasionally. I must put my foot on the brake AND gas to keep from hitting the car behind me. When I reported the problem to the dealership, they said it was a normal characteristic of the car. Also, the car rolls backward an inch, or so, when I put it in park on a hill. The transmission seems loose, or sloppy. My dealership can find nothing wrong. I can't believe this is a NORMAL characteristic of the car. 
I am a previous 2003 TT roadster owner and I was very happy with this car. However, the improvements of the 2008 made it a car I had to have. I was reluctant to give up my turbo to the v6 but I have to say I have not missed it much. This car still has quick pickup and speed whenever I need it. I love the optional navigation, ipod interface, and bluetooth. I also love the manageability of the cars computer view on the console. I shopped for many months before purchasing a new car and it came down to the Z06 and the TT. Yeah, some V8 corvette lover is laughing at me right now but bang for the buck I got the better car. I have been an owner of both cars and in the end best car won.
Nothing but fun to drive for me with the Stronic gear box and my wife can still drive it like an auto.
My first Audi. I love it. The styling blows me away everytime I go to drive. I can't believe that the best car in any parking lot is my mine. Loads of room in the front and the trunk. The rear seats are good for shopping or our medium sized dog. Even if I'm stuck in traffic I can enjoy the elegance of this car, until, that is, there is an opportunity to use all the power - exhilarating! 2 (optional) suspension modes (sport/regular) and 4 transmission choices (auto, sport, paddle override and clutchless manual - great combinations. The quattro AWD drive is superb in the snow. I am hoping reliability is good but I've only had it 3 months. As an only car, for a kid free couple it's fantastic
I have only had the car for less than a month but love it. I traded an 03 Audi TT which I thought was a great car but it pales in comparison to the new one. Extremely fun to drive but be careful, I just got my first speeding ticket in 10 years with it. Very tight, responsive, and roomy for a 2 seater. Bluetooth has not worked properly since I bought it and am taking it back to service (again) next week. The bluetooth receives very clearly but transmission is broken up to the point the other person can barely understand what I am saying.
Wait -- let me wipe the silly grin off my face. How much fun can you have in a car? Design, build, performance are all first rate. First Audi I have owned and I am impressed. It's quick, nimble, but comfortable and accomodating. The interior looks and feels so much better than the Mercedes and BMW we test drove (forego the standard Alcantara upholstery - the Napa leather upgrades are worth the extra money). It turns heads wherever it goes.
Just got the 08 TT roadster convertible Sahara Silver with Baseball Glove leather interior, and mag ride. I am amazed at how fun the car is to drive, being my first convertible, first german car ever, and with cornering/acceleration that is way fun. I cannot imagine springing for the 3.2 when my turbo 4 cyl is as much fun as I'd want to have. I'm not dragging it at the track or anything. The clincher is that the color and style is out of this world beautiful. I believe it's an instant classic. I'm hoping it's sufficiently reliable, though as a 4th car (parked except for weekends and special occasions), I'm willing to tolerate some compromises and shop time for its charms.
Took delivery in late July after ordering the 1st of May. Could not be happier. My last convertible was 17 years ago, a Silver Buick Reatta. Reatta needed more power and was much heavier than the TT and had vague steering compared to razor sharp feel now. I flashed the chip with APR software and the car moves very responsively and smoothly. Also replaced the fogs with PIAA HIDs and put in bright amber DRLs. I plan to install an air intake system and rework the exhaust in the near future. The car will be a project, with mods installed as they come to market. I may even put in a higher- performance turbo in the future, with nitrous being considered. 
This is my first European car, and so far it has exceeded my high expectations. The styling is beautiful, the ride is comfortable and solid, it's very zippy, very nimble, steering is very comfortable, fuel economy is great even if you like to accelerate quickly. The interior is composed of high quality materials and a soothing variety of textures and finishes. The controls are all at your fingertips and easy to operate. It also has very decent cargo capacity that is actually accessible. I could go on, but suffice it to say it's a truly exceptional experience to drive!
I've had the new Audi TT Roadster for around 2 weeks and it is by far the best car I have ever owned! I've had the Z4 and the 2006 Boxster and none of the come even close to the 2008 TT Roadster. Everything about this car is flawless!
I have only had the car for 2 days but I am in love! After test driving several the Infiniti G35X, Acura TL Type S, BMW 328xi I was set to buy the TL-S when I stopped by my Audi dealer. When I saw the new 2008 TT coupe, I stopped dead in my tracks - I don't think there is a better looking car on the road. I drove both the 3.2 Quattro and 2.0T and while the former has a little extra punch and impeccable handling, the 2.0T was plenty strong and nimble. And it fit my wallet better. I have a hard time finding any faults with the TT, but even a harder time wiping the smile off my face when driving it. I truly think this car is a good value compared to the competition.
I drove this car today at work and I have to say it's the best car I have ever driven in my life. It's really solid, stable in the corners, pretty good ride for a sports car with performance tires. The exterior design is exceptional. Plenty of interior room for me, being 6'1"
This car is amazing. I have had it for 9 months and love it just as much as the first day I bought it. The build quality is the best I have ever seen in a new car. Acceleration is good in Drive mode and great in Sport Mode. On the highway it is as stable at 75 mph as it was at 25 mph. It is the best car I have ever owned. 
Can't say enough how much fun is to drive this car. love it. If y're in the market for a new car, give yourself a favor to test drive the 1 series. Purchased my 135i convertible in 02.2009 with $6k below msrp including the $750 leasing incentive. Most fun car I have ever driven.
I purchased this car to replace a 3 series BMW that saved my life in a crash involving a deer. I traveled to Germany to pick up the car and was able to drive at 120 mph with complete confidence because of the safety features built in to the car. A few weeks ago I was returning home on the freeway around midnight when I saw a wrong-way driver coming right for me in my lane. I had only about two seconds to react, and the Dynamic Stability Control helped me move quickly and safely out of the way. I can't say enough about my confidence in this car. 
Exceptional performance, fun and reliability. Purchased my 135i convertible in Dec 2008 (good time to buy, great deal, low 0.9 financing). Must say we are a BMW family, and also own a 535i, and previously owned a 330i and Z3 (3.0) so we are biased to the exceptional service, warranty, and purchase experience at BMW. Have put 24K miles on it in 9 months with no problems. Very comfortable for one or two people, excellent seats and ergonomics. Purchased this as a replacement to a 2001 Z3 3.0 with 200K miles, so I view the small back seat as extended cargo space. Smooth, for it's class, on the highway and exceptional on back roads and acceleration. A true wolf in sheep's clothing. 
I just bought a NEW 2008 model from the showroom floor. It's loaded with every conceivable option; but I got the car nearly $6,000 off invoice. Still pricey... but definitely worth it! I can't say enough about this little gem! It is the MOST fun I've ever had driving! I wake up every morning and cannot WAIT to drive my car to work! I love the top down fun with my iPod tunes blasting. The iDrive is a little quirky, but once you figure it out, it's fine. The ride is superb, the fit and finish is all BMW... the drive and handling is exactly what you would expect... perfection. Love it, love it, love it... you will NOT be sorry you bought this car! Just do it!
Even after 15 months, I still absolutely love this car. It's very unique as you don't see many around, so that's a nice touch. Wasn't even in the market when I bought the car, but had to have it once I drove it. The handling of this car is very smooth and very precise, glides through corners and turns with ease and precision. Lots of power for a car this size. Others are surprised by how fast and quick this little car can be. I don't think of it as a true sports car (although the backseat is basically unusable) because it's got a great ride for a car that is so low to the ground (no sport package) and lots of nice luxury touches as well. Nothing else like it on the road.
Relentless acceleration, great engine sound, and fantastic handling. Regular mode for automatic is like an economy mode in normal driving. Sport mode feels like a manual in that it holds a gear and quickly downshifts. Do not really use paddle shifters very much.There is plenty of room in front and the rear is acceptable if average size. Rear is difficult to access. Top mounted seat position adjusters are very handy for this. Careful driving results in excellent gas mileage. Ride is acceptable, and would be much better without run flats. Great visibility and very nice interior. At first sport seats seemed confining, but now they feel very comfortable. I enjoy each chance I have to drive it.
Bought mine as a leftover 08. Got a great deal. Idrive, Nav, Cold Weather Pack, Sport Susp, Convert, Sport Seats, Active Steer, and whatever else they can add. Owned 3 weeks, rear quarter window switch went out. Replaced w/o a problem. Dealership is excellent! Gas mileage is a little poor. But I can't keep my foot out of it. This is a great little car for fun. Works well as an everyday driver. This car is amazing. Speed, handling are crazy. Do yourself a favor. Drive one and you will be SOLD. And resale is great. 
I went from a Z4 to the 128i convertible and from manual to automatic transmission so there was an adjustment in expectations. Overall, I have been very happy with the 128. The build quality is outstanding. The handling is exceptional and the motor has plenty of punch, especially in manual shift mode. I love the way the car learns your driving style. The only negative is the standard sound system (not the premium pkg). Speaker placement makes it virtually inaudible with the top down at freeway speeds. The Z4 was better probably because the speakers were directly behind the seat. 
Awesome...just awesome. My wife and I bought our Baby B a year ago for our 20th anniversary. We bought it specifically as a weekend car, hence the low miles. Our car is loaded with every option possible except for heated seats which we don't need in Houston. The car is stupidly fast, handles incredibly well and is built SOLID. I never really noticed a difference in build quality before with my American or Japanese cars...until I bought my first BMW. Tight is the only word that comes to mind. Since the 1 is still somewhat rare I get head turns everywhere I drive her. It really is an amazing car. p.s. We got a stick :p
I bought this car after being overseas for 2 years. I wanted a car that was fast and fun, but I didn't want the 'boy racer' look that the Evo conveys. After two days of shopping looking at both American and foreign cars, I choose the 135, and I was not disappointed. It is small so you have all the maneuverability that you want, yet big enough that I was able to move from Jersey to DC with it. I have gotten many compliments from people on the car, as they are still relatively new. I got the Sedona Red Metallica color, and it looks awesome. Also I wanted a true sports car so I got a manual and the clutch is extremely smooth. 
I took delivery of the car just prior to the summer and got to enjoy the full on summer experience but wanted to live with it through a winter before writing a review. The verdict: invest in good set of snow tires and the car is almost as much fun in the winter as in the summer. The DSC system is totally effective at keeping things under control on snow packed roads. Switch it off and it's donut time. All year round the power is enticing - smooth and unrelenting -if you keep your foot in it you will be in road-side vehicle seizure territory in a blink. Yes, the cabin is a bit tight and you wish for a few more cubbies and a bigger glovebox but the overall experience is worth it. Practical fun.
I sold my Audi A4 3.2 to my son and drove to Roadshow BMW, Memphis, TN to look at a Mini Cooper S. Drove out with a BMW 135i! They were great to deal with. I test drove one in Little Rock last summer and didn't realize how fast it is. I now understand what BMW mean by Ultimate Driving Machine! The A4 is a great car but the 135i is even better. The car is much quicker, the handling is better, road feel is better and it's quieter.
All around solid, stays on road. Engine has a "low throaty" sound that sets off other car alarms - too cool! Small size is very convenient, fun and adds to the great acceleration. Quiet interior with top up, car suspension handles train track crossings and bumps with ease. In rain, excellent perf both from a handling, sound & water management. I have to admit, it is expensive and very unpractical, BUT it is a kick in the pants to drive and makes my commute fun! To hell with the economy and my crappy 401K perf - let's go for a drive! 
6 months and zero issues at all (never had this experience with prev. german cars purchased). Everything works well, surprised at how well it drives in snow (took it to Killington VT). If you drive carefully, easy to get 30/31 mpg on the highway (auto trans), but the moment you put some gusto in your driving and you hit 22 mpg very fast.
Been looking forward to getting my 135 and it's finally here. What a great car; amazing engine of course and with better brakes than the new M3. Drove my brothers 09 M3 and this car felt almost as quick. I say felt because now I added the computer upgrade from Vishnu that brings my 135 to 400hp!! This car is now a monster! Of course the materials used in this car are not quite as nice but, for the money you can't go wrong. 
My 128i coupe is the only one left in this country with red leather & black ext. It is equipped with Premium, Sport, and Cold packages. It is very stable, you can't feel driving over 70 mph. Handling and corning are smooth. Overall of this vehicle is fun to drive with, but too expensive to own it. MBenz C300 sport is worth of buying, they're nearly the same price.
This car looks great from a distance but open the trunk and wham, primer everywhere, that paint should be like on the outside! Guess that's why the rust protection is what 4 years! Then they put those cheesy plastic plugs through the carpet on the trunk lid to affix it to the metal and put holes in the metal to do it - cheap. I open the hood and there is a long line of open unfinished jagged steel down the inside of each side of the hood. Talk about cheap! Everywhere I look I see corners like that cut.
I actually live in Germany and have the hatchback 118d version of the 1 series which I don't think is available in the US yet. It has been a superb choice, extremely fuel efficient in a country where gas has been even more expensive, an absolute blast to scoot around town in but with an interior comfortable enough for a ong trip. The business stereo package is incredible also. I am leasing now and will likely buy when I can.
50/50 distribution, rock solid chassis, sweet six. I love the looks of this car. One of the few 2 door rear drive coupes. Good package for the money. Some understeer at lower speed. Great to tailwhip in the rain! Transmission could be smoother. Sports pack is nice. 
If you love driving this is the car you need to get. Fast, no turbo lag, unbelievable road feel when cornering, great brakes. The controls are intuitive, bluetooth works fine. Test drove an automatic however bought a manual (even without trying it) which I think is far superior. If you live in a cold climate and you are getting the Sports package have in mind that you'll need winter tire/wheel combo - around $2500, this is if you go for the only BMW approved winter tire option. 
I love my 128. It is great fun to drive. It has more than enough power for a casual driver such as me. With its 6-speed transmission, it generally gets around 24-26 mpg in the city. I have always liked the looks of BMW. Now I get the look at a fairly decent price. The 128 is a luxury car without many frills. The interior has been pared of luxury to make space for roominess. Well for the people in front, anyway. It's still pretty much a 2-seater. Oddly, for a BMW, the interior is without many standards items I have grown used to over the years. Example: The 128 is curiously without a functional cupholder. The only working cupholder is directly behind the shifter. I still love it. 
This is the BMW the way it suppose to be! I have been in Germany since 2006 and I drove tons of different vehicles on the autobahn, but this baby is a rocket!!! Took it to 220-230 km/h on the autobahn and it was solid planted on the road. I have the Sport Package with the Z-rated tires and that helps a lot. Love the sound of the engine, great rev crescendo, no turbo lag, corners amazing on European twisted roads! Overall, a better "driver car" oriented vehicle compared to the 3 series which seems heavy after driving the 1 series.
What a lovely and potent little coupe. A true driver's car, taut, precise, nimble and all those other accolades one can conjure for a superlative German performance car. The car corners like it was on rails with no discernible body roll. Absolutely NO turbo lag anywhere on the power curve which is nothing short of a miracle. I have found nothing to dislike about this car whatsoever after 1700 miles. Of course the mileage is mediocre at best (16.5 city, 22-25 highway) but I knew that going in. Fit and finish are superb and the cockpit is both comfy & functional as a true Germanic driving machine should be. Instruments are well placed and easy to use. No iDrive = no complaints. A superb car.
I have had this car for over a month now and I am having so much fun with it. I have a big SUV to haul my 4 kids around so when I climb into my 135 convertible, it's a pleasure to drive. Recently, I had something in one of my tires and the lights came on to alert me. I took it in to BMW service dept. and sure enough I had a nail in the tire. Not cheap tires to replace though! I have the sport package and it has run-flat tires on it. Where ever I go, I get people coming up and asking me about this car.
Just got done driving 4000 miles across country. All I can say is that I'm very disappointed. Engine is fantastic, and the suspension is good, if not a touch soft. Fuel economy is decent, and pretty much what I expected. The seats are pretty comfortable and supportive on long trips, though not the best I've been in. What I didn't expect is the car surrounding this great motor to be such a piece of junk. It rattles over every pebble, the passenger side window no longer works, and the "premium" speakers are defective and emit nothing but static when playing high notes. Overall, not worth $40,000. And the last BMW I ever buy.
I've owned a 135i for 4 months now. It's fun to drive, but suffers from multiple problems/issues: Throttle response is poor for a car advertised as having no turbo lag. My wife drives a Saab 9.5 which has a better throttle response, especially at low RPM. Dealer tells me performance is 'within spec'. I can't see the radio with polarized glasses on. Radio seems to shut down intermittently, usually right after power-up. Dealer diagnosed a faulty fuel pump, and I'm on a waiting list for a replacement. Apparently they're on backorder??? Run-flat tires are a disappointment. Overall, the car handles and accelerates well, but is a disappointment compared to the E36 M3 I drove before the 135
It's fun to drive and has a good amount of power for the size of the car. Overall it's a decent car. A few initial complaints would be the passenger seat is a little uncomfortable when the cupholder is installed (although it is removable), the standard stereo is mediocre (speakers rattle at times and changing stations is not intuitive), the second cupholder can only be used when the armrest is in the up position (unless you use it for a really short cup), and the iDrive needs improvement. If these complaints seem trivial, it's because they are. Overall the car is a great little car that most people would enjoy.
My Z4 lease was up and after research on edmunds, I decided to test this car. I liked the seats, soft top and price better than the 3 series. I am enjoying the additional room this car offers, the better ride and the performance. The 4/50k service is a real plus. I really love this car.
I have never driven a car as much fun as this one is to drive. I may even take my wife to a driving school so she can enjoy it. I didn't like the look of the car when I ordered it but I bought it after one test drive around the block.{the demo car} Now I like the looks but that had nothing to do with the purchase. It is that much fun to drive. I average 22 miles per gallon but you can get 27 if you want to drive that way. I don't. On the highway 28 is easy. I wanted a sports car but with a little more room. This car is by itself when you factor in room and handling. It wasn't cheap but the best never is.
Everything in this car is in harmony from the shifter that snicks into gear to the razor sharp precision of the steering wheel to the sport seats with adjustable bolsters that hold you in place. If you exercise restraint when ordering (and don't mind the wait) this car is actually a bargain. I got an 08' 135i AW w/6sp and sport package. Everything from Xenon adaptive lighting to rain sensing wipers are standard. It comes with a lot of feature content for the money. The ride is stiff but well damped, it is amazing how well BMW pulls this off. Everything in a BMW revolves around the engine and what an engine it is. There is power in every gear at every RPM.
I test drove it on the Autobahn and it is the bomb! Really fast. There is a slight lag in the throttle response during highway (Autobahn) overtaking, but I can live with that. Probably from the turbos. Using the sequential manual transmission is a blast. However, the gas mileage is really poor in that mode. I drove a total of 29 miles all in the SMT mode and used a quarter of a tank. Assuming a full tank is 16 gallons, I used 4-gallons, or about 7-miles to the gallon. Too bad. If you really like sporty driving then get a manual transmission. That said from a performance perspective, it is almost a perfect car.
A very fun car with great power when the new software doesn't make the turbos lag. Not as much low end torque as the first 135i I test drove in March 08. Now needing a fuel pump makes me wish I bought an Acura or Infiniti. Lots of fun when it's not in the shop. Run flat tires ride like bricks. The suspension is a little soft. I wish the cruise control was on the steering wheel. Getting into 2nd gear is slow and temperamental. Can't read the radio with sunglasses on. Headlights look like a crazy cat. Overall it's a blast to drive, but the magazines must have tested one without the new 29.2 software that causes turbo lag. Would I buy it again? Not sure???
I considered the 3series convertible before purchasing my Mini Cooper S convertible in 2005. I loved driving it in town but it was stiff riding and uncomfortable on the highway. One day, one of my students brought in a 1 series brochure. I loved the car from the minute I saw it. Immediately I scheduled a test drive and ordered the car in April. After returning from Germany on June 20th, my BMW was waiting for me. I own the car for 9 days now. The car really drives well and I just love it. It performs well and is smooth riding on the highway. My husband liked the Mini Cooper S conv. a lot but after driving/riding the BMW conv. he changed his mind. I'm/we are sold on the new 1 series.
After test driving I couldn't resist treating myself to this baby. Being on a relatively tight budget I custom ordered a pretty bare-bones model since the options add up so quickly. It was well worth the wait and the price. I've enjoyed every second in the car.
This car is both comfortable and very fun to drive. Being six feet tall, I thought the back seat would be a little tight for me, however when I have sat in the back it is more than enough room and also very comfortable. The materials and interior design are very excellently crafted, as well as the beautiful exterior. Automatic roof works great and car is amazing with the top down. The engine sounds powerful and exhilarating, and yet the ride is very quiet. The premium Hi-Fi sound system sounds great with the top up or down. iPhone compatibility is great and sounds great on both sides of the phone, even with the top down and strong winds.
After test driving this little beast for almost an hour I got back in my 04 G35 Coupe 6M, that I had loved for 4 years till that moment. My G felt big, bulky and slow by comparison. I had also driven the new G37 which is a big improvement over the older model, but it just could not compare to the nimble, precise pocket rocket that is the 135i. The car handles like it's on rails and yet is so comfortable. If you don't need a big car this little gem is pretty much perfect. Actually, the trunk in the 135i is much bigger than the older or new G. Bottom line, this is the best car I have ever driven or owned and I still can't get the silly grin off my face when I get out of it.
I had a Z4 previously and loved it, but overall I like the 1er better. Meets or exceeds every one of my expectation. The 128i is plenty fast and is more practical than the 135i. The 135i is almost stupid fast and very few drivers will be able to get more than 30% out of what the car is capable of.
I am 6'2" and I am very comfortable in the car. I have been in it for several hours at a time and never felt the urge to have to shift my weight in the seat. I was initialy concerned about my leg resting against the firewall and it becoming uncomfortable but its actually quite nice. The stock stereo is very nice and the iPod connection is effortless. The shifting is incredibly easy, the clutch is quite predictable and the power is relentless. I can be going 80 mph on the highway and floor it and the car just takes off. The footwell is a little cramped and I don't suggest driving with sandals on. Cornering is incredible as well and if your going too fast the DSC kicks in just when it should. 
I traded in my Z4 for the 128. I like the comfort of the interior and the addtional room of this car. It is responsive and the braking is excellent. The 128 doesn't deliver the same level of power as the 135, but I drive in heavy traffic and the six cyl. is more than adequate. I really love this car.
My wife and I test drove many new convertibles and decided to purchase the 128i convertible. I'm 6'2" and discovered I don't fit comfortably in most 2-seaters out there. We are very happy with our car and would highly recommend it for many reasons. The car handles like no other car I've ever driven, probably due to the sports package. It is very comfortable with the leather power seats and we were actually able to fit our two teenaged sons in the back, a bit snug but do able. Acceleration is very smooth and the 6- speed automatic transmission shifts just right, in fully auto or manual modes. We also like the zero-maintenance cost feature that covers everything except tires for 4 yrs
I just finished an 800 mile roadtrip across NM and CO. What a treat! I bought it as a roadtrip car to keep forever, so no turbos or nav/iDrive. I have an automatic with premium and cold weather pkg. The car was comfortable and smooth. The unexpected highlights were a roof that had amazing sound dampening, plenty of engine power even at 10000+ feet and a final gas mileage of 32.2mpg across central Colorado (avg speed 54.5mph). The car was FANTASTIC, everything I hoped for and more when I decided to buy it. I researched many other vehicles from an Eos to a MB CLK350 before getting this. As a first year model I thought it might be valuable one day, too.
This car is comfortable in every situation. The motor is flawless and pulls like anything I've ever driven. This car flies and stops like you wouldn't believe. Take a test drive to really appreciate this car. You will be hard fought to find something better for the money!
This is a sports car in coupe clothing - very fast with great handling. The ride is suprisingly supple. You can feel the refinement. 
Wonderful design, with a lot of power. The seats are uncomfortable, and the ride is rough over NYC streets. It is not built for long rides. The windows rattle & the radio is not good. I think that the engine is too powerful for the size of the car. I find that driver must fight to harness the power, only very experienced drivers should drive the car. The car makes interior noises as it rides over rough roads. The car burns gas (22 hwy & 16 city) & it burns oil. I have had to bring the car into BMW service three times to have oil added in the first 7K miles. I test drove the BMW 328i coupe & I should have paid the difference for a better car. 
This car rates as high as one can on the performance and fun-to-drive categories. The power is everything the reviews say as well as the handling. Where the car fails is in the details. For the money I would expect better standard features or cheaper upgrades.
Just received my 135. It's the best car I've driven. I drove a wide range of cars ranging at all different price points up to over $100k. For $40k though, you can have one great performance car. I'd say the sports package is a must have. The iDrive takes some practice to get used to. The brakes are just amazing on the 1! 60 to 0 length is on par with far more exotic cars. Oh and one more thing, I think this car looks WAY better in person compared to photos. 
It's only a few hundred pounds lighter than the 3-series, but it feels a lot more light and nimble when you drive it. Both manual/auto transmissions are great: the shifting action of the manual is precise and confident; the clutch is predictable and easy to engage. There isn't much sacrifice at all in ride comfort because of its relatively tight dimension and suspension tuning. It truly is a great fun little car to toss around. It's certainly not as edgy or raw as the M3 (E46 or E92), but feels as quick and manuvable if not more (especially when compared to the new portlier E92 M3), and it has better gas mileage.
It's always a challenge to find a sporty performance car that is also luxurious, comfy and practical enough to be a primary vehicle. Simply put, this is the coolest, most fun, best equipped car I've ever driven.
I was looking for something fun to to drive and this IS IT! Drove G37, G35, TL-S, even a 335i. This is by far more responsive, fastest, and more enjoyable. Love the simple, but functional interior. 
Picked up a new 128i. Fun to drive, easy to park, brakes fabulously, accelerates like a rocket - sure not like the 135i but close enough. Great car, great ride, great BMW feel.
Just traded in an '03 911 for the 135i--wow, for about half the MSRP, I think I got twice the car. This is my first sports car without a stick shift. Love the beefy aluminum paddle shifters. Car absolutely flies. Inside is very quiet, except for the growl from the 300 hp engine. My Porsche was loud and uncomfortable and the 135 is so comfortable. I got the sport package and the seats are amazing. The thigh support is great for long trips. Car is an A+ and really does rival a 911 for performance but exceeds it for comfort and practicality with real back seat and room for two or three sets of golf clubs in trunk. I've owned a 911, Boxster S and a TT Coupe. The 135i blows them all away. 
The 135 is the perfect size for me. The power is awesome. Was concerned about the iDrive but learning curve is quick. Inside storage is pitiful. No place for even your glasses case. One usable cup holder. Red LED ambient lighting, without turning the dash intensity up to practically full, is not visible. Should have been blue. Premium sound system/HD radio is supurb. Blue tooth and conviencence access great. 6 speed shifts like butter. Cool feature is the brakes hold on a hill for a couple seconds so you don't roll backwards. Paint, fit and finish top notch. One gripe... Offer 18 inch, performance, NON RUN-FLAT tires w/spare. Run-flats are problematic, expensive and wear out quickly.
I never thought I would fall in love with the entry level baby bimmer!! This car is quite capable of being considered an entry level M car. It's got more than plenty of power, agility, speed, and superior performance handling. If you want a nicely priced bang for you dollar this is it. It's a definitely in the "gotta have" car list. Although back seat is a bit cramped, but what do you expect on a "premium compact" coupe? Gas is not too bad at 26 highway. Great everyday car and always fun to drive. You have to test drive it and really drive it both normal and hard to appreciate it.
Took delivery of my jet black 135i coupe the day they went on sale in the US. Truly a great car, both in terms of performance and styling. I chose the automatic with the paddle shifters since I use the car for urban commuting. It's hands-down the best automatic I've driven - just put it in Sport mode and the car moves like a rocket. It costs the same as a 328 coupe while delivering performance that is several notches above. While there's no other car that exactly compares, of all the other cars I drove the Cayman S feels the most similar - and at $20k more, it makes my $44k loaded 135 seem like an even greater bargain.
Well I think I just picked up one of the 1st 135is in North America, at least it's the only one in Wisconsin! This car just fits like a glove and when you first push the pedal you are completely blown away with the power of those 300 horses. Was looking at the Infiniti G37s and was waiting for this one to come out. Gotta say that I'm glad I waited!
Not only the best looking BMW, all the legendary handling and driving dynamics are there. The interior has adequate room for four although the rear seating can be somewhat lacking for large adults. Wonderful safety features such as door anchors and BMW assist give you a break on insurance rates. This car feels absolutely rock solid! No creaking sounds, no rattles, as if its made of a single piece of metal. It's cute on the outside and plush on the inside. Get the premium package... worth it with beautiful leather/electric seats, cool compass mirror, and bluetooth. This car may outsell the 3-series someday!
I was looking for a car that was fun to drive and the 135 fits the bill. The six-speed manual is a welcome change of pace from the ordinary and makes the twin-turbo a pocket-rocket. The sports suspension is firm but still very comfortable and the handling is superb. I'm 6'4" and there is plenty of room for me to change gears and maneuver. The profile of the car is spectacular and has already gotten a number of positive comments. If you are looking to get into a Bimmer that is all about fun, this is the car for you.
I ordered my car a few years ago and for the most part have really liked it with a few caveats. Its been driven to Montana in the snow and handled Seattle snow-pocolypse '09 with flying colors. I think it handles better in the snow than my previous subarus. The caveats: The fuel pump has been replaced twice due to factory flaw (warranty repair) and this series of car has consistent issues with the brakes making noise as you take off (not under braking). BMW currently will not fix it. The service experience has me re-thinking the car. I may go to something smaller and slightly more fuel efficient for commuting. It wouldn't be an issue if I bought a truck, but this is a BMW. I expected more.
As you can see above, I like the car. That said, I feel the dealers take advantage of the customer. This is a lease, and I need their approved service. They charged by $309 for a wheel alignment which could have been sold with poor alignment. Who's to know. Also, I was charged $483.00 for a tire replacement (simple nail). This is outrageous. According to the dealer, run-flats cannot be repaired. Again, I was stuck with the dealer recommendation. Run-flats are a poor excuse for "saving" the weight of a spare and "peace of mind" to be able to go 50 miles at 50mph (try that on an L.A. freeway). One must use secondary roads if one does not want to get rear- ended.
For the money this is one great car. Excellent performance for a 4dr sedan that gets around 23MPG. Smooth ride and lots of quality inside. Would buy this car again. 
Nicely appointed car with the driving excitement of a mid 90's Ford Taurus. 6 speed shiftable automatic transmission is rough in automatic modes and sluggish when shifted with paddles. Handling gives little road feel, and the car does very poorly on wet roads. Excessive road noise at highway speeds with original run-flat tires. BMW has managed to engineer the fun out of this very quick sedan. Gas mileage on premium is poor. Driver comfort with sport seats is very good, but the front passenger seat is cramped for an average adult. Many of the car's electronic features work only on an intermittent basis. The car is a real disappointment at $50K+ fully equipped.
Hands down the best car I've ever driven. Bought this car new almost 2 years ago. Still loving it and I'm averaging 24.2 MPG! (and I drive it hard). Had a few minor electrical issues that have been fixed for free, but I'm a bit nervous about the cost after the warranty expires. Definitely a small car though and not ideal for families if this is your primary ride. Run flats are stupid, but I've had no problems with mine. AWD in the winter is insane! 
This is my first BMW and I don't know that I'll ever go back. The car is firm, responsive, and powerful despite it being the low-man on the totem pole compared to the 335i and M3. Plenty of room (I'm 6'4") and an achievable purchase at slightly less than $30k.
Bought a 328xi sport coupe after previously owning 2 Audi TTs. The worst feature is the run flat tires. Ride is very harsh and the $300+ to replace is outrageous. Ruined one in the first 300 miles on an Interstate pothole. Had to drive 150 miles @ 50 MPH. At least it lasted more than the advertised 50 mi. The odometer and speedometer are 6-7% high (that's worth about $400 on a 30,000 mile lease). Poor design 12V port in center storage area is in a position that won't allow the lid to close when any of my eqpt plugs are inserted. Gas mileage is poor. Lucky to get 18 MPG even on Interstate. TT with DSG got >25 MPG, weighed about the same and was quicker. 328 automatic is crude compared to Audi.
The car handles well, especially around corners. The interior looks good. The noise from the engine/muffler seems too loud at highway speeds and I can't read the radio dial with polarized sun glasses. 
I bought the 335xi after my 1999 Volvo S80 T6 died after 300,000 miles. The engine, transmission, and drivetrain are more connected than any competitive model tested. The steering is precise and it a blast to drive. I still smile when I hear it's subtle exhaust note when I start it in the morning. The AWD system is very good in all conditions but the run flat tires are not designed for snow. They were OK in winter #1 but will invest in snows next fall. My biggest challenge has been reliability. They had to replace the front wheel bearings at 14K miles and I broke down at 17K miles and had to be towed to the dealership to replace the fuel pump and repair an oil pan leak. Not what I expected.
This car has been everything I expected and more. There is no other car in this price range that has the combination of handling, performance and overall design appeal. I ordered a 6 speed with white exterior/red interior and aluminum trim; it is stunning in my opinion and draws attention everywhere I go. While the 328 does not have the overall power of the 335, it provides just as much enjoyment as an everyday car. The X- drive handles snow and rain providing a secure feeling on par with Audi's I have owned previously. I look forward to driving every time I get into the car... it is more than transportation, it is a joy to drive. 
This is my third BMW and the best one by far. The 335i moves off the line so quick you'd swear you were in a M3 or better? My last car was a 2005 330ci with the M sport package on it and I didn't think anything would rival the driving prowess of that car. Well, I was wrong! I strongly agree with one of the other reviews written earlier - this car is underrated! If you want speed coupled with amazing handling then don't look any further.
This is our family's first BMW, and what a terrific car it is. Ours is Blk/Blk, with the manual and sport package. After driving it I can say that this convertible is one of the best handling cars I have ever driven. Taking a winding road immediately puts a smile on your face as you take the corners and row through the gears. The top operation is amazing and when it is up not only does it not look like a convertible, but it also has a very quiet interior that is free of rattles and wind noise associated with convertible tops. The interior is very decadent with very rich leather over all surfaces. This is a true 4 season car that is absolutely gorgeous top up or down. Great purchase!
Picked up vehicle on Saturday, 3/22 - Comf & Sport. Took the long way home. Acceleration with Steptronic AT was fast & smooth. Love the sound of the throaty engine just before the upshift. You know that you're in a sportscar. The paddle shifters are cool, but I don't suspect I'll use them much on my commute. 328i corned like it was on rails. I took a couple of twisty bends on a backroad at about 60 mph with no sense of skid, roll or fishtail. I had to be careful not to push too hard as the wheels lifted off the ground coming over one little roller. With top down and windows up (38F outside), there was little buffeting of either occupant's hair. Kept warm with heat on auto at 84F.
This is my third BMW and all of the new features are very disappointing. The navigation system is a joke, the sales person told me that the reason it is not a touch screen is because it encourages drivers to pay to attention to the road. Try getting anywhere with a big button that controls everything and one mistake will force you to start over. I love BMWs for driving and I love the way they look but if you have recently moved and are looking for assitance in navigating through a city like Los Angeles this is not the car for you. In addition, the new cup holders block the passengers air vents and they are not convenient at all. The new placement of the window controls is not user friendly.
This car is amazing! I owned an identical one previously and got this one with the sport package and what a difference. It's quicker, hugs every turn and the steering is tight and you always feel in control of your car. I have owned Audi and Mercedes in the past and this car outperforms them for 2008.
I test drove the new 335i coupe in an effort to give BMW a chance. I've always owned Infinitis, and was planning on buying the new G37, which looks just awesome. In my eyes the G37 seemed like a better deal on paper, but after driving the BMW, you definitely realise why there is such a price disparity. I can now understand why BMW owners are so loyal; I've never driven a car that feels like this! The solidity, grip, material quality, attention to detail all far outshine anything I've owned before. I love every aspect of this car, down to the seat belt stalks that bring your seat belt to you when you close the door & the beautiful ambient light surrounding the cabin at night. Brilliant.
Dark green, beige leather, premium, sport, comfort access, cold weather, iPod, iDrive. This is a 3,700 mile/6 month ownership update from an early post. My third BMW. (Still have the '73 2002tii I bought new.) Moved to 335 from an '02 330 Ci, which I loved. I look for excuses to drive this car. Handling is superb, engine smooth and alarmingly powerful. I like the iDrive. I really don't like the run flat idea (though they handle well). Driver's cup holder is goofy. Upgraded audio, iPod and Bluetooth excellent. Nav screen doesn't switch to black background at night - dumb. Gas mileage OK for this much power, but.. Too early for reliability, replaced brake bulb.
An otherwise fine car is marred by the standard vinyl "leatherette" seats that have no place on a luxury sports car. While "leatherette" may look fine, no matter what you call it, vinyl is hot, sticky and uncomfortable. Why don't they just offer and market honest cloth seats on the base model. BMW was remarkably uncooperative in addressing the complaint. While the seats could have easily been recovered in leather, BMW wanted a whopping $6,000 for the leather covers (when the leather package costs only $1,350 to order). The car is nimble and great fun to drive, but the standard seats and total lack of customer support are troubling.
My car has everything except the sports package and HD radio. Everything works very well, even the iDrive that people seem to hate. It could be a bit more intuitive, but it is not useless. Real time traffic information isn't very helpful. Navigation works pretty good, but at some intersections, information didn't come soon enough. RFTs make the steering heavier. When I got a nail in one of them, it took several days to get a replacement. Power top mechanism works very well. With the top up, you get a decent cargo space, I think. With the top down, you still have a space enough for a couple of airplane carry on size bags. No mechanical problem so far at 2000 miles.
I just purchased a 335i sedan and took delivery 10 days ago. Without a doubt, this is the best car I have ever owned. I was a diehard Audi driver for many years (A4, S4, A6). The handling and acceleration are phenomenal. This car is nimble, agile, and very quiet even at cruising speeds of 80mph. I am getting 21mpg in city driving and the car has not even been broken in yet. The torque curve is great and allows for acceleration in any gear without any engine stress. I can't wait to open it up a little after the break-in period. I even like the run flat tires (sort of). I was pleasantly surprised at the ride they give coupled with the sport package and manual transmission. Get this car!
Purchased in Jan. and had it built in Germany. That is cool, custom built. The more I drive it, more I like it. I have automatic, and seems it is little sluggish off the line, but not a big deal. the 328xi may not be as powerful as 335 as I have read, but it is plenty. The coupe has plenty of trunk room for coupe. Single guys, you will love it. I am in Mass. and the 328xi is great in snow, and ice. No regrets. Great style, handling. Worth the wait. Keep eye on speed, easy to fly with ease, and quietness. 
Edmunds alludes, in its full test, to the potential for aftermarket chips to greatly improve the performance of this car. I can attest to this, having installed Dinan performance software about a week after delivery of the car. My car pulls extremely strong, especially north of 3000 rpm. Plus, Dinan matches BMW's 4/50 powertrain warranty. I love this car.
THis the first BMW I've owned. I always thought spending more than 25K on a car was a waste of money. I was wrong. This car is an absolute hoot. Acceleration, handling, braking are outstanding, like the racing go-cart I always wanted. It is scary fast. The seats are comfortable; dash well laid out. Stereo sounds fantastic. And its a damn sharp looking car. 
This car is truly amazing! I only have 300 miles on it, but it is a dream. Accelerates effortlessly, rides smoothly with sport package compared to Infiniti. The iDrive is absolutely amazing. It is very intuitive. HD radio clarity is superior, way better than the sirius satellite radio that is installed. The bluetooth system displays all of my contact information from my iPhone, including missed calls. Seats are very comfortable. As long as the car remains reliable, I see no reason to ever buy another brand. Premium, Sport, Comfort Access, Navi, Automatic. 
I was torn between the 335 and the 328 because of the diffrence in power, When I test drove them both I was shocked how fast the 335 was but was also surprised how much power the 328 had. I decided with today's gas prices and my left foot the 328 was right for me. This is a great all around car if your in the market for a cold weather coupe.
I was debating between the BMW 3- Series and Infiniti G35 Journey. The G35 would cost the same price with navigation and 300+ HP. I went for the BMW because of the luxurious cabin and sporty exterior. Reliability has been spot-on since day one. Build quality is best I have seen in years. Even with the sport package, the Grey Leather Seats seem to be supportive and comfortable. The Monaco Blue is a great color and it goes well with the Grey Leather. Sport package is definitely worth the extra money. I did not buy the navigation because of iDrive. Xenon is great. This car grips to the road amazing too.
Took ownership of my 335i coupe in Oct. 2007. Space Grey exterior w/Cream Beige interior. After waiting 3 months for it to arrive from Germany, I was wondering if it was really worth all the hype... ABSOLUTELY!! By far the most amazing drive ever! If you can pony up the extra cash for the twin-turbos, you won't be disappointed. Effortless acceleration. Truly fun to drive! I find myself making excuses to drive any and everywhere! Beautiful interior. Nav and iPod integration are a must. The only knock to the inside is the cupholders?!? But if cupholders make or break car buying, get a minivan! Previously owned a Lexus and have no regrets switching to BMW! Truly the ultimate driving machine!
The 335 coupe is the fastest car I've ever owned. I constantly find that I'm driving a lot faster than I should. It's quiet, handles like a slot car and accelerates like a V-8. Mileage is almost the same as my 10 year old 3 series. The ride with the sport suspension is harsh over rough pavement. Road noise is noticable over anything other than very smooth road. IDrive requires a learning curve. It's not intuitive, but once you get the hang of it, you have a lot of information and a lot more control over the functions of your car. Although it handles well, it is a very heavy car for its size. Brakes are a little touchy, but stop the car on a dime. The windshield is raked back steeply.
Had the car less than a year -- already had to get the passenger front seat replaced. (The stitching came undone and the stuffing was coming out!) Already had to get the windshield replaced. (There was a stress fracture caused by the rain sensor? That's what they told me.) Had to replace most of the rear brake light bulbs (car only a few months old, remember. Never had to keep replacing the bulbs with my other cars). Tire pressure monitor light comes on even when the pressure is correct. Run flat tires stink! This was my first and last BMW purchase.
I love this wagon. Have driven Jeeps, Expeditions, and Honda CRVs. After driving SUVs for twenty years, I wanted something different but utilitarian. It's great... lots of room with fold-down seats. It handles so well, I hate to drive my husband's Mercedes E class as it's got so much more play and bigger turning radius. It feels so loose compared to responsiveness of my wagon. Got the AWD wagon for peace of mind. I was a Mercedes lover before this. Not anymore! 
By far this is a great car. I live in Orange County, CA, it's my 2nd lease of a 3-series. One thing that bothers me is the tires that BMW decided to put on these cars. They Bridgstone Turanza EL 42 Model RFT (Run Flat Tires), it comes standard on all BMW. I have about 600 miles on the car and just had a nail on of the tires. BMW dealer would not patch this and tires are not part of warranty. Costs about $300/tire to get a new one each time you have a bad luck running over a nail. In addition, they last only about 10,000 - 15,000 without mileage warranty from Bridgestone.
This car is amazing. I purchased the 2008 in October of 2007. Alpine white with imola red interor. Equipt with cold weather package, sport package, bigger wheels, ipod adapters, EVERYTHING! I LOVE IT! COuldn't say enough good things about it! 
I think I did more research on my new vehicle purchase than my marriage candidate. I test drove them all -- C350, IS 350, G35 etc.. It was the 335i that captured my senses. WOW! What a car! What an engine! This car is worth easily over $60k. BMW 335i is so underrated.
I've just finished breaking in my 2008; this car is a thrill to drive. And this coming from a guy that used to drive only as a necessary evil! From front bumper to rear bumper, this car is first-class. It may cost a bit more than some, but trust me, the first time you accelerate to 130 mph on the Autobahn (or I guess you can't do that in the States) or take a tight corner, you'll be glad you spent the extra dollars! This is easily the #1 car in its class with US military in Germany, and that's against some stiff competition from Audi and the like. Throw in the warranty, and you can't go wrong! 
Upgraded from a 2003 Z4 to the 2008 328 Cabriolet. No regrets whatsoever. Wanted a bit more room than the Z4; and the hardtop convertible for more security, less maintenance, and better sound and cold insulation. For about $6k difference in price, couldn't see the justification for the 335; the 328 has plenty of power.
Just got the 4-door 328i for Christmas, my first BMW. I've had 2 Acuras prior to this car, and the BMW makes the Acura drive like a Ford. It's amazing!! Handling is incredible. Run flat tires make for a very smooth ride. Turning radius can't be beat. Takes tight curves really smoothly, and the acceleration is amazing. I truly LOVE this car, and can't imagine driving anything but a BMW from here on out.
This is a follow-up review to one I submitted recently on my 2008 335 xi coupe in which I gave it high marks. If you are considering this car be advised that you can only get RFTs (run flat tires). In addition the 18? five spoke wheels only come with summer performance RFTs. Note: there isn?t an all-season RFT available for the 18? wheel. If you are not familiar with RFTs be prepared for the following. RFTs give a much harder ride, cost about twice as much as conventional tires and may not be able to be fixed if you have a flat. The result of that will be a replacement tire costing $300 ? $350! I replaced the original RFTs on my 335xi Coupe with conventional high perf
Coming to the 335xi coupe from a '00 328Ci, the 335xi is a more grown-up and far more powerful car. The engine lives up to its reputation and then some. Amazing low end torque - really does feel like a V8. This makes the 335xi a very different animal from the traditional BMW inline-6 car, and while quicker, it feels somewhat less sporting. With the old inline-6s (and presumably the new 328) you really had to spool up the engine. Now, you don't have to push it and if you do you're soon over the speed limit. Great fit and finish. The xi drive is fantastic in poor conditions, although the xi suspension is softer than in my old E46 (more body roll). All-in-all, very happy with it.
I have owned three American made cars and five different kinds of Lexus. This BMW is, by far, more fun to drive than ANY of them - even those priced much higher. It even allows adults under six feet to sit in the back seat comfortably. With the top down, there is no better car to really enjoy driving.
Early christmas present!! Dealer and car came through and it's a blast driving around this piece of art. The engine, the automatic; everything works 100%. Amazed by BMW's ability to make a high performance car packed into this sculpture of a car. Am a manual kind of guy but having tried the pedal shifting automatic had to go with it. Lightning fast!!
This is easily the best car I have ever driven. The handling is amazing and the styling is great! It is truly fun to drive! The 328xi is a bit more sluggish when accelerating than the 328i, but the slight difference in performance is outweighed by the superior handling of the 328xi on icy/snowy roads. You won't be disappointed with this car, especially if you live in a place with harsh winters!!
Everything about this car is gorgeous and high quality. It rides like a BMW should. It's just simply amazing with a fuel efficient but fast engine, a comfortable interior and eye catching styling all for under forty grand.
I have owned many, and most recently test drove them all - G35, M35, 08 C- Class, TL, Audi A4 (2.0 & 3.2), A3 (3.2), Passat, A6, 530i (2005). Nothing even comes close to the feel of the BMW. If driving enjoyment is your top priority, this is your only choice (save the 5 series, but you'll spend a lot more). All are excellent cars, but the 335i has something extra that you have to drive to experience. No probs for me with the run flat tires
I just traded in my 07 Mercedes C230 sport for the 328xi sedan to have a car that gets around in our winter months. They are definitely 2 different cars. This car handles much tighter and feels stronger and more sporty. My husband is a big guy and fits so much better in the BMW. There is more space in the back seat, my 5 year old's feet really don't touch the front seat like in the mercedes. The thing I notice the most is that I can actually get in this car without hitting my side on the door strip. It's so much easier to get in and out of. Its a little higher off the ground than the mercedes. 
Love the car. iDrive better than wife's Lexus nav system. I knew it was a small trunk when I bought it and don't care. Hard top is great. Have a coupe when the weather is bad, convertible all other times. Windblocker a worthwhile accessory. Keeps the interior warm at 55 degrees and comfortable for talking at extra freeway speeds. Small car, but don't buy it to put football players in back seat. Buy it for the fun, comfort, great engine and versatility. 
With all of the horror stories regarding the ride on run-flat tires, BMW's finally done something about it. The suspension on the new 2008 335xi is light-years better than previous xis with RFTs. You must specify that the car be equipped with the Continental Conti Pro Contact tires NOT Bridgestones. This is my third xi, the second with RFTs and I am amazed at the difference. The power is amazing, the handling, of course is traditional BMW... stiff and responsive. This car is almost worth the price!
This is one great car. I had owned a 2006 CTS and test drove the new CTS, a G35x an A4 and the entry level Lexus. Here's the thing: you need to know what you really want. If you really want the driving experience, you have to get the 335 if you can afford it. I was skeptical, but the reviews really are right, there's no comparison. Other cars (CTS) are bigger, others are maybe better value propositions (G35x), but none match the driving experience. I had high hopes for the G35x since its close on paper, but its much less civilized in real life and I feel still a ways behind. BMW downsides are price and the back seat is bit tight, but I have two kids in car seats and it works ok. 
I was looking at BMW xis vs the Infiniti AWDs and for the price the Infiniti packages seem like a better deal but overall, long term quality is not there. I spent the extra money and went with BMW. I traded a 300ci in for the 335xi. What an amazing car. I miss the sleekness of a coupe but this car is a rocket compared to the old 330ci. We had our first big snow fall and the car drove like a dream. I was really pushing it to see when it would slip or the rear would get loose and it was tight. This is a great car for someone who loves speed, excellent quality but lives in the midwest. It is worth every penny. 
Zippy 6-speed wagon in a color to match...Montego blue. Handles well and grips the road. Run-flat tires don't add noise like my former X3. Gas mileage is excellent with the manual transmission.
This awesome car is the complete package. It handles as well as my Porsche Boxster and has much more power. Yet it seats four, with comfort and with the top up is as quiet as a coupe. Luggage is limited with the top down, but more than enough with the top up. The ride is excellent and I have had no complaints on the run flats. The sport seats are infinitely adjustable and comfortable for long trips. We did not get iDrive and I am glad from what I have seen. The iPod option is great and much better deal than getting the cd changer. Get about 20 mpg around town and high 20's on the road. A little over 1500 miles and no problems. This car does everything well. 
08 335i convertible, auto, nav, sirius, premium, back up sensors. Best option on the convertible is the wind blocker. Have had the top down at 105 mph and not had papers on the front seat move! Keeps the interior warm with the heat on at 50 degrees. Top is cool, seat heaters are actually too powerful. IDrive works fine, in some cases better than wife's Lexus system. Power is incredible. 20 mph in mixed driving with a heavy foot. I've had it about a month and put 1700 miles on it. Definitely will buy extended warranty and extended service contract. Traded 02 Lexus for this and am happy. Not as smooth as the Lexus, but I wanted a more sporty ride and more power. Got both and more. 
2008 335xi, 4 door titanium silver. Premium, cold weather, navigation, iPod adapter, manual. Hands down the best car I've ever driven. Test drove the TL, G35X, C Class and 328xi before deciding on the 335xi. Other models driving experience just does not compare. 328xi was nice, but the power of the 335xi is night & day different and worth the extra money, especially with the additional standard options. In hindsight, I wish I got the sport package in addition to or instead of the navigation. So far I've put 2200 miles on this vehicle and have had zero problems with it. Overall I'm very satified with this vehicle, although it can get very expensive with all the options. 
This car has fantastic handling. It is well-balanced, and the steering reacts almost immediately. The interior is well-designed, although iDrive is still a pain. I have the convertible, and, if I had to do it over again, I would not buy this car. The miniscule trunk with the top down makes it impossible to run even minor errands. I cannot even remove my tennis racket without going through the machinations of putting the top up. Even more frustrating is the harsh ride inflicted by the run-flat tires. I changed mine to regular go-flat tires one week after purchase, and the ride improved immeasurably. Overall, a nice car, but the trunk space and run-flats ruin the experience.
This car is the 1st car that I have ever bought and completly love. The power this car has is unbeliveable. One hit on the gas, and you feel how much power this car possess, The car hanldes like gem. The nav gets kind of tricky, and steering is tight, but other wise the car is a must have.
The BMW 328xi sedan is handsdown the best car I have ever owned! Simply awesome in every way, I would recommend a 3 series to anyone wanting to experience what the benchmark for incredible handing without compromised ride quality is all about. This car inspires confidence like nothing I have ever driven before and my wife and I are constantly finding reasons just to get out and drive the car down our favorite back roads. Or just across town to get chinese food or groceries. Just make sure that if you go test drive one that the Client Advisor shows you what the car can actually do. Oh yeah, ours is also great fun in the snow and handles icy conditions great! You won't be disappointed! 
This car handles like a dream. The interior is nice, and the turbo spools up so fast you don't even notice it. It is very easy to drive this car extremely fast. However, I have a few major gripes. First, why only run-flats BMW. They are terrible. They give a rough ride, are noisy, and wear poorly. I will never by a BMW again - or any other car for that matter - with run-flats! Next issue, there is absolutely zero trunk space. Forget about even a carry-on, it will not fit. This is unacceptable. Final issue, the iDrive is still confusing. All in all, a great driving car, but upon reflection, I would probably not buy again because of the run-flats and the trunk issue. 
Just bought the 335xi coupe which the dealer just brought in (a day before) for test-drive purposes, this all-wheel-drive series just came out in October. My car is fully equipped with sport, premium, and cold weather package as well as the navigation. The color is space gray. The total cost is around $55000. I've only driven it for a week now, the handling is superb. I drove it through the rain on Saturday (Noel in the northeast), when making turns on slippery road, you can feel the car is sticking to the road. The xenon headlights are really great. I haven't driven it on highways since it's still under 1000 miles.
Only options were Sport package and silver color on 6spd manual US spec. After 1200 miles it is surprisingly fast and fun to drive on German roads (B-50 near Nrburgring) more than what I expected from a car. Very stable at 145 MPH on Autobahn. Good stereo, easy to clean wheels, hate the in and out of the vehicle (med. male 170 lbs driver) and steering wheel tilt stinks, must get iPod option when buying or pay 3x more when dealer installed after, average of 21 MPG so far on premium fuel, new for 08 white LED for door and license plate, only a fender side repeater lens with water condensation problem that is being replaced by dealer warranty so far. Definitely would buy again.
I recently traded in my '03 M3 coupe for the 2008 335xi coupe and I have no regrets. From my perspective the 335 does everything well and is a pleasure to drive. It has driving dynamics close to a M3 but with a more refined ride. Combine this with the all-season capability of BMW's x-drive and you have a sport coupe that just may be the perfect car in this segment. The bottom line: if you want a race car buy one. The new M3, a Corvette or a Porsche will do the job. If on the other hand you want a grown-up sports coupe that has room for four, can carry luggage and golf clubs, test drive the 335xi coupe. You wont be disappointed! 
I recently traded in my 2006 325i sedan for the 2008 328i coupe. The difference between the 2 cars is night and day. With the addition of the sport package (upgrade) and the newly upgraded runflat tires for 08 models, the car drives 100% better than my 06 sedan. This car is truly fun to drive and I can't really see the need to spend the extra $8,000 for the 335i. You won't be disappointed!
No regrets in choosing the sweet sounding naturally aspirated I6 over the turbo - plenty of acceleration throughout the power band matched to exceptional road feel. The GM 6-speed transmission is not as refined as the ZF, but still head and shoulders over any other auto that I have owned. DS mode and paddles provide plenty of flexibility and fun. AWD is sure-footed in rain and snow, and the xi is the perfect match for urban/suburban roads. 8K well-spent in options (ZPP, ZSP, Xenon, CA, iPod, Heated Seats, Metallic Paint). Phenomenal build quality with no issues to date - just a smile every minute behind the wheel!
I've owned the vehicle for a year, although I'm storing it for the winter, and couldn't love it more. The performance and handling are outstanding (unless you try to drive in 1/2" of snow with the Sports Package). If you really want to have fun with it I highly recommend installing the Dinan Performance Engine Software upgrade. For $2k you can increase the power output to 384hp and the torque to 421lb-ft (and Dinan will match BMW's new car warranty). It's no M but honestly it's plenty fast and nimble for quite a bit less cash. It's sporty and fun when you want it to be yet still smooth and refined.
Just bought this car a couple of weeks ago after owning an 1982 280ZX and a 2003 MR2 in the last three years (long story). Anyway, apart from being the most fantastic car I've ever bought, the 335 is probably the best purchase of anything I've ever made. I love it. The performance is amazing, the ride feel is great, the interior is beautiful. Makes my commute to work something to look forward to instead of something to dread. If you love to drive, this is the car for you. Puts a smile on my face every day. 
This is my first BMW and my only regret is that I waited this long to buy it. I think of it as a jewelbox: small and compact, but very well constructed. It's the perfect personal luxury car for those who like to drive. There's nothing flashy about it, other than the badge, yet it still gets looks. Although some of the controls appear counterintuitive at first, most of the driving-related controls are well thought out, and make sense after you understand the reason behind their design. I'm very pleased with the quietness and comfort for the front seats, although if you are a large/tall person, you might need to look at a 5- series. The back seats are for kids and people you don't like. Buy one!
Drives like an extension of your body. Top down wind and noise amazingly low and climate control allows you to drive topless in anything but rain. Controls typically Teutonic and not intuitive. Will run decently on less than premium but idle roughens. Love the turning headlights - great on windy roads at night and illumination overall is outstanding. Great highway mileage. Top tends to hang up after being driven with it closed for while, but close/open switch operation allows it to open fine.
Had my sedan for a year. It's my second BMW. The first was a 2002 325i. There is no comparison. I am not sure why I bought a second BMW, since my 325 was below average in reliability. My 2008 has been a pleasant surprise. Not one problem and it really does handle and drive light years better than the 325i. I tested the Audis and G35s but there really was no comparison. And now that gas prices are falling it's even better! No thanks to the hybrids.
 Just got the car last week. Traded Porsche Cayenne base model. What a difference! Handling is superb. Very quiet and powerful. Much fun to drive. Superb nav system, easy to use. Bluetooth phone integration is very good and very useful. Have not pushed the car given that it is still being broken in. Pain finish is superb - silver metallic is a great choice. Did not like active steering - seems overly heavy. Glad my car does not have it. Enough road feel as is. car was delivered with two, hopefully, minor defects - driver's side heated seat control does not work and there is rattle around the steering column. 
Previously had 99 and 03 6-cylinder 5- series. Wanted a car that was roughly the same size and with 4-wheel drive. The Coupe fit the bill since I don't need the room for the family at this point in my life. I was hesitant about going to a 3-series from the 5ers but after 4K miles I am extremely happy with the car. Not one issue has brought me back to the dealer. Performance all around rocks. Stereo is great. I can even get 29+ MPG doing 70 MPH. Sport seats are a must. Customization of features and access to features such as the iPod interface are very good through the iDrive interface. And come on - this car is a GREAT looking - people even stare at it at night!
Purchase went smooth, did my homework, knew what i wanted. The most impressive thing about the car is the immediate torque gratification, and the amount of thought they put into the engineering aspects of the car - every aspect. I have still yet to find anything I dislike about the design and it has been 6 months! I absolutely love everything about it. One of those purchases that works out be more satisfying than anticipated long after. Not a cheap car, but a bargain for what you get. 
Hard ride and lots of road noise. Also, I'm 6'1" and down right uncomfortable... too small! Also, lacks low end torque, sluggish around town but, wonderful on the highway. Temperamental too, been in for repairs 5 times first year. Run flat tires do not come with spare, can not be patched or, plugged and can only buy them from the dealer for $300 each, every time you run over a nail!!
I ordered the car. It has all the upgrades except iPod and nav system, instead I use a Garmin. Acceleration is fantastic, in any gear, any speed. On a recent 2,850 mile trip I averaged between 26.7 to 31.5mpg combined driving with hitting 115 mph occasionally. No problem with the run flats. Handling is superb. I had always wanted a Porsche, not anymore. This is all the car I want and need. Love the free maintenance for 4yrs/50000 miles, but 5 yrs/60000 miles would be even better. Have no complaints at all. 
This car performs awesome. I love how tight the steering is but wish the ride was a little smoother. Being AWD you can take a turn so fast ( try those hairpin turns on the interstate) the car grips the road the entire time without slowing down!
Just turned in an Audi S4 sedan for this 335xi sedan. Have been driving it for 4 months. After hearing about how great BMW is for it's superior "driving experience" I have been somewhat disappointed in this car. The steering and handling are average at best. The car does not corner well - there is significant body roll and the steering is not tight. I am not sure if this is due to the runflat tires or maybe I should have gotten the M3, but then no AWD. The engine is great, probably quicker off the line than my Audi, but not as strong once you're at speed and need to accelerate. The gas mileage is also good. The cup holders are a joke. The stereo/electronics are glitchy. Seats are bad.
Gas mileage on long trips (Pgh to DC and back) is 30 mpg (average over 10 trips, 29 one way, 31 the other)! All is well except for nav system and iDrive and their integration, and no spare. Get a Garmin instead of BMW nav system which is a Navtec base. Garmin says "In 500 ft make a rt on route 123 South" - if you use the Australian lady enunciation. Navtec says "make the next right". Garmin shows road names on perspective view, Navtec doesn't. iDrive requires too many actions for usage, and interupts other audio as it drones out it's directions. Also, I plan to replace RFTs with GFTs when they wear out and lug a spare around in the trunk. 
Excellent handling, acceleration, and fuel economy. The iDrive control system takes a few days to master, but eventually becomes second nature and results in a very relaxing drive. Interior is properly designed. Quality shows inside and out. Well designed and tested interior materials. Standard sound system is great. Navigation system option should be selected if possible because of the iDrive system being included. One knob beside the right armrest is all you use to navigate through the options/music/nav/communication/climate, etc. Exterior looks beautiful. Folding mirrors are nice and the tires fit the wheel wells perfectly. I love this car!
I purposely waited a few months to write a review so I could experience the car a little bit. I have had the car for 2 months now and it has not disappointed. There is no question I would prefer the HP of the 335 better but this car is a great combination of performance, driving dynamics and comfort. I was coming from a G35 and this car is definitely put together better and doesn't feel as cheap (because it isn't!!). Compared it to everything else in the same class and it is a bit more expensive, but so far, it was worth it. Run flats do make the ride a bit rough. I have the 6spd and I am getting roughly 20 mpg in the city - Not bad and very important these days.
Handles well, and looks good, but the radio fades in and out (known BMW problem, but no fix at this time) and I can't read the radio when wearing polarized sun glasses. I asked the dealership about this and they said BMW knows about it, but no fix. I was shocked that BMW would build a car with a radio that we can't read the radio dials when wearing polarized sun glasses. I never had this problem with prior cars. Also, the Jet black paint scratches too easily.
I hesitated before purchasing the 328i. In fact, I opted for a 2007 MB C230 Sport for my wife after test driving the then-new 335i in 2006. Realistically, I do not see how a daily commute needs 300+ hp. The 328i provides adequate handling even w/o the sport(y) package when compared to the RX8 I traded in. Unfortunately, the 16" runflat all-seasons are a poor compromise. Highway expansion joints are much more noticeable than the MB. The MB has 17" performance tires w/ lower profile. BMW also worked diligently on cost-cutting when packaging the E90. Where is the standard alarm? Where is the jack? How about a real cup holder? Still, the 328i puts a smile on my face every morning.
Picked up the car this past march. It was sitting in the lot, so the sales person gave us the car for invoice price, so I couldn't resist the offer. Got the car in monaco blue on beige. Absolutely gorgeous. The car is a beast, even though it goes 0-60 in 5.7 secs, give or take, you'll outrun 90% of the cars on the road. Gas mileage is superb as well, averaging 24 mpg with mixed driving. I just filled up my car and I have 440 miles on a full tank. If you're looking for a fun and somewhat economical car, the 335i is it.
Handling is awesome. Power is incredible. I tried the DS mode and the steptronic and car left in a hurry. Fuel economy so far is about 24 MPG 75%/25% highway/city. Seems to do badly in stop and go traffic. Test drove a C300, IS250, and C230. BMW was far superior in all categories. 
I previously owned an '07 Cayman S. This car is a beautiful compromise between a sports car and a luxury car. It is tight, fast, and comfortable. It is easy to drive. The gas mileage is surprisingly good if driven conservatively. I was leery about the run-flats, but I have to say I don't notice a harsh ride or excess noise (especially compared to the ride of the Porsche in sport mode, with conventional tires). The options do push the price up.
Car is fun to drive, but unreliable at times. In my opinion, this car has a fuel management problem. Don't like the run flats, but oh well. Recommend waiting two more years until BMW works out the bugs or you'll be spending more time in the shop than expected. Have a second car available. Lease, do not buy this car so you can get a good feel for the car until you are ready to buy.
My first BMW and am really glad I got the convertible. I'm in San Diego where the weather is great year round; dropping the top on my new 335i enhances the fun of this great car. It's a speeding ticket waiting to happen. Watch out CHP! The performance is spectacular. It's a real beauty and it turns heads. Mine is alpine white with cream beige leather seats - very classy looking. I purchased the PermaPlate to protect the paint and the leather seats. Especially good investment for a convertible as the seats have more exposure to the elements - the car looks great all the time. Driving in sport mode is great fun on mountain roads - truly exhilarating. This car rates high on the fun meter!
I recently traded my 2003 325i for a 2008 328i. This is no "luxury-boat," but it is a head-turner. I bought this car because my 325i was almost perfect for 5 1/2 years. BMWs have strong bloodlines, and if you see a six year old BMW on the street, you know what it is. I got the Sports package, 6 speed manual, leatherette, and little else because the car comes so well equipped. I like the wood grain dash, although it looks a little shiny and plastic. This car seems a little bigger and more.
This is my 3rd 3-series (2002 325i, 2006 325i, now my 2008 328i Coupe) and I can say that I have been a loyal, dedicated customer of BMW. The cars are so wonderful once you buy one you can't buy or drive any other make. It feels like a part of you physically as you drive the car, from the structure to the brakes to the steering and engine the feeling is so terrific and reassuring other makes feel like appliances in comparison or clouds to drive (i.e. Lexus). BMW sure has created a car worthy of master craftsmanship that will have longevity in the marketplace for years to come if they keep up the wonderful effort in producing such a wonderful product!
This is easily the best car I've ever owned, in every aspect. It's beautiful to look at both in and out, and I now understand why the BMW Client Advisors talk about BMW luxury being built around the performance. Performance first, luxury second. It's true. I've owned many Mercedes (all used, admittedly) and this car replaces a stolen, top-of-the-line, completely optioned Jetta 2.0T, which had been the most sophisticated car I'd owned, and the Bimmer outshines them all in every conceivable way. I have premium, steptronic, xenon, iPod, comfort access, alpine white with special lemon/dakota leather.
I recently picked up my 328i Sedan with Sport and Cold Weather Packages and as with the other BMWs in my family am supremely impressed. BMW still is able to capture that essential quality that makes a car the Ultimate Driving Machine. From the good gas mileage to the silky smooth 6-spd manual, the 328i with sport package captures BMW's excellent handling characteristics at a relatively affordable price. All in all I am hugely impressed with the 328i and would in fact take the weight savings and naturally aspirated engine over the turbo motor (having only owned naturally aspirated BMWs in the past and having a very bad experience with a 1986 745i Turbo).
Got the car last October. Nothing but issues with it. Shifts hard, constant jerking. Also experiencing issues with the oil sensor. Today my car has been in the shop for 5 days because of a bad fuel pump apparently. Waiting for BMW to send the part! Not happy with it !
Wanted a convertible; got a rocket ship without a roof. The 305 hp engine mated with a 6 speed ZF auto trany is a masterwork -- smooth power and precise shifts in all situations. The 3-part roof is a miracle of modern engineering; owning it out of warranty would scare me (est $20k+ repl. cost). My biggest gripe on the roof is it leaks in pressure car washes; even so it is dry in rain and quiet on the road. Sound system is ok, and clear even with the top down. The standard (non-sport) seats are excellent, with fantastic seat heaters. Gripes: car without sport package is mushy in the corners. Run flat tires are a stupid joke. Interior fit/finish not great. A/C weakish. 16 mpg city.
Just leased my 5th BMW, a beautiful 335i sedan with the turbo. I traded in a 2007 Cadillac STS with the Northstar V-8. The BMW is heads and shoulders above the Cadillac in every way. It is more stylish, faster, better handling, and much better quality.
Just received my car, have had it in my possession for 48 hours and I cant leave it alone! I read the reviews on this car daily before I bought it and I couldn't be happier. The Germans make a fine machine. It handles like a dream, has amazing pick up, very quick little car and is just everything I hoped for. The leather soft and not sticky, the interior is beautiful. A lot of comments were made regarding the run flats- they are for purpose and safety but I think they make for a smooth ride. 
Everything is just right...Amazing that people are whining about the small cups holders...if you are getting a bimmer,just drive...Leave your coffee and soda for later...The handling is awesome,including the RFT. They are there for handling, performance and SAFETY. More and more companies are going to RFT because the safety. The car is a joy to drive with up to 32 miles/gal on highway...Not too bad from a 230hp engine...I love it
Bought it without a test drive. And already over 4K miles on it after just 3 months of driving (can't put the keys down). My first BMW, and I'm very satisfied. Found out after buying it that the wife wasn't going to drive it so I should have gone for the 335xi or the coupe (but there's always next year). Handles very nicely even with the run flats (see note below). Nice solid feel while in motion. Power is good for my driving environment (mostly city). So the extra horses of the 335 would go mostly unused except for the occasional weekend drive.
This car is a joy to drive, smooth transmission, and ride, and with very convenient features.
We bought this car for fun; the Suburban carries the loads when needed. We've owned BMWs, Mercedes, Audi, Volvo and Saab. Nothing drives like a BMW. This was an indulgence and we don't regret it a bit! Car is Monaco (midnight) blue, tan leather, Premium Pkg, iDrive, Sirius, iPod, auto and cold weather package. The car doesn't have the Sport Package, and IMHO doesn't need it. In fact, I think it makes the ride more comfortable. The most fun is when you need to step on it a little to pass somebody or enter a freeway. The power is immediate, the handling is precise and secure. It's just plain fun! We're loving this car.
Everything about this car is just amazing. The exterior design makes the 3 series sedan look like a Japanese car. But the exhaust note from the twin turbos is what stole my heart. The steering is also very responsive but the suspension is just set to the compensate for people who want comfort, but also a little sportiness. But hands down, BMW is definitely the ultimate driving machine. Kudos to BMW with the hardtop design.
This is a well balanced sports sedan. The engine, transmission, suspension, steering, seats and controls all work together to provide a great driving experience for an enthusiastic driver. I always feel like I'm in touch with what's happening and in total control of my car. But this car isn't for everyone. The ride is too stiff for most people, especially on rough roads.
Expecting a let down from my 2005 325i w/ Sport pkg, this car is a pleasant surprise. Overall more solid, quieter, more lively, and 1-2 mpg better (22-24 overall, 33 max hwy), this car meets my high expectations. Equipped w/ auto & paddles, Sport, Premium, Cold, & Sirius. Interior is very comfortable and sporty with brushed alum trim and brown leather. Elec turn signal lever/high beams make other cars seem old fashioned after you adjust. Dislike is long reach to driver door window/mirror switches. Exterior and interior lighting effective and exude understated quality. Use 16" snows in winter with no problem. Harsher summer run flats disappoint; handling and driveline are wonderful.
Love it, first BMW, traded in 300 srt8 and so far only positive things to say about BMW. Not as fast as srt but it has enough punch to snap your head back. It handles simple amazing. Expensive but still less then MB cabrio and performance of MB is not even close unless you get AMG. The small trunk has plenty of space. Highly recommend!
This is my second BMW and let me tell you, BMW has made some huge upgrades. Three years ago I owned a 330i sedan w/ M inspired performance package. This car is way better on so many levels. For starters the 300 hp engine is very powerful. In third gear I'm already at 100 mph. This car is FAST! Also, the color options are great. I choose sparkling graphite w/ coral red leather. The interior and exterior designs are very pleasing to the eye. Great options are available like the iPod connection, comfort access, and rear park distance alert. Another cool feature is the ability to retract the side mirrors automatically with a push of button. Overall, this is a great car that I highly recommend!
We just picked this car up two days ago, and are already in love. It is faster than my Porsche Boxster, and nearly as fast as my '99 Corvette. It is supremely comfortable with great technology gizmos. I have wanted this car since it first came out, and am not disappointed. There is a little body lean, but it is still great for its size and the type of car. We have owned two other BMWs, a Z4 and a 330 convertible, but this is the best by far.
This our first BMW and probably will not be our last. First impression is very favorable. This car has great balance and performance and room for 4 and iDrive isn't the nightmare some make it out to be. Trunk size works for us. A large suitcase fits sideways under the top spacer along with my wife's makeup case and odds and ends. Plenty for a long weekend. My biggest gripe is with BMW making a decent iPod connection and sat radio an option. On a car in this price range in today's world, these should be standard. The wheels are ok, almost "boring". Fit and finish is good, just one dash rattle.
Great car but so powerful you have to be light on the gas in DC rush hour traffic. Make sure to get the leather interior, premium package for max comfort.
The first 4 months of driving the car is everything I expected. It felt great. Then the mechanical problems began. This is my second and my last BMW. I had similar terrible problems with my first BMW but I loved the body style of this latest 3 series and couldn't resist. But, I've learned my lesson. Problems I've encountered in the last 3 months include overheating engine, electrical problems with my windows and door locks, a/c not functioning at low speed, scratches caused by service center, etc.
Automatic with paddle shifters, sports package, Navigation, Cold Weather Package, IPod adapter. Wow this car is fast, I smoked a late model Trans Am while trying to pass on the freeway. I decided to upgrade to a new performance chip, adding an additional 60 HP! I love coming up next to another 335i and seeing the look on their face in my rearview mirror with I pull away from them! As you can imagine, I get crappy gas mileage but since I travel so much and only drive my car mostly on the weekends, I only refill my tank every couple of weeks. I see a lot of complaints about the iDrive system but if you read the manual and learn the voice commands, it makes it much more usable. Thank you BMW.
First BMW and we wish we had purchased one sooner. This is a great car with no glaring weaknesses. I'm confused about the reviews on the trunk space. We can put a medium size (larger than carry on) suitcase and my wife's makeup case and other odds and ends under the "top down" space divider with no problem. More than enough space for a long weekend for 2. If we went with soft sided luggage, it would be even better. We have Nav, Cold Weather, Premium, Sport and Comfort access packages. In today's world, Sirius, iPod and windblocker should come standard. This is our only complaint with BMW being so cheesy in this price range.
I was considering the following cars Accord V6, Lexus IS 250, Audi A4 2.0T Quattro and the BMW 328i. I'm an engineer by profession and have studied these cars extensively. My suggestion to anyone that is looking for a performance oriented car looking to purchase one, don't go by the bhp, rather look for torque and the rpm it is generated at. No regrets buying the BMW, its immaculate. No wonder it is the benchmark of its segment. Rear wheel drive gives a great sporty feel, avoid the all wheel drive. If you want AWD, buy the Audi. The quattro is far better than the xi models of BMW. BMW's got amazing gear ratios, an engine that responds at cruising rpm to accelerations and it sure turns heads!
I have been reading reviews and have been driving BMWs for years now but despite how good everyone said this car would be it doesn't sink in until you pull it off the lot. I traded in an E46 M3 so there was a lot this car had to live up to. I couldn't believe that this car feels just as fast as my old M3 but is much easier to drive. The feel of the car is just as good but it handles the rough stuff way better. I need to mention something that has been a sore point for many reviewers but if you are at all computer literate, the iDrive will be a MUST have. There will be a learning curve but the technology integration is way better than many reviewers give it credit for. 
Recently got a 328i. Test drove A4, TSX, TL, IS250, and G35. Finally decided to test out the 3-series for comparison. I was sold as soon as I took the wheel and stepped on the gas. This car rocks. Looks good, fun to drive, great acceleration.
I love this car except for 2 things: 1) It is sluggish off the line unless you use sport mode on the tranny. Not that big a deal, but annoying. 2) I HATE the run flat tires. They are noisy, stiff and leave too many uncertanties. If you get a flat, you drive on it and basically trash the tire and have to replace it. I hate these and am looking to replace all of them and buy a spare. Problem is, there is no place to put the spare, except to eat up trunk space. BMW, make these pieces of crap an option, not std. Buy the car, love it, but negotiate for them to swap tires. You will be glad you did.
After owning 4 previous BMWs including my most recent, a fully loaded 06 530i, I was a bit hesitant in going back to a 3 series. Not any longer! They have substantially upgraded the 3s and with the premium, sport and navi system which I opted for, I do not even remotely miss my 5. This car has so much power and is extremely fun to drive! I love it! The retractable hardtop is a show stopper everywhere I go. Even with the top up, the car is amazing. Very quiet while driving, even at interstate speed! My only complaint is the exhaust note. It sort of sounds like one of the cars from "The Fast and Furious." Not exactly the sound I expected from a luxury convertible.
I presented myself this car for my 25th birthday, which I thought was an amazing experience; till I pushed this car around. BMW has the reputation of using not too expensive parts, but making them work to the fullest performance and I experience this every time I push the start engine button. I drove about 5200 miles in this car and no problems at all. This car has the awesome sound of a line 6, which cannot be duplicated! The throttle response is amazing and so is the comfort! I never drove around in the snow because I store it, but I drove it around on dry winter days and the heat insulation is terrific! The seat fits perfect and the visibility is awesome too. My thoughts: worth it!!
I have purchased and owned many cars, including several BMW products. The 335i coupe is by far the finest automobile I have ever owned. The twin-turbo engine, build quality and design are truly exceptional. I highly recommend this car to driving enthusiasts who truly appreciate automotive excellence.
Have been driving coupe for 3 weeks and am in love with my car. First had to get used to harder drive and harder all around feel, having been driving Acura for some time. But I love the drive, the gadgets and the handling. However, gas mileage is awful.
My new 08 335i is is all BMW promised that it would be in the performance area, however, the Rubiconian iDrive that no one seems to like is frustrating at best. This sadistic torture device should be put in a museum of failed technology. 
I have owned this vehicle almost one year now and I really do like it. My biggest concern revolves around, when does technology outpace the needs of the average driver. Building a car that requires the buyer to only frequent BMW for service is smart on their part but when does that backfire ? That being said, the car has been problem free and is still the best handling car I've ever owned. To do it all over again... maybe Audi A4 next time. After an exhaustive search for a new vehicle it was neck and neck with the BMW.
Our problem was living in the city and not wanting to drive a big car, yet going to the country house and having to carry all the stuff, golf clubs, suit cases etc. Turning radius is also very important in the city. The wagon does it all with ease. I love the keyless ignition and heated seats are a must. It's the only small car that has this kind of appointments and space without getting an SUV.
After waiting over 20 years, I finally purchased my first BMW and it has been everything I've ever wanted. The turbo charged engine is what ultimately sold me the 335 over the 328. Living in a city with steep winding hills I wanted a car that I could depend on to deliver the necessary power and handling and the 335xi delivers. I bought the car for the driving experience it provides, nothing more! If you want fancier gadgets then buy a lexus, but if you want the top of the line driving car, then you have to buy the BMW!
I live in New Hampshire. We just experienced the snowiest winter in 135 years of record keeping! I got this car on 12/31/07, what perfect timing!! I cannot say enough about how impressive this car is. The Xdrive system was engineered for exactly what weather we experienced this winter. I felt so confident every trip I took in absolutely terrible weather conditions. Aside from the obvious top notch winter weather performance, this car with all the bells and whistles (nav, iPod, prem. pkg, cold pkg, steptronic) is so much fun to drive! It's scary fast! The 328xi is nice, but this car is awesome! I highly recommend getting all the options I did. You will not be disappointed.
I bought this over the competion for a 4 door AWD sedan. I will have to get winter run-flat booties, but that is a minor inconvenience. My daughter runs iDrive like a pro, without reading the manual. It is not nearly as bad as most of the auto rags make it out to be. the cup holders are kinda wonky, but there really is nowhere else to put em. Keyless entry is the way to go. I have the sports package and the seats are great. The engine is a piece of art. The gas mileage is about the same as was my former AWD Volvo, and more that 80hp more power. Fit and finish is top shelf. The stereo is great, and quite flat in audio response. Car is very quiet, except when you boot it, and hear that engine!
I never thought I would describe a BMW as a great value but boy was I wrong. After shopping Audi, Infiniti, Acura and Lexus I found the 328i to offer a great driving experience for the money. While the competion often out horsepowered the 3 liter 230 hp BMW powerplant, none offered even comparable handling or ride. To allow owning 2 cars (my second is a Boxster S) I kept the options on my BMW everyday driver at a minimum (leather/power seats). The standard features offered provided plenty of luxury for a sports sedan with the interior offering beauty through simplicity. Most importantly, I really enjoy driving this car! Do yourself a favor, before buying another sports sedan drive a BMW. 
Traded up from previous 04 Saab. Car is best on open road and takes turns like on rails. car not best for city commuting, does not like to go slow and has slow idle speed. Top down car stays toasty with great heat. Pretty soon see how cool it stays with AC on and top down. Did not get sport package and have no harsh ride, think it is the sport tires rather than run-flats that does gives stiff ride.
Great car. Bought premium, sport, and nav packages. Didn't really want iPod kit or xenon headlights but love that I got them. Wanted iDrive more for computer control of functions than for GPS but like the GPS capability, especially searching for nearby businesses. More sport than others I considered, such as Merc-300 sport, Audi A4 & A6. You will feel the road, corners and bumps so if you drive bad roads take that into consideration. Corners great and acceleration is plenty for most. Standard sound system is great for my non-audiofile ears. 
Excellent car! A little pricey for size and power but it handles like no other car. Comfort access is a must have and so, too, is split fold down seats. Only problem with car is warning triangle came on twice which the dealer fixed. Test drove IS 350 and though the Lexus has more power, it was way too small and confining. BMW gets a nudge on handling as well. If you got for just basic car w\sports package, you are getting a hell of a car for about the same as a Chrysler or high end Ford. No comparison. 
The day you get to pick it up, you will never be the same after driving such a great car. Handling, speed, gas mileage, fun to drive is on top of the list. I never thought driving could be so much fun, I hate my 2 hr commute to work but now it's actually fun to drive. I highly recommend the vehicle, the base model is good enough but if you can afford it get the fully loaded bad boy! Love my BMW! Great car.
A very well built car. Although the 328 does not have the engine performance of the 335i or the Infiniti G37 it is still more than adequate for very fast bursts of speed. The car is comfortable and the handling is crisp, tight and predictable. You can feel that a great deal of thought has gone into the design. I believe that the 3-series is still the benchmark and very much the dominant player in its market. The iDrive system takes an hour or so to get used too and is not that complicated in my opinion. Overall I am more than satisfied and have no regrets.
I've always wanted to own a BMW and this is my first. I have the 335i coupe with all the toys (navi, ipod, Sirius radio, auto, premium, sport, dakota leather, etc). This amazing car is worth every penny and is the nicest and best car I have ever owned, by far. It is the perfect blend of style, comfort and performance. 
New BMW owner, previously owned Japanese models (Acura, Toyota, Mazda). Very pleased, wonderful car to drive. Scary fast, with great pick up in any gear. The finish and technology are exceptional. I'm very pleased with the choice. Test drove Infiniti G37, but didn't make it out of the BMW dealer after test driving the 335xi (got it on the spot). Didn't go for the nav, bought a Garmin nuvi (noticed BMW also sells Garmins with the BMW branding).
Great car, has the performance to wow anyone that rides in the passenger seat and the luxury that BMW is known.
This is my 4th BMW. Too bad my other 3 were all M series so that is all I have to compare this car to. However, the performance of this car is pretty amazing despite the fact that the steering is not tight enough for me. None the less, the luxury of this car is unmatched by anything I have ever driven. 
I wanted a sports coupe but needed 4 doors so I compromised and bought the 335i sedan. With 300hp and tons of torque, it's the best of both worlds. It is unbelievably fast, yet can handle the chores and hum-drum driving of daily life. Going from 60-120 mph is effortless and so easy that I have to keep reminding myself I can't drive this way in the U.S. (Thankfully, I live in Germany at the moment). Whenever I want to put a smile on my face, all I have to do is prod the pedal and hold on till the speed quickly reaches triple digits. I drove the G35, Benz, Audi, and the Volvo. They were nice cars but this one is great. I have no regrets. The 335i is the ultimate sports sedan, bar none!
First bimmer but hooked for life. This is the most amazing car I have ever owned(Honda, Nissan, Ford, MB, Porsche Mitsu, Hyundai,& Jeep). Got it with sports pkg, heated seats, navigation is a must but a little difficult at first.
I was going to buy a G35 but thanks to limited headroom and no help from Infiniti to improve headroom, I picked the 328i. What a machine... ordered from the factory with Prem, Sport, Xenon, Comfort Access about a month ago and I've been smiling ever since. Razor like handling, & ample power. The traction control works VERY well on wet or slushy WA roads -- no regrets for passing up the xi. 
I have been very impressed so far after taking delivery of my new 328xi. The tight cornering, quick acceleration, and solid feel are the best selling points. BMW USA and my local dealer have treated me like royalty! The exterior styling is not over-the-top, but elegant and bordering on conservative. The performance and power are exceptional. The advanced technology is not overwhelming - it just works. I am very happy.
This was my birthday present to myself, I traded in my Z3 that I had planned to keep forever and nearly did. But for my age 2 cars 1 for fun and 1 for practical use doesn't work any longer. This hardtop convertible is the ultimate car for a split personallity girl like me. Practical with room for the groceries or friend, but a joy when the weather comes up right and you want to run to the hills with the wind in your hair.
I have about 7800 miles on my 328xi red wagon. I love it! It's the most reliable car I've had, has great space for the size and navigation system and Sirius radio rock! Navigation disses are silly. It's as easy to learn as an iPod which I love, and probably should be standard. Cupholders seem weird at first, but are okay. Comfort access is a great safety feature, and so is all-wheel drive. Gas mileage better than sticker. Drives like a BMW. Enough said. It's my first, but I've had Mercedes and such. Never anything but BMW from here on out. Get one. You will fall in love. I promise.
I did not think that paying the extra money for the BMW over the infinit, acura, lexus, etc would really be worth it. I was so very wrong, this car drives and rides so much better then anything I have ever owned. I had the chance to drive back to back the M35 2 weeks after I got my 335i (brand new rental) and wow, I loved the M35 until I owned the BMW. If you are considering any of those cars, you will not be disappointed in the 335i sedan. Impressed is an understatement.
Living in the Ohio Snow Belt I wanted Xi system. I went with the 335 Xi, 6 speed and truly love all the performance and handling. I ordered extra wheels for snow tires, Continentals, which have been great. I?ve found the winter capability to be nothing short of fantastic. I?m anxious to put the OEM tires back on once the winter is over. Build quality, material quality is far above any other vehicle I have owned. On trips I've gotten 26+MPG at 70 MPH. 
After test driving the Lexus IS 350, Mercedes C300, Infiniti G35S, BMW 328i and BMW 335i. I finally ordered a BMW 328i w/ 6MT, Sports, Premium, and Xenons... a pretty basic car in my mind as BMW tends to nickel and dime you for basics in a luxury sedan, i.e. leather seats, power seats, xenon headlamps. Although BMW is relatively the most expensive, the handling is definitely the best for an entry-level luxury sedan.
I originally did not want to spend $46,000 for a car, but the upgrade from the 328 to the 335 is definitly worth it. It is ten times faster, much more agile, and grip to the road is amazing. The Sport Package is also worth the money.
This is by far the worst car I have ever owned. You would think BMW would notify their customers if they had an issue with the car. The fuel injectors and the fuel pump are constantly malfunctioning and every time I take it in, they tell me there is no issue. This is my first BMW and my last.
Had more trouble out of this car than any I have ever owned. Replaced fuel pump twice which was under warranty. But dealer has not a clue what is wrong with this vehicle. My wife is the primary driver. The car idles like a model T Ford on a cold start. Dash lights up like a jukebox saying "engine misfire" on a weekly basis, and says "reducing power" and will not go faster than 25 mph. First they blamed it on a program, then fuel pumps, then the fuel, then it was ethanol. In the shop 27 days the last six months. More than 60 grand for this, what gives! Saw a lawyer last week about the lemon law. It's a shame, the car drives beautifully when it's right.
Waited 22000 miles before my first review. Before I test drove this car, I did not quite understand all the hype about this being the 'ultimate driving machine'. After 22000 miles and many hours driving this car there is only one thing I can say- this car dives like no other!! I test drove the lexus GS and LS, mercedes E class, Infinity G35, M45 and Jaguar XF. This car blows them all away. Some evenings even after a tired day after work, I still look forward to taking the car out for a spin. Have had 2 minor issues with the car (faulty seat belt sensor and check engine light)-both fixed by dealer at no cost. Now I see why people fall in love with this car despite occasional minor issues! 
Had the dreaded engine issue that is common for these twin turbos but as long as I buy Chevron gas, it's no problem! Love the features and the performance capability. The fact that I won't pay for the first 4 yrs of service is a bonus. If you're looking to buy a new one, check into the European Delivery pkg so you can try it out on the Autobahn! U won't be disappointed.
Sports and premium pkgs. This car is amazing. Handling is superb, wet or dry. Dunlop run flats hold the road as if you were on rails. The most comfortable seats you have ever placed your tail on. Design is flawless, in and out. Fantastic on long trips, 33 mpg., and a great way to commute. Why I waited so long to purchase THE ULTIMATE DRIVING MACHINE is beyond me. Of the dozen or so autos I have owned, this is by far the best. 100% class.
The car is fantastic. Looked/test drove numerous luxury SUVs and crossovers - none compare. The car is incredible to drive never reminded you are driving a WAGON. Have all avail packages and most options aside from heads up display and performance tires. Comfort seats are unbeatable for long drives. Find the interior space is perfect. front and rear seats are very comfortable and incredibly supportive, and storage space is plentiful. Finally, have to say my wife and I found the iDrive to be far easier to master than expected having read the poor reviews. X-drive is great especially in snow in rain conditions. Have had some silly QC issues that should not take place in a car of this caliber,
2nd Review. Everything I wrote in 6/08 same except for one recurring power delivery problem. The car has small power interruptions at intermittent intervals. Very annoying but not disabling. Only set a "code" once. 3 trips to dealer to fix plus 1 with a factory engineer in attendance. Never fixed. Destroyed driving experience. Finger pointing between BMW and Dinan. Removed Dinan software but problem remained. 6SM no longer notchy. No other problems but this one caused me to Lemon Law. BMW made a deal for new 2010 w/me instead. My 535i sedan 6sm to be delivered soon. Fingers crossed. The wagon is still beautiful inside and out. It is a piece of art but this aggravation isn't worth it.
This is my 4th BMW in the past 15 years and by far the best. The smooth engine/transmission cannot be beat. Local mpg is about 25 and highway is always 31-32 mpg at speed limit plus. The seats are comfortable even after 15 hour interstate runs. It has operated perfectly in all ways with the only trips to the dealer for oil and regular service. I did not originally like the body design but the driving balance and smooth functioning of the car have won me over. i-drive works easily if you spend 10 minutes to learn it rather than fearing and griping about it. 
This is an awesome family car that mixes in fun. Every time I drive it, I feel special, even after a year and a half. The 528i has plenty of power. The 535i + have more than plenty of power. Corners delightfully. Rides well over bad pavement. The vinyl looks like real leather.
We have had the car for a year. It has been in the shop for six weeks in total. The engine light comes on when the car gets hot. The main problem is we live in MT. BMW does not take care of there customers, I am trying to get a buy back. I have had three Mercedes in the past, they are not as fun to drive, but they are miles ahead in quality and customer service.
My wife and I looked at the 335, 528 and the 535i. For the price, the 535i was the best buy. Comfort is extremely good; performance is amazing for a car this size. Fun to drive ? it is a blast. At 70, when floored, it will pin you back in the seat. It wants to cruise at 100 mph. I traded in a Honda S2000 and it was fun to drive, but this BMW is almost as much fun to drive and it is much more comfortable. Everyone wants to take a ride and drive it. Even my kids think it is great, but they want the 335i. 
535i Sapphire Black/Black with Sport & Premium. Simply awesome. Very well built, comfortable, fun to drive, quiet inside and bloody fast. Test drove an A6 3.2 Quattro and an E350 Sport. The Audi was really nice but felt a little underpowered (after driving the 535i). The E350 is a great passenger's car, not that great a driver's car.
This is my second 5 series. The power of the 535i is awesome. I love the ride and enjoy how it handles. I am a guy that likes to know the power is there if I need/want it. I am completely amazed at the quality of this car. 
I had a 2003 525i and thought it was a nearly ideal vehicle. This car, however, is almost perfect. It is roomy for long trips and hauling children as well as for looking really "cool" on the road. Low maintenance costs. The iDrive is very simple to learn, even for those who aren't very technological. Other brands can't compare to BMW!
The 535xi is my 5th BMW and I got all the bells and whistles. The previous 4 were great, but pre-iDrive; this one is remarkable in comparison. A few post-purchase minutes with the salesman and using the iDrive was easy, don't know what the iDrive fuss is about. Great handling, acceleration and braking. The first 2k miles have been trouble free and a pleasure. Gas mileage was better than expected, 22-26 mpg so far and the turbos do make a difference when you want to pass or merge. I drove MB E350, Lexus GS 350, and Infiniti M45 and the Bimmer was my hands down choice.
I was looking for an all wheel drive sedan (5 passenger) to replace a G35 (rear wheel drive) for Chicago winters. I drove all the competitors from Audi A6 to Mercedes E350 to Infiniti M and so on. All of these were good cars. The BMW with its new twin turbo in-line 6 was the smoothest and best handling car, hands down. The luxury feel has been enhanced in the 2008. But when the need for speed is requested, this car responds with no hesitation. This is the best car I have owned.
I previously owned a Lexus GS which was a rattle trap. I was originally concerned that the BMW would ride too rough for me since I have some pretty severe back problems. The 535 far exceeds my hopes and expectations. Not only are the comfort seats the most comfortable I've ever owned, but the ride is superb. It is a bit firmer than the Lexus, but the support the seats provide make the BMW a much more comfortable car for me. And this thing is rock solid - no rattles. Plus the fun factor is out of this world.This car is a rocket on rails. My wife always disliked the looks of BMW, but I can't get her out of this car. The iDrive is a piece of cake, nav system is great, and the prem stereo rocks.
I was initially interested in the 3-series because of the unparalleled road feeling, but with the new 535 300 HP twin turbo, I got that same feeling but with the luxury of a 5-series. Outstanding performance and sportiness.
Test drove A6, GS 350, E550 and there is no comparision with this car. Had it a week and drove from SF to Santa Barbara and wanted to continue driving, it is so comfortable and fun to drive. Sport, premium, Logic 7, Sirius, Sport Shifters.
After owning various BMWs for 10 years now, there is nothing like them. And the new 535i does not disappoint. No need to buy the 550i. This car is absolutely perfect in every way.
I've owned 5-series BMWs for 4 years (a new one every year) and this one is by far the best yet. It accelerates like an 8-cylinder would with same quietness and "kick" one would expect from a V-8. Handling remains outstanding and the interior comfort and fit continue to impress me. The fuel economy is not as good as my 2007 530i, but good enough to warrant a second look considering the power and smoothness. The new interior features make this one the best yet.
I was interested in the 5-series but wanted to get the 3-series feeling which I think was lacking in the past 5-series. With the new 2008 twin turbo 300 HP, I am now having the luxury and enjoyment of the 5-series with the road feeling of the 3-series. This in addition to the 4WD that only kicks in when needed.
Had this car for a month now. I test drove M, A6, E350. Now they're all great cars. But you never choose a car by what other people are saying. It's just what you "feel" when you drive. BMW 535xi had an "x" factor which no others had. I'm sure other BMW owners know what I'm talking about. Some dislike the rear end, but I think it was ahead of its time and others are catching on. Some say M is at same level as BMW. Are you kidding me? Maybe 2007 model. Not the bi-turbo 2008. I don't know what the fuss is about iDrive. It was confusing during test drive. But if you know how to use a computer or playstation, you should be smart enough to get it down within a week. Even my wife knows how.
What a blast to drive, a real rocket ship, steering has a little much feedback, but the car is all about the driver. I have had an E Class and this blows it away. The gadgetry is a hoot once you master the iDrive, cruise settings at 1 or 5 MPH is cool and the 3 blink turning blinker was smart also. Sirius radio is a must, and when you get your stations preset... enjoy the ride!
Bought the wagon after waiting till 08 model came out. All good things in it but the seats are not as comfortable as the, for example, old 525 of 2001 (I had one). Seems that seats are now smaller(?). Lines are beautiful, got it in Titanium silver and black interior. really nioce. Got the navigation system. I still have to decide whether I like it or not (it is a bit distracting). Should have a "beep" something to alert about animals, etc. Don't think I would order it again. The iDrive is OK, but quite frankly if it didn't have it, things would be easier. Do not like the run flat tires. MPG is disappointing (highway is a challenge to stay at 24 MPG).
I went from a 2005 745Li with a V8 to to the 535xi. I was a little worried I would miss the 7. This car has been great! Fast, smooth and fun to drive. The improvements on the iDrive are substantial. The technology is easier and more reliable than the 7. The acceleration is better than 7, also. So I am getting great performace and all-wheel-drive in one. No more snow tire change over like I had to do on the 7 series. My only criticism is the fuel tanik capacity. I used to be able to go forever with the 7 series large tank. This 18 gallon tank means I'm at the pump every few days. If I could change one thing, it would be a larger fuel tank.
Our 2008 535i is a rocket ship! The new twin turbo I-6 cranks out 300 hp and 300 lb ft of torque. Matched to a 6 speed sport automatic with paddle shifters, this car hauls! The design is appealingly unique and avoids the cookie cutter quad headlights and triangular taillamps of the Mercedes lineup. The interior is an ode to minimalism but with practical secondary HVAC and stereo controls to compliment the iDrive package. This car provides tremendous performance, the utility of a 5 seater, aggressive style, top notch build quality and solid value. We Came, We Saw, We Bought.
Car is a dream. The ride is like that of any luxury sedan, yet the car feels tight and responsive instead of much like others. Power, even in my 528 is good, and the engine is seamless. Seats are comfortable and every button is where is should be - even iDrive, which is not the problem it is rumored to be. I have no problems using it at all and 10 minutes of instruction from my salesman was all it took. The car looks great. Sit it next to a Benz E, Lexus ES, Infinity M, or Audi A6, and it beauty prize goes to the BMW. It is the best of the bunch. Wonderful car!!
What an outstanding value. This car provides the perfect combination of acceleration and handling you'd expect from BMW. Fuel economy is good and the manual transmission ties it all together. The comfort seats are just simply unbelieveable. After 1600 mls of both highway and city driving, its clear that the 528xi has more than enough power to deliver the performance I need. I passed on the twin turbos and don't regret it a bit. Frankly, the 528xi is just plain fun to drive! The hot buttons on the iDrive dramatically simplify the system. The navigation system has the best display I've seen. The HUD is awesome.
A definite dream to own and drive! I fell in love with the car at first sight, needless to say that was the first time that had happend. A definite must for anyone who requires a sedan but wants the ride and feel of a sports car. 
The 528xi handles like a champ and is fun to drive. It has plenty of pep, especially in the sport mode. The iDrive is pretty easy to use, the seats are great, and the car has a muscular but refined look. I left BMW for years when the 7 series repair bills rivaled the cost of my mortgage. The siren song of Lexus lured me for a bit, but life is too short to compromise. 
I researched many cars before I made a decision to sell my '05 Mercedes SLK350 for my new jet black 2008 535xi with night vision. I knew I made the right choice, but I didn't realize how right it was until I drove away from the dealer. Simply amazing. That's the only way to describe it. Simply the best car I have ever been in or had the pleasure to drive. A perfect combination of tight steering and sitting in the lap of luxury. Run, do not walk and purchase this car if you can. Wish this car was more accessible and cheaper for everyone. The world would be a better place.
I've owned a new 5 series every year, 2005-2008, but this one tops them all. The powerful engine "makes" the car. The new interior design, along with programmable satellite and FM radio stations is a plus. Addition of wood along the door makes it luxurious. The electronic transmission takes some getting used to, but no problem. You've got to get premium sound with HD radio option and Sirius radio if you are an audiophile and love crisp, clear, outstanding separation of sound. I don't like the standard wheels, but one can live with them instead of spending 4000 dollars on upgraded wheels and tires. The addition of leather around the console is also a nice touch.
Before I bought the BMW I test drove Lexus, Audi and Infiniti. All of them are good cars. BMW is the the ultimate car. It is extremely confortable and drives like a sport car. The combination between luxury, handling and acceleration cannot be said about any other car in its class or in any other class for that matter. 
This car has exceeded my high expectations. Performance, styling, quality (inside and out) are incredible. This is an amazing car. The seats are comfortable, the ride is smooth yet sporty, and the peformance with the twin-turbo is unbelieveable. We've had the car for about a month and the whole family loves it.
This car has exceeded my high expectations. Performance, styling, quality (inside and out) are incredible. This is an amazing car. The seats are comfortable, the ride is smooth yet sporty, and the peformance with the twin-turbo is unbelieveable. We've had the car for about a month and the whole family loves it.
I have owned this car for a little over a month and I do not have any regrets. The ride is excellent and so is the handling. I had considered a Mercedes E350 4-matic and an Audi A6 Quattro. I am glad I went with the BMW, I think I received much more for the money. I have also found the "very difficult" iDrive system very easy to use. Overall I rate this the best European luxury car that I have ever owned.
Traded in my '02 325 - wow!!! What a difference! Even though this is a larger car it handles superbly. Tight steering, good acceleration, smooth braking. Quality, fit and finish are all outstanding with top grade materials. The iDrive has a steep learning curve but very useful once you have it mastered.
My husband and I own a Lexus and a BMW. They both drive very good, but I look so forward to driving my BMW. This is my first BMW, I really can't say enough about it. The car really holds the road, and it is extremely comfortable. The interior space is very good, in both the front and the rear. The sleek look and design provides for outstanding apperance and the ultimate driving experience. It drives like a dream on the highway and on bumpy roads. While the car is supposed to be for me, I can't keep my husband out of it! I have only had it for 4 days, but I would highly recommend it!!
Previous owner of '03 525i. The new model gives you the best of both worlds. Luxurious and sporty. Smoothier, quietier, more power, and more elegant.
This car handles very precisely. Engine feels like a V-8 even though it is a V6 turbo. It is scary-fast... if you are not a good driver you can get in trouble with this much speed. the interior is very comfortable -- the Premium Package seats are highly adjustable and best I have ever sat in. I previously had a 2000 528i and a 2002 X5. BMWs build quality and design is just so much better than even a few years ago. For the money, this is the best sports sedan period. Better than Lexus, Infiniti and even Mercedes that costs $10,000 more. The iDrive is a little tough to use, but if you are technologically proficient, it'll only take you a day or two to figure out.
After owning several Mercedes over the past 10 years I am happy to have owned my last one and am back into a new bimmer. We tried the new 3 cars but coming from the E class, the 5 car is a perfect fit. We drove the 528 and were pleased with the power but figured to go ahead and get the new rocket. Fuel economy is 22 mpg combined on the first 2 tanks which is just a tick lower than the E-320 @22-23 . The ride and drive is superb and the interior comfort and luxury is on par with the Benz except for the vinyl sun visors and the interior headliner is not as tailored .The power is smooth and instant and the iPod connect to the iDrive is way cool. Premium sound N.A., but standard is great/sat radio.
For $48k it should come with a bigger engine. It'll go when pushed but it lags at first. Car handles like it were glued to the road while providing a level of comfort you would expect in a luxury car.
Traded in my 04 545i for the new 535i. Wow! I can't say enough about how much they have improved this model. It is faster, quieter, smoother, and handles better than my 545, for less money! BMW has also made subtle changes to the interior that make the car feel more luxurious (more wood and leather in the right places). I would highly recommend this car.
Two months ago I ordered an 07 525xi for a lease replacement for my 2004 325xi. The dealer couldn't find what I wanted, so we placed an order with BMW. Eight weeks later, I went to pick up my new car and the salesman said they had a surprise. When it came off the truck, they said they all stood and stared. It was an 08 528xi! I have only driven it for a few days, but the styling and design is beautiful. 
Traded in my 2004 Mercedes E500 for a 2008 535i. I couldn't be happier. Handling is superb for a sedan of this size. Performance is great. There is literally no turbo lag. 
I upgraded from an '02 525i, which I loved and was afraid to sell, to an '08 528i and the '08 is a totally different animal. It has been perfected inside and out. I love iDrive and I can't understand why every car on the road doesn't have an iDrive system. I love the iPod adapter they offer and it's simple to use. I encourage anyone in this luxury market to drive this car. I can't wait to drive it again.
I traded in a 2004 330 convertible which I really enjoyed. The 535xi is heads and shoulder beyond the 330 Cic. I am hard on a car in daily use and drive more like an enthusiast. This car never disappoints, whether its a 4 hour drive to the beach or a drag race with a 17 year old in a mustang cobra, the BMW always comes through. Awesome creature comforts blows my parents e550 4 matic out of the water in every way. No problems whatsoever.
The best car I've ever owned! (And I've owned many.) The performance from the twin turbo inline 6 is simply amazing--great fuel economy too. Road feel and drive is great on optional sport wheels with aftermarket Bridgestone Potenzas. X-Drive and BMW handling makes this car a champion in bad weather. Incredibly comfortable on long drives thanks to contour seat package. Real-time traffic routing is a great addition to navigation. Logic 7 turns your car into a rolling concert hall. iPod and Bluetooth interface work flawlessly. Six speed auto is great once it gets warmed up. This is the car I take for long road trips. I'm always sorry when the trip is over because I have to stop driving. 
We have had the car in the shop for the same reason 4 times. They have replaced 6 ejectors, fuel pump and a gas line. We got it out of the shop on a Thursday we went on a trip on Sunday and it backfired and made a loud noise and smoke filled the inside of the car. By the time we got it stopped and out, the car was burning. It burned up. We did all we could to get it repaired. 
I purchased this car as a commuting vehicle. It is a joy to drive on a day to day basis, very quiet to exterior sounds, quick, refined and luxurious. Previously I was driving a 2007 Mercedes C230 in which I had some recurring issues -- not so with the 528i -- absolutely awesome car!! This was the perfect choice for me and my (small) family. We do some trips once in a while and this car is perfect for our needs. If I had a couple more kids then I'd have opted for a minivan or SUV for sure with the additional space. 
This has been a recurring problem with the '08 535i where the engine light comes on: ENGINE MALFUNCTION-reduce power. I took it once to Palm Springs BMW, but they did absolutely nothing. I took it to Pacific BMW where they replaced the fuel pump back in Nov 08. Early April I took it to Alexander for the same problem--ENGINE MALFUNCTION- reduce power. It turns out to be a leaking high pressure pump and broken injector. Both were replaced, and now it's in working order. All at no cost. How soon will it be before the ENGINE MALFUNCTION--reduce power light appears? I was promised that everything is in working condition. Yes, but how long? We have a 353i coupe with the same problem. 
I disagree with the prior reviewer. I too came out of an Audio A6 3.2 into a 550i sport, but think the BMW is a better car in every respect. I have had no problems with my car after almost 2 years of daily use, hard use. I drive this car hard and it delivers! The engine is something to be reckoned with, from 0 to over 100 there is power to spare, just punch it and hang on. The interior is solid as a rock... no squeaks or rattles almost 20k miles. Where the A6 is plastic this car is leather, a true luxury sports sedan. (my A6, my 2nd , was in the shop many times)
Update on reliability issues on my 535xi. I contacted my dealer with my concerns and they arranged a face to face meeting with the dealer CEO, Service Manager and BMW North America. I was very pleased with the outcome of the meeting. I am glad to report that BMW is standing behind its product. I posted the note below on "Reliability???" and only feel it it right to give props to BMW and my dealer for handling my issues in a very professional and respectful manner.
My 535xi 2008 has been in shop for two months out of the last 12. It has gone back for rough idle and rough ride 4 times for the same problem. They have replaced the master computer, oxygen sensor and possibly other stuff. BMW and the dealership do not seem to work well together to solve tough problems. Symptoms are loss of power, similar to a missing cylinder combustion i.e., jerks. Situation is not constant. I get engine malfunction light on my dash but the car computer says all is OK. It is totally a frustrating experience.
This is the second review after owning the 535xi for 18 months. I can not say enough good things about what I like about this car (see first review for that). However, the reliability of this vehicle is just not even close to expectations. I had it in the shop 7 times in the last 1 1/2 years. 5 times for check engine light and rough running: 1) replaced fuel, 2) replaced computer, 3) replaced ignition coil, 4) replaced fuel injector, 5) replaced fuel pump. The 6th time I brought it in the front suspension was creaking worse than my 70 Mustang. Dealer said it was normal, but somehow they fixed it. 7th time was for an iDrive malfunction. For the problems I have had, BMW should provide an extended warranty free of charge. If they could make this thing reliable and restore my confidence, it would be the best car ever. 
Bought new in April, has been in the shop at least twice a month every month since then transmission problems (wouldn't shift into reverse) computer problems with the iDrive, check engine light/oil/coolant lights comes on with regularity, rough starting - attributed to carbon build up on the valves, cleaned 300 miles ago and now back again. Very disappointed in my $60k car, and find no help at the dealership either, phone calls go unreturned and requests to have BMW USA involved have been ignored so far. I was so excited to get this car, and now it has turned into one of the worst decisions I ever made
Just came off a Audi A6 3.2 quattro lease and decided to try the BMW 550i. I had a 2003 BMW 530i previous to the Audi. There is no doubt that the Audi quality and solidity is better than the BMW. The interior design of the Audi is superior as well. Where the BMW comes into its own is how it drives. The 550i is powerful for sure. The motor and suspension dynamics make the car despite is not being as solidly made as the Audi. We will have to see how the reliability of the car goes as the months progress. I never had any problems with either my 2003 530i or my 2006 Audi A6 quattro.
Through the break-in period and after a few weeks of having the car in So. California I thought it worthwhile to confirm that the car is terrific day in and day out. Two additional notes: It is very difficult to stay within the speed limit. I'd say the car has the character of a jet-fighter. So capable that you're crossing over 100 mph just merging into traffic from the on-ramp (and you didn't hear or feel any noticeable change, except for the acceleration, along the way). Also, it's a bit difficult to have fun and achieve more than 20 mpg. And that's where speed limits and busy roadways help out - - they keep you from riding the afterburners all day. :)
This is my second BMW, had a 325I which was really a great drives car. The 528I is a little more refine to drive, but step on the gas and this baby gives no pause. Had mine at 141 mph. Straight as an arrow, never scared. Do Not Try This. I can only imagine the 535, 550, M3 or M5. BMW is the best.
Third BMW for me. Two 3 series previously and this new 550i is miles above and beyond what i had already decided was the best. The iDrive so complained about, I picked up easily. I find the whole vehicle experience exciting and extremely enjoyable. Speed, handling, build quality, style... all trend setting as usual. I have only liked cars before this one. 
I now know why the BMW is now called the "Ultimate Driving Machine". The 535i is the best car I have ever driven. It has a solid feel and the handling is amazing. It sticks like glue while corning. I test drove a bunch of cars - Infiniti, Lexus, and Acura. None of these cars drive like the 5 series. I went with the 5 series despite the fact it costs more, but it's worth every penny!
I do not know why I ever left BMW. Maybe is was that the grass looked greener at MB. A Benz is probably the best car to ride in, but the BMW is the best car to drive. And I like to drive. I am coming out of an 07 E350 and just bought a 08 528i. What a difference. The 528 is so fun to drive, that I cannot wipe the smile off of my face. It just handles so well and there is plenty of power in the 528. You really do not need the 535. It definitely reminds me of my 2000 528 which I liked very much. Purchased car with premium & sport packages, navigation, auto, iPod and xenons. Great package. The E350 was like driving a sofa down the freeway. The 528 is like a sports car, it is on rails.
I have owned two 550i's in a year and a half. The reason for two is that the first one was in service for massive computer troubles 14 times in a 12 month period. The dealership swapped me out of the trouble maker and now in only four months and 4000 miles I am in service overheating and all the windows and sunroof seem to open by themselves. Please avoid this model
I purchase my BMW 528i Labor Day weekend. I love it because it really handles like a luxury vehicle. Cup holders are a little awkward but I overlooked that problem with other likable features about the vehicle. The vehicle has very good pick up and seating is comfortable although I recommend that BMW have plusher leather.
I have owned this car for only two weeks. It doesn't disappoint. I can sports car and still have room for others. There is a reason they call it the ultimate driving machine. No other vehicle has the same driving experience. I test drove Audis, Porsches, Mercedes-Benz. I still came back to BMW. I own a 2000 328Ci. This car is just as fun to drive.
After 6 months I have enjoyed this machine plentifully, it drives fun. The most impressive to me is the powerful motor and small details on how it handles the curves. 
This is my first BMW and I have been fan of Japanese cars. My favorites were Lexus and Acura. I needed a new car to replace old Lexus that I had. 528i was the first one that i test drove. Honestly, I did not know what was so great about it other than handling. It drove nice but I felt like it didn't justify the price tag. After leaving BMW, I test drove Acura and Lexus and then Thats when I noticed the difference! All the interiors looked nice and all but it just didn't feel right when driving the Japanese. BMW hugs the road in cornering and drives uphill smoothly and effortlessly. I went straight to BMW!
Finally took the plunge and bought 528xi with Premium Pack (comfort access, xenon, usb audio integration, etc.). I must say I absolutely love it. Also test drove the GS350 AWD, and it gave good competition to the 528xi but in the end, just the sheer driving pleasure swayed me towards the 528xi. Features for features, the GS350 had more toys, but it doesn't come close to the performance and the drive that 528xi offers. No lack of power. Just awesome!
Took ED and drove 600 miles across So. Germany in 3 days. Ably handled everything from tight country roads, windy descents to 100+ mph cruising & stop n go on the Autobahn. Averaged 26+ mpg. Coming from Acura TL, never thought I'd say "Good value" about a BMW, but the performance, ride, sound and handling are so amazingly solid while seating 4, it's difficult to imagine why you'd spend so much more for a little impractical Porsche (compare 0-60), or unpredictable Maserati GT. Great touring, great speedster and terrific looking. Easily translates from mellow to "let's go!" especially at the touch of the "Sport" button. Higher revs, immediate response.
After one month of ownership and 2,000 miles, this is clearly a superior automobile. All of my expectation have either been met or exceeded. IDrive is not the most user friendly, but also not difficult to master.
This is my 4th BMW and I love the car with one major exception. There is a programming glitch in the transmission software which BMW has not been able to correct. The car slams down into first gear quite violently when I accelerate from low speed (such as when turning a corner onto an uphill grade) or slowing for a light and then re-accelerating without coming to a complete stop. The car has been back to the dealer twice - they have been superb, spending lots of time to try to solve the problem - but BMW corporately has no solution at this time. They say they hope to have a software upgrade sometime in September, but make no real promise that this will correct the problem. We shall see. 
I now have 1500 miles and can say this was the best 1500 miles I've every driven. This is a driver's car not a typical American or Japanese built car. Don't complain about the cup holders, BMW doesn't expect you to drive the autobahn with anything but two hands on the wheel. Focus on the quality of the ride beyond the seat and gadgets, it is amazing. If you really want the power go for the 535 or to tour the country side with a 550. I find the 528 gives me what I need in power with a little economy unexpected, I'm averaging 22.4 mpg in the greater DC area.
Had traded a 530 for an X3 as I felt like I was becoming an old man with a sedan. One year later I'm back in a 535XI and I'm enjoying being a 45 year old old man. What a difference! Solid ride, good punch from the turbo, especially in sport mode.
Want a comfortable car? How about one that can go from a cruise, to a race in seconds? This is the one you want. Why sacrifice comfort, convenience, or practically for pure driving pleasure (like Porsche), when you can have it all? I drove a bunch of Audis, checked out a bunch of Mercs - but man, after having another BMW, you can't change to anything else. Only Germans can make REAL cars. I'm biased, and some people don't really care about the driving experience. But if you do, German cars, and in this class, especially BMW is the only game in town.
Purchased the car on European Delivery - lots of fun. Drove 1100 miles in Germany, Austria & Italy. You don't need many expensive options. Only Xenons & fold down rear seat. Leather without premium package also nice. Std seats are fantastic. Forget the sports package in 528. Better in 3 series. Very quiet & comfortable. Great cruiser. Large trunk. 
I took delivery in June, 2007, but because of an issue with "High Battery Drain When Car Stopped" that they could not fix, they replaced my car in June, 2008, with another identical one. This one has the same problems, and is still at the service department. They cannot figure out the problem. Worst two vehicles I have ever had.
The car is too heavy. It is a pain to drive in a "stop and go" traffic situation that we face in DC. Car hesitates to move from full stop. Once it is mobile, it takes off like a rocket and then it is fun to drive. The interior is poorly designed particularly location of controls. Placement of coffee mug holders is terrible. Inside console compartment is lousy. Technologically, no car can match it - just great car. Gas mileage is excellent. Steering is excellent and handling is superb. Ride is excellent and cabin noise is very low. Stereo is excellent. VOB service is good. BMW North America never responds to e-mails.
Purchased this car in April and has 3k miles now. With the sport package you get the look of the M5 without the manumatic transmission. Build quality is what is to be expected from BMW. Outstanding engine response, especially in sport mode, great handling and extremely comfortable. The sport suspension rides harder than any dedicated sports car I have driven, but definitely ups the handling from the base suspension. Great car. BMW has hit another homerun with this car.
We bought an arctic white with tan int. 535i and after only 900 miles we have to say we enjoy this vehicle immensely. The 300hp turbo engine is great although the gas mileage of 12 we get in the city doesn't even come close to the window sticker promise of 17. All other reviews are accurate with the cupholders and weirdness of iDrive. It's not that the iDrive is hard to use, but when coupled with nav, and having to scroll and type, it can get tiresome. But other features, such as a/c controls, and awesome bluetooth -- they just changed the laws here in CA, and it's already saved me a few tickets -- it's really leaps and bounds above the 04 325ci BMW we traded for this one. 
Living in a cold climate with snow / ice on the ground for much of the winter, I was looking for an AWD performance sedan. In the end I settled on the Acura RL, Infiniti M35x and BMW 535xi (though I loved the M series, I did not consider them practical for year - round driving in my climate, even with snow tires). From a "thrill of driving" and performance perspective, the 535xi quite simply left the Acura and Infiniti in the dust. Acceleration and handling were no contest 8 months later and a rough winter under my belt, and I couldn't be happier with my choice. Comfort seats and access are a must. 
I special ordered my 550i with exactly the options I wanted and it was worth the 2 month wait. This car is an absolute blast to drive. I love the throaty sound of the V8 and the smoothness of the engine. I test drove the 535i also and even though the 0-60 performance is close (according to the specs) the 550i feels much more powerful because of its substantial mid range torque. My car has the sports package so it is a little stiffer than my old car, a 1999 528i (non-sport), but the 550i is not too stiff at all and corners extremely well. The iDrive was not hard to learn and in fact I like it. My coworkers are fascinated by the iDrive and other electronics gadgets. NICE car BMW!
I have been considering a 5-series equivalent for 3 years, and the 535i is the most amazing car. The car is luxurious, yet when you drive it, it is like a sports car. The twin turbo accelerates so fast, that it pushes you backwards into the seat. It is so solid compard to my 330ci, and yet is accelerates faster. Cornering is not as nimble as my 3 series, but it's a bigger car. I don't know why people complain about iDrive; it's great. Anybody with any intelligence and who can use microsoft windows can use iDrive. It takes about 15 minutes to figure out, and it basically is a computer in your car without all the clutter. I have a 6spd manual, and I love it. It is smooth and sure. Amazing.
Extremely fun to drive. Great acceleration and handling. Sports package is a must just for seats - you can configure them the way you want (I feel more comfortable in it, than in $1000+ office chair). The iPod connector is great (even for ~$400). I use it every day, forgot about radio and CD existence. Bluetooth easy to use and very good. Nav controlled by iDrive is the only dark spot in this review, I consider this feature serious mis-design - it's not usable period. 
Poor storage space for little items like sunglasses, wallets, change, phones. Ride position is very low with the sport package. Transmission and brakes make for poor stop and go traffic comfort. Rough shifts in the mornings. Handles and drives like no other sedan above 70 mph. Horrible car for speeds below 30 mph. Large turning radius and bad blind spots. I bought this car with much regret and can't wait to get out of it. Nice looks and performance at high speeds but worthless in every day traffic. IDrive is plain horrid and after 6 software flashes it crashes randomly for 2-3 days at a time. Techs can't figure out why. Bluetooth works great, nav is the worst I have seen. Not worth price.
I've been driving my 528xi for a few months now and I still love getting in the car and taking a drive. It is truly amazing and so comfortable. While not as much of a "beast" as the 535, it is still quick on acceleration and has that luxury/comfort/sports combo so missing with other cars. iDrive isn't the best, but it is quick to learn and makes stuff easier. iPhone integration is seamless. I have premium, cold, navi, xenons and iPod adaptor. No complaints. BTW: this was my second BMW. 2003, e39 was the first.
Nav, Cold Wx Pkg, Premium Pkg. I traded a 2005 Acura TL 6sp to get more space and still get a manual. So nice not to have squealing tires when damp. This car can put the power down in all wx with it's smooth clutch. No drama. Space for gear and people are great (my 6'4"son rides comfortably in back). IDrive is a pain but learnable. Lots of over-engineering. NOT intuitive on many levels. Seat memory where you can't see it. Door unlock button on dash (not on doors). Honda has sensibilities sewn up. Still, I got what I asked for. Best upgrade was Dinan chip reflash for 384hp and 421 torque and removes top speed limit. Good power before. Now, the Ultimate sleeper! MPG:20/25 driven carefully.
This car is very nice and fun to drive until you come to stop and hearing all that brake noise. It makes it sound like an old truck. That really takes away from the joy of driving it. The sad aspect is, BMW informed me that it is a natural for the cars to do that. I believe that that is a defect. The passenger cup holder is an obstruction if you have plus size people using the car.
I took delivery 2 weeks ago, but the disappointment still stings. My previous car was a 2005 RL, my second car is a 2008 G53x. The 535xi is less fun to drive than the G35x, and its electronics, for the most part, are less advanced than the 3-year old RLs. I also find the seating positon too low, and the driver's seat does not go high enough (I am 5'11"). And then there is the much maligned iDrive. In my opinion, the critics are understating the inelegance and lack of thought put into the iDrive.
I would have rated this car very high if it was not the hesitation in acceleration from full stop and location and size of control buttons
I love my new BMW. My wife is a bit jealous but she knows it's just infatuation. My kids love it and I have to admit that I've never really liked cars like I like this one. It's no wonder people like me are so enthused my their driving machines. I look forward to every drive. There's nothing like picking up a friend or family member in a car like this.
I bought a manual 550i about three weeks ago. Previous car was an 05 Lexus and drove a 00 540i manual before that. This new 550i is awsome. I searched hard for a manual. Suddenly there were two and both were loaded with mile-high sticker prices. This is a dying breed. A compelling reason for choosing a 5 Series BMW over a similar sized Mercedes or Lexus is the availability of a V8 with a slick shifting 6 speed manual. I have only run up several hundred miles but it's obvious what a great piece of machinery it is. Oh, and all the negative iDrive hype is a total red herring. It is simple to learn and operate and very intuitive. My commute to work is suddenly a lot more interesting.
Just got the 535i with premium, sport, premium audio, hd radio, ipod, satellite. The car is really fun to drive, the handling is incredible. I like the iDrive, it adds a little mystery and class to the car. But I received the car with a non function sos system. I have to return to dealer and have it fixed. I hope this the only thing that goes wrong
Was considering several cars like Mercedes C350, E350, Lexus GS350, Infiniti G35, BMW 528i sport. After driving all of them, the 535i with sport, premium, navi, xenon blew them all away. Great transmission with 2 sport modes and paddle shifters. Car is glued to the road. Active suspension almost eliminates body roll. IDrive is functional just takes some time to learn all the menus. Picks up speed instantly, no turbo lag. Very fun to drive. My 1st BMW and now I know why its called ultimate driving machine. Other premium brands don't come close in road feeling.
My friend said it great "BMW drives as if it's on rails, other cars just swim all over the place". This is so true. I test drove Benz CLS550, E350, Infiniti M35, Lexus GS350. No car can compare to the overall performance of BMW 5 series. On a turn that I took with Lexus GS350 while it was squicking and felt as if it was about to skid, BMW didn't even lean. Amazing car. If you want a couch on wheels buy a Lexus. If you want comfort and at the same time an "Ultimate Driving Machine" go with BMW 5 series. Don't waste money on Logic7 sound . We compared standard sound system to Logic7. There was very little difference in sound. Don't waste money there.
Wow is an understatement! We've owned our 550 for a year, and words do not do justice to this car. The one thing that I would add is that we specifically bought the 6-speed manual transmission, and it makes the car all that much more fun to drive. I will start smoothly in 1st, but 2nd and 3rd are nothing but a blast. 
I drove the 2008 535 sport & 550 sport back to back hard. My advice to anyone looking at both of these cars is this. If you can't feel much of a difference between the two cars, get the 535. I felt the difference immediately that is why I went with the 550. It feels very close in over-all performance to the 2001 M5 that I used to have. My wife had a different point of view but I used the Jedi mind trick on her value focused mind. She was happy enough with the 535 sport. I would agree that the 535 sport is 95% as good as the 550 sport for about 10% less money. I just happen to be one of those people who enjoy driving in that extra 5% zone and don't mind paying a little more for it. 
Traded in my 05 545 for an 08 535i. BMW is obviously mis-representing the 300hp rating on this car. It is faster than the 08 550 off the line and is only .1 secs slower to 60mph. Why pay the extra 10K? The torque and shift sequencing is incredible, especially in Sport mode (don't be cheap, get the sport package). Loaded up on all the extras, Major improvements on the nav, iDrive and iPod interface. Thought I was possibly downgrading moving from 325hp down to 300hp, believe me... the 535 hands down out performs the 545, gets better gas mi. than the 550, and from my experience, is equally as fast.
Just purchased the 535xi. It's the best car I have ever driven. I have owned Mercedes, Infiniti and Acura and is far superior in quality and craftsmanship. The car is fun to drive, quite on the road, accelerates quickly with the 300HP turbo. Within two hours, you can master the iDrive. It's not as difficult as made out to be. Just have to go through a few more steps than other systems. I would highly recommend this car. The money is worth it when compared to others in the same price range.
This is my 2nd BMW. I owned a 7 series three years ago and had many problems with it. I leased a Mercedes S550, which was nice, but I decided to get back into something fun and sporty. The New 550i is an awsome car. They made some really nice improvements. It's fast, responsive, handles incredibly, stylish, comfortable, and a pure joy to drive. I bought it fully loaded with the excpetion of the Heads- up display and night vision. This is by far my favorite car I've owned. I recommend the sport package in any BMW you purchase, after all, BMW is the Ultimate Driving Machine, so how you can not get the sport package. This car is a keeper. 
What's not to like. Style, class and the twin turbo is like a rocket. I drove the MB E class, to stuffy. The Lexus had no personality. The BMW does it all. What really sold me was seeing all three together. It was no competition for the BMW.
I had a bad experience with 535xi purchased recently, which was customer ordered from BMW manufacturer. With less than 100 miles, the car has been found to have two defective parts: 1. failed tire presure sensor; 2. faulty engine cylinder injector. They showed up in this brand new car, and malfunction signal displayed on the panel. I am really disappointed with that. Having other new cars and I never have such bad experience. Maybe this just bad luck.
This car is heaven on wheels. I have put 4,000 miles on the car so far with no problems. Now that I've passed the break in period, the car gets 23 MPG in mixed driving!! The car handles very well and the braking is fantastic. I had a 1997 BMW 528i and this new 528i is so much better in almost every department compared to my old one. I looked at the E60 when it came out in 2004, but I didn't like how they placed window switches and other little things. The 2008 refresh got it right and I love the improvements over the earlier E60s. Great car all around!
I recently moved from an e39 540i6 to this 550i sport automatic. This car is much more comfortable and "luxurious" while maintaining an even better balanced feel on the road (it is winter so i have not been able to push it real hard, yet). The iDrive requires some learning investment, but the payoff is real - you can set up a lot of the car features to your personal preferences. The back seat and trunk are larger. Only downside has been fuel mileage ~16.5 MPG in mixed driving compared with 22 MPG in the old car.
I was interested in AWD, coming from a Benz SUV, and looked at Audi, Acura, Infinity, Lexus, Mercedes, and Cadillac. The 535xi was simply the best car that I drove. It also was the most expensive of the group that I tested. In fact, like others have said, it is the best car that I have ever driven! The technology is not intrusive, it is helpful and with a little practice and reading the manuals, the navigation system and communication systems are your best friends. The fit and finish of the interior is impressive. The combination of pure driving capability, speed when needed, technology, and creature comforts in the cabin, made me covet the car.
After nearly a year and 12k miles, this car has proven to be even better than the initial write-ups. It is fast and fun to drive, gets around great in the snow and is wonderfully intuitive and responsive to the driver. This car is a keeper.
I "downgraded" from a 2007 X5 4.8i to a fully loaded 2008 535xi wagon to get away from the SUV stigma of poor mpg and pollution. Very happy with this vehicle, except that the wagon's sport pkg does not include sport suspension or wheels. So this car has a little too much lean in corners and the steering is too light. Performance is excellent for a 6 cyl. and the drive train is extremely smooth, almost too smooth and Lexus-like. This 6 cyl wagon costs as much as a well equipped 8 cyl X5. The vehicle is top notch in nearly every aspect but I have to question what makes it worth almost $70k. Without the sport suspension, it doesn't have the BMW performance edge that justifies the price premium.
When I was shopping for a car, it was the technology that sold me on the 5-series. I was a little negative about iDrive, but I've found it to be easy to live with. I love how integrated everything is - my iPod and phone are a part of the car. The heads up display is excellent, especially with directions from the navigation system on the windshield. The night vision camera is just plain cool. It's an easy car to drive with confidence. I recommend driving a sport vs. non- sport package car before buying the sport because the ride is pretty firm.
Just picked up my 08 535xi with Nav, Logic 7, SAT Radio, IPOD, Premium Pkg, PDC, Cold Weather & sport wheels. Handles great, fast as a rocket and the most comforable seats i've ever been in. IDRIVE is simple. Also the best headlight around. I dare you to drive it, you'll love this car. It screams luxury inside!
This is truly an amazing vehicle to drive. Excellent handling, super fast, acceleration is as smooth as silk, very little cabin noise. The iDrive takes no more than 1 hour to learn. Hands down the best sedan in its class. Bravo BMW!
This is the third BMW 5 series I've owned, and they've all been great cars. This is my favorite one, nudging out my 1995 540 6-spd. I got the sport package with automatic on this one to satisfy my wife. The twin turbo 6 cylinder is terrific, and the new 6-spd automatic works very well with quick decisive shifts. It's fast and gets very good mileage, averaging 23.5 mpg on my daily commute. The car handles like a sports car while being comfortable and rattle free. Despite car mag complains about the Bangle looks and the iDrive, I love them both. With the sport package and wheels, the car has a low aggressive look. Oh, and no problems in 8 months! This will be a long term keeper.
The 535i has enough power to make it a performance car. They don't give you a lot (compared to Cadallac and Infiniti, etc) and the options are borderline ripoff, but what they do give you - fantastic. The 20 way sport seats and iPod adapter are worth it!!!
I owned a 2007 BMW 530xi so I can tell you from experience that the new car is light years above the previous year in all areas. It out-performs it, it is built better, it handles better, and although most of the changes were subtle, they were in the right place, such as the window controls on the dirvers side. This vehicle is a veritable rocket for a 6 cylinder car this is amazing. I also own a late model Mercedes with a 382hp 8 cyl that can barely stay in the same room with the BMW performance wise.
This is an unbelievable car. I test drove the 535 with the twin turbo, but it's no match for the smoothness and sheer grunt of the V8. I had a Mustang GT before this and this is faster, smoother and more fun. Mine is optioned to the max, with HD radio, Satellite radio, HUD, sport package, cold weather package, heated steering wheel, heated rear seats, Nav and so on. The 19 inch wheels look very cool! I also have the sport transmission, with paddle wheel shifters. So far, I have not used these that much. All in all a great car, that I highly recommend. 
Just traded my 2005 545i for the 2008 550i and it feels like a completely different car. Interior is more luxurious and the car handles much better than the 2005. Automatic transmission is much smoother. This is my fourth BMW and it is by far the best one I have owned. 
Had a 911, have 3 kids, needed something comfortable for the family. Looked at the 550i sport and thought I'd get too many tickets. The 535i sport is just a little more "real world", but still handles like a proper sport sedan. The xi models understeer more than I'd like, and the sport package on the i model is a true bmw sport package (suspension). The twin turbo motor gives you v8 torque and horsepower, I suspect that the ratings of 300 each is understated. Saving 10 grand over the 550 sport was worth it.
We had a 2006 325i which we traded for the 528i. The 3 series is a fun car to drive but the 5 series is truly a luxury automobile. The ride, comfort, workmanship & engineering is outstanding. My wife & I were somewhat apprehensive about the iDrive, but we both actually like it & it is not that difficult to use. This is our second BMW & would recommend the BMW brand to anyone looking for luxury.
After carefully considering the 535i, I drove this 550i. WOW! This vehicle is exactly what "The Ultimate Driving Machine" is all about. The mid-size with the large V8 motor, M/T and Sports Package make this vehicle simply a blast to drive. The best car I have ever owned!
Great car. I purposely don't listen to the radio just to hear the sweet sound of the inline 6. Comfortable, fast, safe. 
First BMW I've owned and I'm hooked. Tested the Infiniti M35 and Acura RL and the 535i blows them away. The car is rock solid, fast, and handles like a sports car. The interior is comfortable and quiet and the ride is perfect. The twin turbo inline 6 is a phenominal engine. Very smooth and plenty of power when you want it while providing better than expected milage (I'm averaging 20-22 mpg city and 28- 30 mpg highway). Simply the best car I've ever owned. You just want to keep taking it out for a drive.
Had the 08 535i for over a month. Took me an hour to configure the iDrive. Other than the climate module, it is actually real easy to use. The car is solid, quite luxurious and now actually looks great. I am driving this like a 50 yr old because I am babying this car and also the higher level of luxury and insulation from the raw elements. By comparison, I am Mr. Hyde behind my M Coupe. The couple of occassion when I had to make more energetic manoeuvre, the car was very stable and responsive. Mind you, I swapped out the OEM tire with Michelin Pilot Sport A/S which in my opinion, the best (Z rated tire with a 400 treadwear and can be driven all year round in Toronto).
Previously owned a Mercedes E class wagon and this is a totally different experience. I do find myself still comparing the two vehicles. I think the Mercedes seats have more support and my biggest disappointment with the BMW is the turning circle which is not nearly as tight as the Merc. Getting used to the iDrive but I still think there's too much confusing and unnecessary engineering in these new-age vehicles.
This is one awesome car. Some of the other reviews say "fun to drive"; what an understatement! Even the 528 is fast, agile and responsive. The controls are in just the right place. This car fits like a glove. The seats are the best I have ever encountered in an automobile. I had read reviews stating the iDrive was too complicated prior to my purchase and was very concerned. Forget about it. The iDrive takes no appreciable time to get comfortable with and then you wonder why everyone doesn't use it. The sound and climate systems are terrific! 
Gobs of power. At 125 mph on the Autobahn, it was still strong and wanted to run. Power NOW at any speed from 10 mph on up. Smooth riding, quiet, comfort seats are great. I found iDrive very easy and better than a hundred buttons on the dash. I like the traffic information and think the navigation works very well. The headlights work great, corners light up great at night. The brakes are terrific too. 
This car is great! A very comfortable ride. I have owned a 3 series, 740i, two X5s and now this. The comfort is great, performance is great and it has good gadgets. The iPod adapter and navigation system are fun and work very well.
My lease was close to up for the Lexus GS 300, and I decided to narrow it down to the newer GS 350, MB E350, or the 535i. I tried the E550, and it was ok. Nice inside appointments, but not a thrill to drive. I then tried the 535i, and that was it. The car is a rocket as others say. I was doing a modest 80 mph on the highway, and stepped about 1/2 way down on the gas, hit 3,500 RPM, and just took off. Dangerously fast. The 300 ft/lb of torque are in a wide range of RPMs, allowing the car to jump at lower ranges (1,500-5,500 RPM). Handling is insanely tight. Little to no play in the steering. Bluetooth connection through the radio is tops. Very fun to drive, and highly recommended.
Having owned 3 Porsches, a CL600 MB, and various other cars I can honestly say this is the best car I've owned. The car is quick and seamlessly fast especially in the sport mode. The electronics are all integrated and I found the much maligned iDrive to be easy to use. The ride is superb and I would easily say it rides as well as the Lexus LS 460 which I test drove. Living in the Northeast I anticipate the x drive will be invaluable. I've already tested the car on wet pavement and it pulls beautifully thru turns without the concern of the rear end going out that the Porsche is known for. 
This is my 2nd 750. This is the perfect blend of interior luxury and sports car handling/performance under $100k. Fit and finish are outstanding. The iDrive is fine but the Nav system is terrible. My only complaint on an otherwise perfect car. 
Stay away from night vision. I thought it would be great option but be warned, it is not. It is difficult to use as a driver and by time you see something, there is no time to react. But the downside is that the engineers mounted the camera in a place where rocks and debris can easily damage the lens. I didn't have 3k miles on my car before it went kaput! And, BMW will not fix it for free and the cost of repairs is $4,500.00. And the engineers of BMW also removed the sensor to tell you when a tail light is out. Well mine went our and the 3.00 bulb has been replaced by a LED light that takes the service dept 8 hrs to fix. And after 3 weeks, it's out again! Whats going on?
This is an amazing car. Considered the Lexus and Infiniti top models, but they did not stack up against the 750. Stereo is phenomenal; drive and comfort - WOW!! IDrive is completely intuitive, controls are easy, and interior finish is immaculate. The best I have ever driven!
I bought my car over the weekend and drove two hundred miles from the dealership to my home. Ride quality, technology, build quality and all the features are mind blowing. I have looked at Benz S550 and Lexus LS460 before pulling the trigger on 750LI. In my opinion this car is the best in this class as far as options, interior look, feel, drive and build quality is concerned. I don't know what is the fuss about IDrive? I was able to figure out everything about the IDrive in my two hour drive. It's very good system if you are ready to embrace the latest and greatest in technology 750LI has to offer. IF you are in the market for luxury car in this class then look no more.
The passenger comfort of this car is hard to beat. Quiet and smooth - I often feel like power napping between meetings! Rear windows not too small or high. At the wheel its a pleasure to drive. But it is b-i-g. Some may feel uncomfortable handling the sheer size. Too early to really say anything about the quality of the build and engine. First impression is very good, but with all the tech there are lots of things that can break or go wrong. Tested another 750li before buying this one - and it had a broken sunshade.
Overall it's just a great car, rides well, always works as it should, Once you get to know iDrive it's a good system but not great, quality fit and finish inside and out, comfortable on the highway, in traffic, or on the twisty back roads. Decent MPG for a large car with a V-8, average 16 MPG, (80 city, 20 highway driving). Can be had at great price right now with slowing sales and a new model coming out soon, if you don't mind driving the older model. Can't beat BMW's warranty and free scheduled maintenance. 
I have had numerous BMW products which I have enjoyed. However, I have never had one that would not accept gasoline in the tank or where the mileage range reads different each time after fueling and gas gage reads something different every 10 to 20 miles. I have no idea most of the time if I have gas or not. I have driven every loner I think BMW has to offer for weeks at a time. My car is in repair so much BMW doesn't call me for a service review. In addition, my cruise is set at 70MPH and my computer reads avg speed is 85 MPH???? So much for my purchase of the "luxury" car when I am driving a loner most of the time.
I had only considered another S500 or the Lexus LS460 L. I stopped in at the BMW dealer while the wife was shopping just to kill time. After the negative notes on the iDrive and a look I considered "not cool" I was impressed with the close-up look of the exterior and blown away by the interior. One test ride and I was hooked. No doubt it is a blast to drive. The young 'buzzers' that show-off at the stop lights are real surprised when the "large" BMW blows past them after the first 100 ft. or so. The 760 might have been more fun but not enough to justify the extra cost. The iDrive is no big deal to learn or navigate.
I just purchased this beautiful car. The seats are luxurious with tons of settings and it even has a driver side massage. The car drives great and is ultra luxurious. However, even with the premium sound $1800 upgrade with 13 speakers, the quality of the radio is horrible. It sounds tinny and when you adjust the base, you lose the midrange and can not adjust that. The feature to give stereophonic sound (Logic 7) sounds terrible and echoes all around when you turn it on. It's amazing that with such an awesome car they would put in this kind of sound system.
I really enjoy this 7 series. This is my third 7, and I like the tight feel of driving. The power is intoxicating as it moves! I like the improved iDrive. It is easier to use. The car also fits my size as I am 6'1" and need enough room. It works well with my iPhone, too. Owning this car is a real joy.
Best-in-class handling and ride. True quality everywhere you look and touch.
This is the fourth BMW 7 series I've had and it is better than the others. Subtle changes from the 2006 and all make the car a bit more fun to drive. Great deals available as it is the last of this model. It is considerably less than a comparable Audi, Mercedes, or Jaguar, and definitely better to drive. 
I bought a 750li and so far I have 20,300 miles with no issues at all. Mine has all features including premium and sport package and I optioned for different M styled wheels and mine is alpine white with tinted windows.
The 7 series goes way back, owning many more of them this one is the best. especially from the other competitors like the A8, S class, and the LS. the 7 is a very comfortable machine, very great performance. It will make you fall in love with it in know way you have on a car. If you are thinking about what to get in this range, trust me and get a 7 series. The best car on the planet. 
I've always been a Porsche guy & even tried an 08 Vette for a while but a baby meant I needed a 4 door or I was sentenced to driving the wife's car all the time. I looked at the IS-F, E55, & C63 before buying the E90 M3. One drive and you'll understand. The feel, sounds, handling etc are all unbelievable. When you are done driving like you stole it, it is a very civilized cruising car for the whole family. None of the competitors come close. I honestly didn't think I'd like the M3 from reading about it as I thought it wouldn't have the torque to make me happy. I couldn't stop grinning on the test drive. Drive one and you will understand. The M3 is the best all around car on the market.
I have always wanted a M3 and with the introduction of the new M in 08' I couldn't have picked a better time to get one. I decided to go with the hard top convertible to get the best of both worlds. True coupe like design and then who could argue the experience of open roof driving. I have invested in an amazing performance exhaust because I was a little disappointed with the stock sound... no way did it sound like a V- 8, but it sure does now!! I also put H&R Sport lowering springs on it to give the car an even more aggressive stance at stand still and it corners even better now... if you can improve on the amazing handling it came with.
 All it took was one 5 mile test drive to realize this is a special car that lives up to every kudo the M nameplate has earned over the years. The 414hp pulls rapidly to the 8400 rpm redline and WOW, what music to the ears! There's NO car that sounds so perfect when running wide open down the Abaun! It's an absolute dream to drive with perfect balance and only a hint of understeer. I'm amazed at the usability and room in this vehicle. The interior is very comfortable and although it's a supercar I can still put the family in it to go cruising. The trunk is large and the interior volume/space is perfect for 4 persons. If you're looking for the ultimate car, look no more... the M3 is it!
In terms of driving enjoyment this is the best car I have had. Wanted to point out the how nice it is to be able to switch from automatic mode when you feel like just cruising, to using the hand pedals when you feel like driving hard. Regardless of your mood you get best possible experience. In both situations the car handles great, and is fun. Having a cab that adds an additional dimension. So the new M3 Cab is the best possible combination of fun, diversity and quality of driving I have ever seen.
Drove a 2009 Porsche 911 with A/M before I drove the M3 6spd. The 911 didn't impress me. The M3 blew me away. Got it will all the options and brushed aluminum. It is very comfortable. Takes a little time to get used to shifting the manual. You can tell a major difference from M mode and regular mode. Fuel economy is almost the same in both so I usually just leave it in M. In M it is a rocket, in regular my 4-runner accelerates faster. Icontrol is easy to use and they seem to have thought of everything and put it in the right place.
Just brought my new 2008 m3 cab home. Traded a 2008 P 911S cab. The M3 is faster and tighter with 19s and M drive. I am really juiced. Have had a 2007 P911 turbo, a bmw 645, and another P911S cab in the last 4 years, but this seems to hold its own with the turbo and beat the rest. More comfortable the the Porsche with incredible handling. M3 has satellite radio, something Porsche did not offer until 2009 and then at a very steep option price. And my insurance went down to boot!
Great combination of everyday practicality and speed and handling. Pricey but every option is available and quality seems to be excellent. 
Love the car. The Blue is fantastic. The leather is really high quality. Love the MDrive option because I drive this car daily in the summer and I don't need to spill my coffee at every stop light. Love the IDrive. I think the IDrive has gotten a bad rap from the non-computer literate generation out there. The car is simply everything good I wanted in a car, power, style, luxury, safety, performance, it's all there.
Then you need to get this car. The engine sounds phenomenal and I'm still in the break-in period. The DCT transmission makes this car and I highly recommend getting it. The car's fit and finish is perfect. Everything is flush no creaks or rattles. The interior would use a bit more distinction from the regular 3 series but at the price we're paying compared to other countries it's acceptable.
In the past 4 years I've had the e60 M5, 2007 M6 cabrio, and 2005 M3 cabrio. This car is built much better than all three of those. M6 and M5 are similar, and some would say in their own class. Yes and no, the M3 seems to be much more agile and nimble, which gives the impression of being just as fast if not faster. Interior is the same as any new BMW car, not that great, but better than the likes of MB or P-cars. Back seat is way better than 911 p-car, but still pathetic. Overall, I think this car actually has some value in it and in today's day and age is affordable for the supercar-like performance and feel. Thumbs up!
I love this car. I have two young children which means that I need a car with 4 doors. I have owned a '98 E36 M3 sedan - which was fun and a '02 E39 M5 - which was fantastic (apart from the oil leaks & quirky electronic failures) both of which made me an avid M fan. However, when it came time to replace the M5 there was no 4 door M series available. So, I switched to Audi's S4. I was very surprised at how good the Audi was but it did not give me the same driving enjoyment as a BMW. When it came time to change the Audi I looked at the M5 and the M3 sedan. I liked the M5 but I could not see what I was getting for the extra $30K. The M3 is a perfect solution for me and my family... we love it!
I've had an E36 M3 & '00 M5. This car is significantly better. The ride & comfort are the best I've seen with such performance. Not the fastest car out, but the balance of power, ride and awesome handling make it a fantastic package. Top down motoring is amazingly smooth & wind protected, yet when you want it, the sound from the loud pedal is better than the killer sound system! I love the ride adjustability & being able to cruise smoothly or flog it on a moment's notice. It's hard NOT to smile while driving this car!
Owned 02 325 and 07 335i, I thought was the best BMW car made today. Went to the dealer for a service check walked out with an 08 M3. Why? The 08 M3 can go from 335i to Animal mode with a press of a button. The engine noise, throttle response, the handling, the 19" wheels with the billet brakes. They made everything in the car functional nothing cosmetic. Imola Red with the sunroof (CF roof was nice but my wife likes sunroof and that was the breaking point to purchase). The evil looks that every policeman gives you is priceless. Do not test drive the M3 if you don't have the money.
Excellent overall ! Great performance, handling and build quality. Such a fun ride, engine note is awesome as well. Have had many AMG models, this M is probably best handling and driving enjoyment.
I owned E46 E36 E30 M3s and this is by far the quickest and best M3. I love the engine/exhaust noise when you hit above 5000rpm. You can't go wrong with this car.
As smooth and easy to drive as a regular 3 series. Clutch is light and easy in stop and go. In M Mode it is a beast. The difference is night and day. More power than most will need. Putting racing pads on would make it a track ready car out of the box. Only problem, needs a bigger gas tank. Overall, the best car I have ever driven or owned. Amazing trunk space for a coupe! 2 six footers will fit in the back seats comfortably. Great car. Great build quality. No regrets.
Best //M car by far. I love everything about this car. ZTP/2MT is a must options.
For me driving in major snow storms is a given. This vehicle does everything you need it to do and feels rock solid. I drove through a monster storm this morning and to a ski resort last week on poor road conditions. I was never concerned.It tracks the road, is very stable and in the worst storm is balanced and steady. Unlike some larger SUVs I have had, the size and weight distribution on this vehicle provides a feel for the road surface and an ability to get you there. This vehicle is for someone who wants a smaller suv that can get you around in the worst of conditions. And of course, its a BMW so it goes without saying that the interior, the reliability and the extras are fantastic
I have owned my 2008 X3 for 1 year. The ride is great, handling is incredible. Brakes are superior. I have the winter package, it works well. Had a problem with the heating coils in the back seat, they stuck. Dealer did a great job fixing the problem. GPS and radio are cheap at best. Gas mileage average. AWD is great. Overall great car so far.
Driving Hondas for years (owned three and put over 200k miles on each of them). I recently purchased a new BMW X3 in September. Been a BMW motorcyclist for over 25 years. I thought I would try one of their four wheeled models. I have been a bit skeptical about the quality of BMW cars, "they drive great, but more electrical demons than you can imagine" and so on is what I would hear. The X3 drives great, it's a solid handler, great tracking, good road feel. But guess what: at 1243 miles my cd player-radio just decided to quite working, off to the shop it goes. It's a minor issue, but a radio should work on a brand new $43k car!! 
This is my 2nd BMW in 2 years and I love this X3. It is fully loaded (I got a dealer demo so got a great deal) and in the 2 weeks that I have driven it I got 22 MPG. I tried Acura, Infiniti, Volvo and Lexus. No doubt you pay a little more upfront, but once you drive it for a few years its all worth it - thanks to 0 maintenance for 4 years and the overall BMW brand value. When you buy a BMW you don't buy a car - you buy an experience.
I have had the X3 for about 6 months and now has about 10,000 miles. It?s a great SUV. Great handling, good power, controls are easy to use (but a little old fashioned for a 2008). I like the panoramic sunroof though I rarely use it. Gas mileage is fairly decent. There?s not much room in the rear seat for passengers. 
I have had my X3 for 6 months now and find it to be fun and practical. It has been extremely reliable. I have the automatic and most options. I am averaging about 22 mpg. It is very useful for hauling around my dogs and for moving things back and forth to my daughter's college which is about a 4 1/2 drive away. It holds a surprising amount of stuff. The handling with the Sport Activity package is great. It handles better than my last sedan. The navigation calculates (and recalculates) very quickly. The xenon headlights automatically follow curves which is great for the dark streets around my house. The seats and steering wheel heat up very quickly on cold nights. 
I leased this '08 X3 in December of '07. Unfortunately, I regret the decision. The X3 is no doubt an excellent driver for a 4100lb small SUV. By small, I mean the interior is very small and cramped and only after owning this vehicle for some time I now know it has limited utility and horrid resale value. Others such as the Lincoln MKX are cheaper by thousands and more practical in every way. 
This is an update of an original posting. The BMW X3 has HORRIBLE engine and transmission response. The dealer can not remedy it as no more software updates are out from BMW but I do not think any more computer programs will solve the potentially dangerous throttle response; you do not go anywhere at times when merging. The navigation system is awful I had to buy a Magellan unit. The handling is sub-par, think the crappy cheap Pirelli STR part to blame but not up to BMW standards. BMW corporate is impossible to deal with they are of no help at all.
This is our second BMW, we are so disappointed with the quality of construction. The front bumper, a pathetic piece of plastic just buckled and fell when going over a bump. Told by a BMW service agent that this is happening so frequently with the x3 that people are not even bothering to fix the bumper, they just drive around with it hanging. This is unconscionably poor construction, design and quality. There are other issues with the quality of materials used in the construction of this car. This is definitely our last BMW and if it wasn't a lease, I would get rid of it immediately.
I?ve had the auto 4 months, handling is outstanding. Acceleration and braking also outstanding. Interior fit and finish are top quality. I ordered a 6 speed manual, a big part of the fun factor ? the manual transmission is smooth and easy to use, although the position of reverse, to the left and up of first, takes some getting used to. The exterior finish is perfect. Dashboard and radio controls are different than most cars, but after a few weeks, it all makes sense. While super unleaded fuel is recommended, the auto runs fine on regular. My previous car was a Honda Pilot which was a nice solid car, but the X3 brings back the excitement of driving and everything still fits.
It's my first time to own a BMW. I have to say:" WOW!" For a SUV, this one is easy to handle, easy to park, excellent engine, good acceleration and sensitive brake! The gas mileage is not bad at all! Plus the BMW ultimate service package. I'm very happy with it! It's been a week, I have a hard time from getting off the driver's seat. And when I'm out of the car, I couldn't get my eyes off it.
This is my 3rd bmw. I have owned the 323 sedan, 325 coupe and now the X3. the X3 has the most power of the group but does not handle as good as the coupe. This is expected since it is a truck. I put in all the bells and whistles and only option I would not recommend is upgraded stereo. The Harmon Kardon upgrade in the 325 coupe sounded much better than the X3. I do not know if it is b/c the x3 is a truck and is bigger and more open, but not worth the money. I only have 200 miles on the car, gas mileage of the car is 13 miles. Hopefully that will go up as I put more miles on the car. I would highly recommend this truck, loving the view from up high and drives excellent. 
From the moment I first climbed into the cockpit of the X3 till now, it has been a great driving experience. I used to think all the BMW talk was hype. Not any more. Aside from the fact that this is the best handling auto I've ever owned, I am still discovering all the fine features of the X3. Recently, I opened the sunroof. It opens the entire length of both the front and rear seating areas, wow. I play my iPod all the time, and I think the sound system is awesome. The bottom line is the 4 year or 50,000 mile warranty including all service and roadside assistance. Who else has this much faith in their vehicles?
Traded in an 06 X5 3.0i and love the upgraded engine BMW put into the X3 in 07. 800 less lbs to lug around, so it really flies. Got Prem, Sport, 19" wheels, NAV, Cold Wthr, Xenon, Prem Audio, Servotronic. The car rides A-OK with 19" wheels. It's got a taut, responsive yet compliant ride, just what BMWs are known for. Throttle response is lightning quick, but you quickly learn how to modulate it. Putting the car into SD mode *really* amps up the car's responsiveness. Tried out RDX (nice at first glance, but plasticky inside), EX35 (great engine, but even shorter on utility than X3), even the new X5 (too big, hate iDrive), but this was the one I had to have.
This has been a great car so far. No mechanical issues. The BMW engine is smooth and delivers the power when you need it. The suspension works really well too. It provides amazing road feel and yet is able to absorb our Chicago pot holes better than any car I've recently driven. The transmission has been good so far. When immediate passing power is needed I switch from D to SD for a quick burst of speed. 
I was looking for better fuel mileage in a well built SUV with many of the features from my previous vehicle. The X3 has more room than it looks. It is well finished inside and out. I like the engine but the 6 sp auto trans. seems to hold onto gears too long and down shift easily. Mileage is only about 21 in a mostly highway commute. The ride is very firm and it handles well for an SUV. The X3 reminds me of my wife's old 2003 530 in many of the interior operation components. 
Remember, you're buying this car b/c it handles incredibly. Acceleration is great. I experience no hesitation. This car is fun to drive - lots of fun to drive. I get 21 mpg. However, the electronics are horrible. I got the upgraded stereo and wish I hadn't. Sirius costs $900 to install, only available through BMW and it's the worst antenna - continuously drops the signal. The read out is limited to the point of annoying. The radio only has 6 presets. The GPS (yeah I went for that too) is incredibly useless - difficult to use (the manual is awful) why do they allot so much space to longitude, latitude and altitude? It's ridiculous. Did I say it handles incredibly?
Purchased in march. Nice car. Looks are attractive. Features are excellent except navigation system. Navigation system is really bad, Honda has much much better nav system. Fuel avg is around 17-18.
Purchased in Feb. Terrific ride - very comfortable. The oversized sunroof is a real plus. Ordered Premium Package, rear side airbags, mats, heated front seats, metallic color. Nice ride: car performs beautifully. So far, shows I'm only getting 15.6 miles to gallon, although alot of street driving. No hesitation as mentioned in another post. Very powerful and sensitive brakes. This is a feature added as I read it's designed to perform right away. Very roomy although rear has hump in middle seat. The technology over just a few years ago is amazing. Had another customer in car wash actually strike up conversation about how nice the car is.
What an absolute blast this little SUV has been from day one, It still brings a smile to my face every time I get to climb behind the wheel. It sticks to the road like glue, accelerates bullet like away from lights (or as bullet like as you'll get in an SUV) and it's very comfortable. We bought Alpine White with sport package and loaded it up with options. Be prepared for sticker shock - big time !
This is my 2nd X3 in 6 months. I had so many problems with 2007 that BMW bought out my lease and I ordered another one (would not let me totally out of the lease). These are overpriced and not up to par with Japanese vehicles. Problems-- transmission does not mesh with engine, hesitation, brakes grab, OEM tires were AWFUL in snow last few weeks, took them off before slid into something. Navigation system is archaic. Radio even upgraded one just does not provide quality sound. This is definitely not the ultimate driving machine. I would never recommed an X3 to anyone else. I do not know how other reviews are favorable. Guess just taken away with BMW emblems all over the car.
We've owned the car approximately one month and still brings a smile to our face while driving. This is our first BMW and we're very pleased with the build quality and the fit/finish.
Just got our 2008 X3 two weeks ago with all options except servotronic. It's been wonderful so far. We have the alpine white with sports performance package which comes with 19" wheels. This is a must have if you want the best looking X3 out there, it looks so much better than the rest. The color coded aero kit makes this car look even better (no more black bumpers/moldings. It drives like my 540 and it also has the cargo space to haul our weekend gears. We have two kids and my wife can sit between the two car seats for our two our trip last weekend, and she's 5'8", it is almost the same size as our 01 X5, but it is much quicker because it's 800 lbs lighter and it is also fuel efficient
Got my 08 X3 two weeks ago, have all options except servotronic steering, sports performance package is a must, the 19" wheels look so much better than the rest. Alpine white exterior is the best color choice by far. Automatic headlights is cool. It drives like my 540, but with enough cargo to haul our weekend gears. We have two kids and my wife can still sit in the middle between the two car-seats for a two hour drive. It is almost the same size as my 01 X5, only quicker and more fuel efficient.
This is a great car, performance with the sport package is exceptional, amazing suspension system. Only drawback is its size, I wish it was 6 inches shorter, oh well.
Since I bought this I've enjoyed it everyday. It rides as tight as my M did but I like the higher sitting. Great performance & handling. I-Drive is easy to use. I don't get all of the complaints? It's very logical & easy to use common sense. I just read that they are launching an M version with a twin Turbo 4.8 V8 for 555 HP & 500 Torq. I'll wait until year 2 to get the bugs out. I love the 4.8 motor, very quick and a nice growl. Handling, brakes are superb. I've owned 4 other BMW's, Acura RL's, Lexus (dumped this in 6 mon.) and I didn't feel the road. It's for folks who want a 'numb' ride. Expensive to maintain. My only gripe is the gas mileage. Hwy I get 20 with a full load and 14 in city.
Bought brand new, June, 2008. Two months later the motor on the A/C blower failed. Three months after that the fuel pump failed and left me stranded on a busy highway. Six months later the transmission failed while on a family vacation. BMW highway assistance is worthless. You get put on hold for 5-15 minutes (if they answer at all) then are told they can send a tow truck within 1 1/2 hours. Overall a disappointing experience for an expensive vehicle. 
I'll make this blunt. I have had the car over a year now and put 15k miles on it. Overall nice vehicle. Very fast and handles great. Its a BMW and it rides like one. The back up camera is useless at night. Had it in the shop for 3 days to fix it. There is nothing wrong with it, it is junk. Gas mileage is lousy. Run flat tires can not be fixed, at least not by BMW. Get a nail as I did, you're out $280. I agree with one poster who mentioned it does not shift consistently. Sometimes it lurches into gear enough to snap your head back if you stomp on it. Voice controls stink. I had an Acura RL which had a great system (I think it was by Alpine) BMW's will have you yelling at the car. Not intuitive.
Bought X5 a year ago tomorrow and will be taking to dealership again. This time a repeat 4x4 and DSC warning. Last time fault blamed on us leaving a battery powered XM radio plugged into the receptacle inside the armrest storage that caused the battery level to drop?! Today same problem while driving on the highway. Can't wait to hear next excuse. Have taken car in at least 5 times for loud noise when taking out of park. In December Parking Brake would not disengage while 700 miles from home. BMW Assist could not tell us how to manually disengage brake but wanted to drag it onto a flatbed. Dealer told us how. Start-Off Assist jerks back on flat ground!! This is normal? Otherwise great car.
This SUV handles like truck and rides like truck in regular road. I took it to off road recently, I wish I could return it, it was worst riding than 18 wheelers. (1) In 2 months A/C motor had to be replace. (2) Back up light at night is so bad you can not see the curb (try it). (3) You need to continually give gas to go forward, or it will drastically slow down. (4) Now motor sit adjusting on the drive side makes noise. (5) So on, it is just bad SUV.
Great driving. Sun visors are not very useful. Running boards need to have a re design. They are not user friendly. Any rain or snow leaks any time you open doors. Needs a drip rail or something. How did that get through? No trailer receiver available either? Only had one problem with the 3rd row heat not working. Took dealer 5 days to fix. Otherwise very nice. 
Transmission shift points unpredictable, hangs in lower gears sometimes, have to upshift manually. Also, run flat tires are awful. Problem with parking brake locking up will not release by electronic control, had to release by manual method in truck compartment. ROYAL PAIN in the rain this morning. Good luck.
At first the X5 was great to drive until all the problems started. What we did not know about the X5 is that it has a history of electrical problems. BMW has yet to fix them for 2009. If you are unfortunate to have these the dealers will never be able to fix them. Be aware if you have a fatal or any other warning light it will show up in the computer, so you must tend to it right away to avoid liability. As for contacting BMW assist, forget about it if you have a problem on a weekend. Better yet, just have a second car. Less disappointing that way. 
Overall my wife and I love the X5, its classy, rides good, and gets decent mileage. Average 18 mpg in mixed driving, but 40 hp more would help move it better. On the Autobahn the faster you drive the better it runs and it gets the same 17 mpg at 110 as 80 mph! We keep the baby seat in the center, but it lacks the latch anchors so we have to stagger the two side seat anchoring points. Also, my biggest beef with the X5 is the factory running boards. While making it sportier they get in the way getting in/out. My poor wife gets dirty every time she puts the baby seat in. Lastly, the driver's seat always ends up in the wrong spot even w/memory seats, a few flaws that get irritating!
I have been an Acura/Honda owner for the past 7 cars but the MDX was just too ugly so that forced me to look around. I am so delighted I found the X5. It is a monster in the 4.8. Very classy, clean design inside especially. 3rd row seat is a waste. Literally I have not opened it up yet. The tech on the X5 nav etc is about 90% as good as Acura but the MDX ride does not compare. The 4.8 is a race car and races through fuel to be sure. Even with the 4.8, sport package - pretty much loaded it still does not have power lift gate. That is a little lame.
I have had my x5, fully loaded, for less than 3 months. I have had it towed 1x and will be taking it in to the dealer again this week because I can't use my bluetooth or BMW assist. I can hear them but they can't hear me. Additionally, I don't think I have the power I should. My last vehicle was a loaded 530i, I expected the same performance and do not get it. Yes, I realize it is a heavier vehicle, but supposedly adjustments have been made for power. I don't have the confidence to pass when immediate acceleration is required because of potential lag. I want to love my car, this is a purchase not a lease. Given the cost of this vehicle I am kicking myself.
I purchased the X5 3.0 3 weeks ago. I absolutely love this vehicle. I'm not going to lie and say the V6 is a monster, but it is more than adequate. For the difference in price, I got a fully loaded vehicle. The ride is superb, the seats are very comfortable (active driver seat with sport package and ventilated seats). The sound system is awesome (Premium sound). The iDrive is extremely simple to use and very intuitive. The computer is kind of slow to load, but it is a DVD based system. The Navigation system is very good. The rear camera is awful. During the day the resolution is fair, and at night its atrocious; what are you gonna do. That is my biggest gripe.
Love BMWs -- went from a '06 325 and a GMC Acadia (way too many things went wrong) to an X5. Happy so far, although I miss the feeling of "zipping around" that I had in my 325.
We just leased this 2008 X5 a couple of weeks ago and we are so happy with it! My wife had a 2002 X5 a while back and it was her "dream car". This X5 is 10 times the car the previous X5 was! BMW has certainly hit the mark on this X5. Beautiful design and the quality integrity is unmatched. BMW again has reminded me how great of a company they are. It's also very comforting to know that we are basically 100% percent covered with the BMW Maintenance / Service plan. That is such a nice perk! 
This is our 3rd BMW. A Z3, a 3 Series and now an X5. We are definitely sold on the brand. The comfortable ride of the X5 was a pleasant surprise. The sport package makes the look and the drive.
I've owned the new 4.8 V-8 x5 since February. It has a great ride & with the "Sport" option it really gets up and goes. It is very fast for the size of the vehicle. It handles really well & corners without any over steer. Great ride & the engine is silky smooth. I put on most of the options & can't figure out why so many people complain about the iDrive. If you use a computer you can use the iDrive. I don't have to look & it is easy to navigate. There are a lot of options to set to your liking with the iDrive & I think that may be why people complain. Great vehicle. I'll buy a new one every 4 years or so. One last note that there isn't any maintenance dollars out of my pocket. 
Recently purchased a new BMW X5 after test driving Lexus GX, Toyota Highlander and other. BMW by far was the best to drive. The handling is smoothest of any car I have driven and really gives you confidence. The front interior cabin was the largest of all I test drove. The iDrive takes some getting used to but now I love it. I got the 3rd row seat as that is the only model they had thinking it was not a big deal as it would be folded down most of the time, but it also means you have no spare tire and have run-flats. I would suggest negotiating the extended tire warranty in the deal with a third row seat. Gas mileage is ok.
I looked at and test drove MB-350, Q-56, Escalade and found the BMW to ride the best. I am a previous BMW owner (335I) but wanted a SUV this time. The ride is smooth and I had mine custom ordered. Only have had it for a month but so far I am very happy.
After years of traveling to Europe on business and having Mercs and BMWs as rental cars I finally bought one for my daily drive. I absolutely love my X5. I test drove the 4.8 and 3.0 and came to the conclusion the 4.8 was well worth the loss in gas mileage. At 5'7 getting in and out is a bit difficult, the vehicle is exactly the wrong height for me, and the running boards get in the way more than they help. The power and performance is fantastic, this vehicle corners better than my Acura TL. The throttle response can be a little quirky at times. Having the CD changer in the glove box takes up room and is a clunky location. The plastic on the fold down tail gate scratches too easily.
Replaced our LR3 with a 2008 X5 3.0si. Test drove Acura MDX, Mercedes GL and R classes, Mazda CX9, Toyota Highlander and Audi Q7 before making our purchase decision. 3.0 engine has more than sufficient power. It is actually quicker than my 2002 325i. 
This is my first BMW and I'm loving every inch of it, from the exterior to the interior. I can't say enough when it comes to its quality, I would say BMW engineers really did a good job. But the gas mileage is just too much for a V6. Other than that, this car is awesome. Maybe next time I will get the 4.8i version and see the power difference.
I really enjoy this vehicle and find the control and handle is excellent. Driving in bad weather either snow or heavy rain doesn't worry me anymore because the vehicle really hugs the road. As a woman I find it has been worry free and have enjoyed driving the X5. It is the ultimate driving machine.
I just got a BMW X5 3.0 and I can't say enough good things about it. My lease on a 2007 Mercedes GL is about to expire. I can't believe that for almost $20,000 less, BMW offers so much more! The biggest difference for our family is that the 3rd row is more accessible in the BMW. We have car seats installed on both sides in the 2nd row and the 3rd row in the GL was difficult to access. In the BMW, the entire seat can be lifted (even though the car seat is installed) to access the 3rd row. 
I have owned many American and Foreign SUVs in the past, but the BMW X5 far surpasses my expectations with comfort, technology, gas economy and just plain fun to drive!
I recently upgraded to a X5 4.8 with Sport Package from an 2005 Touareg V8 with the air suspension. The X5 is so flat and stable in corners, even at high speeds its unbelievable. The dash layout is nice, but the VW's MFI/gauge display shames the BMW. The iDrive system is nice, but lack of touch screen entry is SORELY missing and the navigation interface leaves a lot to be desired when I compare it with my wife's Buick Enclave which is simpler to use, more elegantly designed, and is so much more functional. The real time traffic data is nice. The 3rd row space is a waste, I'd rather see more legroom in the second row. The comfort seats are great and don't forget - it's fun to drive!
I've owned a number of BMWs including two M series & they have been a joy to own. The X5 is big enough to load up & take to the beach & comfortable at highway speeds. It is a truly a joy to drive. I unfortunately only drive 3 miles to & from work so we make it a point to drive to the coast on the weekends. It handles incredibly with go-cart like feel in a 4000lb + vehicle. I highly recommend. My only slightly negative is the gas mileage in the city which is 15 mpg vs 20+ on the highway loaded with people. I have had no problems what so ever since owning.
This is a great automobile. The SUV that handles like a sports car. This is my first BMW and I am a customer for life. The handling and performance are great. Love the technology, iDrive, sound system, navigation and active suspension are all great. It is amazing that a car this size has no body roll. My E63amg has the power but this is even more fun to drive and its technology buries Mercedes. I thought I was going to buy a Range Rover sport but after driving the X5 there was no comparison. I love this car.
This is my first BMW. I just broke the 1k break-in period. If you expected a race car-like feel for X5, you will be disappointed. The V6 3.0si is clearly not a M3. Maybe the 4.8 will be better. I picked 3.0 for the slightly better gas mileage. Overall, this is an excellent SUV. Drives better than my Mercedes E320. The transmission picks up swiftly and smoothly. Great brakes. The new space gray color matches well with the style. I don't have the active steering so my wife complains about the heavy steering in parking lots. The worst thing is battery. Since they loaded so many things on the car which consume power, the battery wouldn't last long if you don't drive it for a while.
This SUV handles the road best, compared to all the SUVs I have ever driven. Remarkable attention to detail, best looking interior immediately caught my attention. When I test drove, its handle on road made me feel like I am driving my convertible. Front and rear heated car seats, USB interface-play music from your flash drive or iPhone/iPod, panoramic moon-roof, just amazing. Comfort Access-never take out your car key from your pocket, I didn?t know I would love it so much. . Real time traffic info and rerouting feature from navigation is just amazing. 
Much smoother than the 2006 Cayenne S I had. Definitely more technologically advanced. Owned for about 2 weeks now, and waiting to break-in to about 1k miles, then I'll drive more like a speed demon. 
This is my first BMW. I have driven 3,000 miles since purchase and have been impressed by build quality and technology. I was drawn to the X5 by its looks, both external and internal, and BMW Ultimate Service. I opted for 3.0 over 4.8 due to significant addtional cost of the V8 and a little better fuel economy. I also own a Mercedes GL450 which I prefer over the X5 if you really need or want a V8 SUV with a useable 3rd row for kids or for towing. 
Switched from my '06 750i to a loaded '08 4.8 X5 primarily to carry more loads (dogs and stuff) to our second home. We now have 2 4.8 X5s - an '07 and '08, both loaded. Great performance, not as smooth as the 750, a bit more choppy but still great for a long journey. Engine noise more noticeable, but this is an SUV and not a sedan. The big tires on the performance package have plenty of grip, huge cross section, work well in the rain (unlike the MB GL550), although there's some tire noise. We switch to snow tires in the winter and the noise disappears. Interior and equipment are great, driver sits higher than the 750 but the car is just as chuckable, with no body roll. 
This is a great family vehicle. It has the get up and go that you would expect from a sports car, the luxury you would expect from a Lexus and the utility you would expect from a small truck. All in all it is just a great vehicle. 
This is my 3rd x5. The other 2 had the 4.4 engine and this has the 4.8. I love this truck. We also have the BMW 645 convertable. My husband and I like the x5 better. It is fast, handles like a sports car, never been in the shop for any repairs. It is alot of fun to drive. It has all the bells and whistles and is great on long trips. very comfortable for everyone. I even like the looks. I plan on getting another one when the lease is over or maybe I'll get the x 6. I recomend it to everyone. It sucks gas like most SUVs. 
I have owned many makes and models of european cars and this SUV got me to switch from sedan owner to SUV owner. The 8 cylinder is a blast to drive and has a very solid feel. The iDrive is very easy to use and fairy intuitive. If you can afford the extra $$$ buy the 4.8 you will not regret it. 
This is my second X5. I absolutely love the way this car handles on the road. It is definitely a fun vehicle to drive, however, I've had numerous issues with the electronics in the 2007 model which I did not experience in the 2004 X5. 
I seriously love this car. I traded in my QX56 because I was tired of how big and bulky it was and I was tired of not being able to see around the vehicle while driving. I was looking at larger vehicles and drove the BMW on a whim. I am so glad. We ended up ordering one loaded up. If you need the utility of a sport utility but you miss driving a sporty car, this is the vehicle for you. And I drove many, many vehicles. The only vehicle that compared was the Mercedes GL550, and it didn't have every feature I wanted and I felt like an old lady in it.
Bought one couple of days ago. It's fun to drive and but definitely some minor reliability issue . The electronic glove compartment has a mind of its own. It just wont open and other time works fine! I had to take it back to dealorship to fix left turn signal light . According to the mechanic, left tail light bulb was loose... huh! 50K BMW?? Other then that, beautiful looking car. I prefer it over any other competitor. Engine is smooth and powerful. Love driving it. 
The X5 is an exceptional SUV. We looked at the Acura MDX and you can't really compare the two. If you can afford the additional $15k, go for the X5. We have had it for three months and it has functioned flawlessly. The drive is awesome and the finish in incredible.
I love this car. It's a great car to drive. Not cheap, but, well worth it if you can afford it. It has some issues with "reliability" - little things get messed up - mostly with the electronics. But, it's fast, responsive and so not a mini-van. The 3.0 is not enough engine for such a heavy car, you have to get the 4.8 and you will be a very happy person. 
Start with my X5 has only 3500 miles in it, at 2000 miles engine light came, per mechanic something wrong with catalytic converter, failed fan just recently while traveling in freeway a small rock or pebble hit my front panel creating a quarter sized hole, side panel just behind headlight is made with composite or some kind of plastic.
This X5 3.0 is simply the best handling SUV among all the ones I have owned and test-driven. I picked 3.0 over 4.8 because (a) to save $8-9K, (b) 3.0 engine felt smoother in lower gears and is adequate for our purpose, and (c) for a SUV, handling is more important than performance; we'll save the performance for our sedan. 
My 3rd X5 and def the best one yet - have the 4.8 sport, comfort ventilated seats (super comfortable++), upgraded stereo and love it - test drove Cayenne S and Range Rover Sport. Liked them both but they felt smaller inside than my old X5, interior technology packages and the interior of the X5 is much nicer IMO. I was happy with the old x5s but i felt it was time for a change but at the end of the day, the 2 best competitors underwhelmed me. Great driving, handling and comfortable car - can't imagine any other SUV driving better - drives enough like a sports sedan to make me happy and still have plenty of utility. it demands to get pushed and rewards accordingly
I love the redesign. I had a 2005 4.4 and there are clear improvements to the 2007/8 model. Performance is improved with the 4.8, but the handling and feel of the road is terrific.
This is the first BMW we've owned. Have had many SUVs prior. This is a keeper. It was supposed to be my car but my wife keeps using it. Great car. Local driving gets 14 MPG but it gets 23 on the longer trips. We love it.
I haven't even had the vehicle a week and this is our first BMW. I wouldn't have considered BMW but my wife really wanted to check them out. After taking it around the block I was hooked, I was impressed by the attention to detail and the feel of the vehicle. I am sure there will be more Bimmers in the garage. 
While the X5 at first seems a little pricey it's standard features make the price much easier to swallow. Xenon headlights, normally about $800 on some BMWs are standard as is a 205 watt sound system with 12 speakers including 2 sub-woofers. Also standard is an alarm system that cost as much as $500 on an X3. Add the fact that all X5s come with BMW's great ZF (German made) automatic transmission rather than the GM6 (French made) transmission found in the X3 and you've pretty much talked yourself into paying a little more. I'll admit that the mileage won't be quite as good as the X3 but the ride is wonderful with only a little roughness noted over the most bumpy of roads.
We test drove the 3.5 and loved the styling. The car handled and had acceptable acceleration but felt heavy. When looking at the weight, I knew that having the 5.0 engine would make all the difference in the world. Well when I went down to test drive it? words can?t describe it. Many people say ?I don?t get it?? I can tell you, get behind the wheel and you ?Will Get It!?. I know it?s not for everyone and honestly, that was a whole level beyond why I wanted it. In the three months I?ve had it, I?ve only seen 3 on the road. I can?t count the FX, ML?s, RX?s, and Cayenne?s. There is a sense of exclusivity that comes with owning one. If you don?t like attention, don?t by an X6. 
Got every available option on my X6, and I am loving it! Don't confuse this car with an SUV; it is a Sports Activity Coupe with room for any foursome (golf, tennis, skiing, or dating)and all the accompanying equipment (clubs, rackets, skis, and luggage). My grandson can even watch movies in the back seat! Just got mine back from BMW Collision after rear ending a Cadillac sedan. Awesome collision safety behavior from the car with only frontal damage while the Cadillac regretfully was demolished. The repair by BMW looks amazing!
Having owned the Range Rover Supersport supercharged and Audi q7, I can say that this car exceeds all of these on every front for driving pleasure and fun without giving ground, except for serious off roading. The twin turbo is very responsive and returns good mileage. Handling is incredible for a car of this type. Space is very good at 6'4" no problem in finding a very comfortable seating position, even the back seats are good for a 6' person. Overall very solid just what you expect. 
A great look and glad we bought instead of Infiniti FX35, which is likely a good car. Outside lines turn heads, interior is comfortable. Can go to the snow. Hwy mileage is 22+, around town is low 15. Very fast for 6 cyl. Very solid. We own 06 Denali, so don't expect it to tow, haul huge loads, etc. We are new empty nesters and this car fits our needs very well and better for us than X 5. Rear view has not been a problem for us. took couple in back seats and they said they were comfortable. Great car!
Sure, it gets attention, but I wish more attention had been given to practical design. It's nearly impossible to see out of the rear window making reverse a dangerous exercise. The rear view camera display states to "never rely solely on camera" when that's exactly what the driver must do. Side vision is also hampered by the steep drop off of the front fenders--the driver can't tell see the outboard edge of the car. The liftgate has two opening heights, but getting past the low one is fiddly at best, making loading anything back there a long reach into a shallow slit opening. Super- expensive tires. People will look at you, alright, but I'd rather the car be more user friendly.
This is my 3rd BMW, but my first new BMW and will not be my last. I have never been in a vehicle that has turned more heads and make even other luxury car owners smile and give me the "Big Thumbs Up!" The Interior is nice and roomy, the controls are logically laid out, and the car is just a dream to drive.
Gotta say, I was thinking of an AWD vehicle after living in Illinois and having a 550i that was fun to drive in the summer, but in Chicago winters a bear to control. I was in the market for AWD w/o the boxy look. I walked into the showroom and they were unloading it from the semi-trailer. I fell in love with the shape and the wide stance. I can also say it chews up the curves and has been a definite attention getter. To becoming almost an annoyance. I feel like a rock star when I'm behind the wheel. The ride height is perfect and the handling is superb. Needs a little more pep in the 6 cylinder. 
BMW's first SUV that drives like a sports car. Despite the sacrifice of the utility aspect, the SAV is a heavy, well build automobile with sufficient twin turbo engine, and impressive handling, performance and spacious comfort for four. There are numerous high-tech gadgets and functions in the car to entertain you and make you feel real good. The drawbacks: no utility/no space, gas-guzzler even for the V6, pricey when equipped fully, the navigation dvd processor is too noisy, and finally the design attracts too much attention. If you can afford one go for it. I'm enjoying mine.
I was in error when I submitted my original review. The X6 does have the TPM standard, I just was not used to the IDrive and the TPM function is "greyed out" (not accessible) when the car is off. I was playing with all the settings without the car running so that's why it did not show up. I did have a computer glitch, warning me that the AWD and DSC, DBS and startoff assist had malfunctioned. Problem was a $20 brake relay swith that was sending a wrong signal. Dealership fixed it and everthing has been fine since. Still love the car and a definite head turner!
I have had 3 X5s and used to drive sports cars prior to that. As much as I loved the X5, I still missed the "coupe" look and feel. And then the X6 came along. Exactly what I wanted. I still cannot wipe that smile off my face every time I look at it or get behind the wheel. What a car, the engine is fantastic, the handling superb and I just can't rave enough about the outside look. I have not been this excited about a car since my 1993 Acura Legend coupe with 6 speed manual transmission. I ordered mine to have exactly what I wanted and the 3 weeks it took before I got the car seemed like and eternity!
Very happy with the X6 after almost 2 months. I love the handling with the sport package; much improved over my 2007 X5 4.4i. No reliability problems yet. Definitely a head turner and I enjoy the convenience of an SUV without the boxy SUV reputation. The turbo six performs as well as the V-8 in the 4.8i X5, but gets significantly better gas mileage. I didn't want to wait a few months for availability of the turbo V-8, but at current gas prices, the turbo six is an adequate choice. You just have to push it a little harder.
I just trade in the 2006 530Xi wagon, love this vehicle, fun to drive, have the SUV high command feeling, but with good road performance. Now I hate my 07 Escalade.
I have an X5 and quite happy with it. I took a test drive of X6-35i and was very impressed with its handling of curves, uphill pickup and the interior. It is a pricy toy! Question is less room than X5 but more fun. 
We bought our Enclave a little over two weeks ago. We are very satisfied with our purchase. The vehice interior is very luxury. The outside vehicle design is very appealling.
Great car on the highway. Very quiet. The driving around town in moderate traffic can cause frustration with the lack of response when the gas peddle is depressed while traveling at speeds in the 25-35 mph range. Sometimes depending on the gear you are in you may not get much of a response initially unless you really press hard. Sometimes it will downshift and the rpms can shoot to over 5000 when all you wanted to do was go around a slightly slower car. Can be difficult at times.
Great car. We have had the car for 18 months now and have been very satisfied with everything except the rear visibility. Unfortunately the blind spot to the rear on both the passenger and drivers side make it a little nerve racking to drive in traffic. The DVD monitor also blocks the Rearview mirror
My wife and I find this to be a very good car. It is roomy, comfortable, and classy-looking. I can't understand why certain consumer magazines don't give this a thumbs up. I liked the fact that someone from the GM shop floor rang me to see how I liked it. This is a great American car - we're proud to have it. 
Waited until we had owned for a year before writing a review. Our Enclave is the nicest vehicle I've ever owned. My first American car ('75 Chevy Monte Carlo) was also my last because it was junk. Bought my first import new ('87 Honda Accord), have disparaged American cars since. Then I had the Enclave Experience. What a great American car! I was actually proud to be able to buy and recommend an American car. We use it primarily for long trips, and have spent 10 hours on the road in absolute comfort. We have small kids and the entertainment system (Bose, w/satellite and DVD) keeps everyone happy. Six adults fit easily. It's beautiful, and even strangers complement it. Get one.
I have 25000 miles on my enclave and haven't had any major issues with my vehicle. On the highway at 50-55 mph I have easily gotten 30 mpg or better with the cruise on. At 60-65 mph with the cruise on I get about 29 mph. The on-star service eliminates my need for a navigation unit. I fill my tank every 9 days. The sunroof problem was easily fixed in one visit and I have had no more leaks. It turned heads the same day I purchased it and folk continue to drive up beside me and ask about it along with expressing how much they want one. Stick with the routine maintenance and chances are your buick will be on the road for a long time.
Took awhile to get used to the six speed transmission but I now love the car. We have taken two long trips (12000 miles)and fell in love with the car. Very quiet compared to the GMC and Saturn versions just great to drive on the freeway at high speeds...sticks to the road and very smooth..better than any Cadillac I ever owned
This vehicle is quite comfortable to drive and that is where my satisfaction ends. It has been back to the dealership many times for numerous problems.As of tonight you can't even shut the car off. We are driving a loaner. Had to get the jack out of the car and you need an engineering degree to do that. Would never want to have to use it along the road. Degree sensor problems, navigation problems transmission not shifting properly. If this is the kind of quality that you get for a vehicle this expensive it is no wonder General Motors is in the position they are. This is my last G.M. I guess it's Ford of Toyota from here on out
The Enclave is a great vehicle but a few things Buick needs to change: 1. Rain gutter over the doors - in rain or after an open door leads to the seat below getting soaked with the runoff from the roof. 2. If you open the rear seat windows while the front windows are up, the vibration is incredible - the car shakes badly, this is a problem! 3. Put the outside temperature gauge on the mirror with the compass. The passenger, my wife, cannot see the temp in the dash cluster and I'm tired of having to tell her what the temperature outside is every 30 miles...
We purchased the model with 2nd row bench seat so we could put the childs car seat in the middle. The middle compartment does move, but she can still kick the audio dials facing the 2nd row. The outside rear view mirrors block when turning left or right for someone that is short. The GPS system leaves a lot to be desired. We have a Garmin portable in the other vehicle and it does a lot better job. On sunny days, rear navigation system cannot be seen. Wish it had better gas mileage.
I have only had the Enclave for a few days but love driving it. I get many stares from people and people can't believe it's a Buick once they see it and look inside. Very roomy and great looking from every angle. Looked at Mazda CX9 and Volvo XC90...the Buick puts both to shame. It is roomier than both and although fully loaded doesn't have all the Mazda has to offer, and the Mazda was a lot cheaper to lease, I don't regret my decision to go with the Buick over the Mazda. The steerable headlights are great at night...and, unlike the Mazda, you aren't forced to choose between a rear seat DVD and a sunroof...the Buick has two roofs...Congrats GM on finally getting it right!Former Audi owner
So after much consideration between all the lambda options, we kept coming back to the Buick Enclave CXL. The Saturn was nice but we kept thinking the resale was going to be the lowest of all three. The GMC was great, but no perferated seats (we live in NC and leather and sun don't mix well!)and no cocoa interior. So, we settled on the Enclave. And are very happy we did! Everywhere we go people want to look inside and are blown away at how large it is in interior volume. When I tell them it is the same as a Tahoe or Yukon, they are amazed. This really is a minivan inside and sport utility outside. 
I traded my 2003 Lexus GX470 for the Enclave. I questioned my decision so many times but in the end decided to go with the Buick. Yes a Lexus for a Buick. I think I was just ready for a change and from the first time I saw the Enclave I knew I liked it. For one it drives as nice as the Lexus and feels more like driving a car (which I also traded-Honda Accord)on the Enclave. Yes two perfectly good vehicles for one. So far I like the Enclave. I too have noticed it hesitates trying to get up to speed but once you do it's fine. Gas mileage is 14-22. Maybe it will get better. I hope, at least driving around town. All in all I'm happy with my trade. I love the look of the it. Very sharp.
Traded my BMW 3-series for this car. With a Lexus and a Bimmer, never thought I'd get a Buick, but couldn't find anything we liked better after looking at the Audi Q7, BMW X5, Lexus GX. None of those had as much 3rd row back seat room or ease of access as the Enclave. And this comes with nearly the same bells and whistles. Yes, a few parts appear cheap, but the quality and elegance of the rest of the interior far outpowers them. Cabin feels like flying first class in a plane. 5.1 Bose surround sounds amazing. Wish it had automatic self- closing driver/passenger doors, they're german car heavy! Handling suprisingly sporty, rides smooth & quiet. This is the car that will save Buick.
We have about 6,000 miles on this great, great car. It is fun to drive, has exceptional room, is really comfortable, and everyone else loves it too. The interior has absolutely no cheap look or feel. So what if there is fake wood trim. I would rather have that than have to worry about keeping the finish on real wood. The transmission has been no problem at all. It is very smooth, and the car is powerful enough to easily accelerate to highway speeds when merging with traffic. I looked at the MDX, and the Mazda whatever it is numbered. They don't even come close to the value in this vehicle. 
Oldsmobiles and Buicks park avenues have always upstood the times with me. Do not rotate my cars but drive the life out of them. Never owned a SUV until now. Love it. Went to the dealership to see pricing of the Lucerne and was shown the Enclave. Although I am single, after test driving, I knew it was for me. Handles like a car while also wowing my clients. From the stylish exterior to the classy interior, I have enjoy the comfort of driving this since November 2007. I am very pleased with my selection. Gas mileage is improving as I break it in. I get about 22 miles to the gallon on the road. I have driven approx. 8000 miles. I would highly recommend this vehicle. 
Buick has hit a home run with this vehicle. It is smooth, exceptionally quiet, roomy, comfortable, great for trips, performs well, a pleasure to drive, very stable, no quality flaws, nicely equipped, well thought out interior/exterior design, and finally a great value. 
Really enjoying this Enclave. It's fun to drive. A lot of room and it's an eye catcher. The only problem we had so far is the remote starter. It only good for about 200 feet.
After deciding we needed a more economical car to take the family and four dogs to our weekend place about 150 miles from home, we started looking at SUV's, CUV's, etc. I used to drive Mercedes wagons, and I was drawn back to them, but the middle row leg room is too short for our tall, adult-sized children, and the other Mercedes that did "fit" us (the R class) could not haul a trailer that we sometimes use. Enter, the Enclave! I took delivery on a CXL this week, and so far, I am very impressed! I've only gassed up once, but it got well over 20 mpg in mixed driving. The ride is comfortable, and I like the solid feel to the doors when you shut them --- very unlike a Honda!
Ordered the Enclave in December and received in late February. Nice suv crossover. Heavy car that rides reasonable nice and very quite. I'm looking forward to future editions already to improve on some of the deficiencies that many have already described. Overall I'm very pleased with this first time purchase of a Buick. I previously owned several GM TrailBlazers and S10 Blazers. This vehicle is big inside and out. The cockpit feel is true and I flew a plane and can attest to the similar look and feel of the Cessna. Lots of forward glass with a clear unobstructed view. Back window view is very small, but not a big deal. I ordered without the overhead retractable window. Overall nice vehicle
I purchased the Enclave 3000 miles ago...less than a month and I was generally impressed with the vehicle until I drove it under various situations. In a nutshell, any wonderful features I enjoyed have been eclipsed by the incredibly terrible transmission. It is just not a pleasure to drive in the hills of western PA. This transmission does not know how to handle them. I'm taking it in this Monday for service, Buick tells me there is a recall for "Transmission Calibration" my suggestion for anyone interested is waitil the bugs are cleared up on this vehicles transmission. It will negate all the beautiful and comfortable features this vehicle has and ruin the driving experience.
Loved this car. Great interior, good build, quiet. God interior material, good controls. However, there is a problem with the transmission. Had to be reprogramed after a month because shift points were way off. Had to drop the trans ro replace control module at 10k miles, leaked out all trans fluid after the replacement and is now back in the shop for a week to replace same part and they can not get all of the seals necessary to finish. Wife is furious and wants do dump it now. Why can GM not get it all together. Finally got a winner and screwed it up.
Goodbye Honda Pilot - work horse. Hello Enclave - luxmobile ! Everyday enjoy it more and more. Spacious, very quiet, smooth ride, handles very nicely, and has lots of admirers - strangers just stopping to take a look or ask about it. Loving it.
The Enclave is without a doubt the best crossover on the market. Styling is second to none. The fit and finish is excellent. The car rides so smooth and is extremely quiet inside. Third row seats work great. This is a great alternative to the minivan. Safety features are great for a family vehicle. An overall quality Auto. Best car I ever owned.
We just purchased our vehicle on the 19th of February, 2008. We love the way it looks, and the way the interior makes you feel comfortable. We traded in our 2005 Tahoe for the Enclave, and love how it is easier to load the little ones, the only difference is when you are wanting to get up to speed it seems to hessitate, I guess I was just used to the V8, but enjoy not spending $80 in gas every week. 
I love love love the Enclave. Mine is the CXL fully loaded. Black with cashmere interior. Other people sure do a lot of staring. It is just beyond classy. My first experience from November to February was frustrating because the engine light kept coming on. As of yesterday Feb.22nd problem has been resolved. I'm a first time buyer with GM and consider it a great move. 
Toyota and Honda are not the best in this market. I looked at the Lexus and the Accura and they did not provide the same number of benefits to justify their added costs. I really like the styling of the Buick much better than it's competitors. As far as the power is concerned. It is more than enough. It is a crossover vehicle not a sprint car. If you hate minivans, but want enough room for your family with all the modern creature comforts like xenon lights, nav, 2 dvds, xm leather, 2 sunroofs, in a really solid vehicle. I feel the Buick is the best choice. I am only 40 something, I didn't think I would ever own a Buick. Friends, neighbors can't believe how nice this car is!
I've had my Enclave a little over a month now and I love it! I spent six months testing different makes of suvs and crossovers and the Enclave is in a class of it's own! It was love at first sight! Such a smooth and quiet ride and the interior is so spacious and elegant! The exterior is unique and hands down the best looking crossover on the road today! I have to say that Buick has outdone themselves! 
This is my first GM product since 1989. I actually read about the Saturn Outlook first, but fell for the Enclave the minute I test drove it. It is very roomy inside, but doesn't feel like a moose to maneuver around town.
We bought our Gold Mist CXL about a month ago (this is the third Enclave in our neighborhood) and my wife and kids love it! The ride quality and quietness of the vehicle is far superior than our Sienna we traded in. Had an ice storm last night and my wife made it home without any problems and we only have FWD. We love the backup camera and park assist which is great considering the small window in the back. Overall, this is an excellent vehicle that meets our luxury requirements with interior room similiar to a minivan. Only negative is the "less than ideal" gas mileage - we are getting 14 MPG city. 
I love my Enclave! It rides so smooth, handling great in the snow. I was hopeing for a little better gas milage, averages 16/17, 20max on highway. The interior is sharp w/wood grain and leather seats. I did get the DVD/Nav combo and use the Navigation daily w/my job. This vehicle is very roomy, I have space in the back to store items and also seating for 7. Do wish the 2nd row of seats could be adjusted front and back to give the back seat passangers more leg room if needed. 
Looks good and feels good. The bells and whistles could be better quality. Not enough power. Transmission seems to have problems finding gears. My check engine light has come on 3 times. Most frustrating is the car leaks when it rains! the car is now rusting inside from it. the car has been in for service 3 times and they still have not fixed it right.
This car is very quiet. It's like stepping into a bank vault. Several people have stopped us and asked what the vehicle is. They like the chrome. I particularly like the remote start feature and the power lift gate. Mileage has disappointed so far, but isn't a major drawback. The shifting is not noticeable at all. This is an incredible car. It's nice to see it being driven by young adults. It certainly is an affordable alternative to higher priced suburbans or other traditional suv's.
I bought this vehicle 2 months ago and l. With 3 boys and all their friends, it has enough room for eveyone. It is sporty yet elegant. You get noticed in this car. I have yet to see another one. It handles great and for a 6cyl, it has the power. I wanted to purchase the 2nd row console, but nobody can tell me when it will be available. This car is very comfortable and quiet. I shopped around for months before I found something I love. My kids love the DVD player. My husband loves the telescopic steering wheel. I would recommend this car to anyone. I have a hard time seeing at night, the headlights light up everything. 
Excellent vehicle, fun to drive. Good acceleration for a crossover. Quiet smooth ride. Plenty of extra features, XM, backup camera, etc.
This is my second GM car in the past 5 years, 20 previous were imports. I traded the first one for this Enclave after two transmissions over 65000 miles and like a fool bought another one! I have a loaded White Diamond and it is now in the shop for the 4th time in 6 weeks with same problem, the emission light continues to come on. Needless to say, the performance suffers immensely when this occurs. They have yet to figure out what is wrong. Sensors have been replaced, not sure what they are doing at this point. Can you say "lemon law". The car really is a nice car, when it is not in the shop! Perhaps I am just not meant to own an American made automobile. I have learned my lesson.
I have owned several vehicles over the years that were regular sedans. However, I needed an SUV so I tried the GMC Envoy and GMC Yukon. Both were okay, but I wanted the luxury I was use to. I test drove a Lincoln Navigator and Lexus RX. Then I drove the Buick Enclave and I was sold. I never considered a Buick. I suppose because it they were, as the old saying goes, your fathers car. However, Buick has distanced itself from that saying with the Enclave. The cars that I have owned were simply transportation to me. I did not consider them fun to drive. There have only been two cars that I really enjoyed driving. They were a Lexus LS and Lincoln Town Car. However, now I can add the Buick Enclave
I have owned my new '08 Buick Enclave, CXL AWD, less than a week and so far I love it. I live in a rural community and everywhere I go is a trip (an hour to the nearest Wal-Mart)and the comfort of the Enclave is wonderful. It has a quite smooth stable ride and is easy to handle. For me, all the controls are easy to use and within my reach. 
My wife and I are both very picky when it comes to cars and we usually only stick with imports that have high reliability ratings. A little over two years ago, we wouldn't have even considered Buick (or any GM for that matter) when we wanted to look for a new SUV, but when I saw the Enclave revealed at the Detroit Auto Show back in 06, I immediately liked it's styling. My biggest complaint with U.S. auto makers over the last 20 years or so is primarily not build quality (although it has been relatively poor), but design. The Enclave's design is what did it for me. We absolutely love the Enclave. I don?t regret it for one second.
My driving style is moderate. My car is fully loaded, the only options I did not get were the rear entertainment system and upgraded wheels. 4000 miles in the first month. MPG (calculated, not from the trip computer) around town 20, Trips as high as 26.5 but usually 22. This is a nice quiet solid car. The seat is comfortable on long trips. There is little wind and road noise. The all wheel drive is great in both snow and ice. The air conditioning is very good. The car gets many compliments on its styling.
This Enclave is the 27th vehicle I have owned, the great majority being GM brands. I had about given up on GM for my next vehicle until I saw the Enclave at the Phoenix Auto Show. I purchased one two weeks later and love it. The quality is exceptional and the styling and performance leave nothing to be desired. 
I'm very excited the Buick Enclave I purchased has been the hit of our neighborhood. Everyone likes the design of the exterior and interior as much as I do. I love almost everything about the car with the exception of the following things. Why arn't heated seats in the rear available? They are in some of the other SUV's that GM makes, but on this car they are missing. I wanted all options, but when the car arrived it didn't have the luggage rack cross bars I bought and paid for. The running boards were also paid for and the dealer can't tell me when the delivery date might be. The sales information states the the rear headphones come with option 3, but I now find out that isn't true. 
I bought mine on New Years Eve. Looked all over for the Red Jewel one. Went to a dealer the day before and they sold the one I wanted an hour before I got there. Managed to locate one the next day and bought it. I love it. I've always been a Honda buyer so this is my first American car for a while. This is definitely my red jewel. It's gorgeous, and fun to drive and so very smooth. Plus the family love all the options we got with the DVD play XM radio etc. 
My wife is a die hard Lexus RX 330 fan, but fell in love with the Buick Enclave. It's roomy, beautiful,and loaded with all the features anyone could want and you don't need to take out a mortgage to own it! My neighbor commented that the interior is just like a cockpit of a small jet (and he didn't read the promotional add!). For performance, styling and handling,this car is at the head of its class. I love it.
This car is hands down the classiest looking large crossover/suv on the market. Fully loaded with the 7 passenger seating this car is nicer than a Mercedes GL or R Class. I never thought I'd buy a Buick, but after istting in this car and test driving it, we knew we had found a winner. GM's 100K mile warranty makes ownership hassle free. Other reviewers have mentioned it, the car would benefit from more power, but then again, gas isn't going back to $2/gallon anytime soon, and for around town there's plenty of power. How many people are going to drag race with this car anyway. Second row bucket seats make 3rd row access easier, and really make this a hands down winner it its class! 
It is extremely quiet. You will get many on-lookers. This is a great vehicle and I would recomend it highly. Small issue, could get better gas mileage
We have had the Buick Enclave for about six months and we absolutely love it! Everything is great about it, the drive, ride, sound, gas mileage, and soo much more. This is an excellent car for family but has the luxury of a top car!
This vehicle is outstanding - and my other car is a Honda. The exterior styling is great. The interior detail is top notch. The ride is incredibly smooth and very quiet at high speeds. Great vehicle for a night out or a family trip. Very luxurious and good material and build quality. This is the best vehicle I have ever driven.
We absolutely love our new Enclave. Frankly, we were hesitant about purchasing a Buick, but when comparing the Enclave to the other vehicles we were considering, the Enclave won out each time. The comfort, space, ride, look and feel of the vehicle reinforce our decision every day.
Fun to drive. Roomy,comfy, full of nice surprises. Easy entrance, exit. Lots of leg, head, shoulder room in all 3 rows. Quietest ride I've ever had in a car. Actual fuel mileage so far is 18+ mpg in city driving. Love it!
This is a first class luxury vehicle in everyway you can think off. The driver information center is easy to view. The power liftgate is a plus. The Buick accessories help to make this a world class looking vehicle,and at a reasonable price. The ride is exceptional. The transmission shifts often with city driving, but it is smooth. This, I think helps with fuel. 
We also looked at MDX, CX-9 and Veracruz. Nothing compares to Enclave. We were attracted to the stylish exterior initially but we were surprised to see how good the build quality was. This is the best bargain in the market if you are looking to get a quality SUV/CUV. We have the White Diamond which they no longer produce. Worth a 12 weeks wait.
Beyond a doubt this is the nicest vehicle I have ever owned.I drove it from Rochester NY to Florida and enjoyed it very much. It has met all my expectations
This car is so roomy and comfortable.My 6'4" nephew has plenty leg and headroom in the third row seating! The design is sleek and beautiful.We have the Cocoa metallic color. The car gets head turning stares and lots of comments from other drivers. We have driven in the mountains and it has great pickup on long climbs. Absolutely love the ability to manually shift from 1st to 6th gears. Fold down seats make lots of cargo space. Remote opening of the lift gate helps when you have large loads. It is so quiet thanks to Thinsulate insulation. The mirrors are large,easily adjustable. 12 cup holders means no spills. Numerous airbags make me feel safer,esp with kids in tow. We love the sound system. Great car!
This is the best vehicle we have ever owned, or driven. It is exceptionally comfortable, and a joy to ride in. The quietest vehicle in my experience of 50 years of driving. Some pseudo sophisticates gripe about the fake wood. Of course it is fake, but it is beautiful and adds to the excellent interior design. Get over yourselves. A friend, and MDX owner, is green with jealousy.
Buick has really nailed it with the Enclave CXL AWD. The Enclave CXL exceeds comparisons to any simliar luxury class vehicle. At first look your eyes can't help but notice the attractive styling looks of the exterior. Buick is on track with one of the finest SUv's ever built by GM's so called "Mom and Dad's" Buick vehicle line. The luxurious leather and wood grained interior, Bose sound system and extremely quiet ride is worthy of a world class luxury automobile costing tens of thousands more! The interior experience and ride and handling is so impressive. After I park it, I can't wait to drive it again! My VP at work was so impressed, he mentioned trading in his Wife's Lexus for the CXL.
Owned a 2000 Jimmy, & my wife wanted something new. I actually wanted a GMC Acadia since they came out but also looked at Ford, Lincoln, Chrysler and Mitsubishi SUV's and crossovers. Needed something that could tow my boat, haul my 2 sons and their instruments (Cello & an upright Bass) and room for 2 big dogs. The dealer had a couple of Enclaves on the lot so we test drove one - it became a must have. Nothing else that fit our requirements compared. We bought one in Moca w/ Ebony leather, sun roof, (the wife's must have and 2 are better than one) and the 4500# towing package. So far, after 1500 miles of mostly around town w/ some expreesway driving we are getting 18.5MPG - pleasently suprised
We looked at the CX-9 and thought that was as good as it got, until we found the Enclave, which is a super sized CX-9. The Enclave is so much more though, we bought the 8 passenger seating, which we could not get in the CX-9 and it still feels like we have lots of space. I really enjoy the roominess of the front seating area and love the looks of the Enclave. This is the best vehicle we have ever bought and doubt we could top it anytime in the near future, we are spoiled! It was worth the six month wait!
Great looking car & very fun to drive. We shopped all alternatives before we decided to own another GM car. We were worried about purchasing another GM car because of past problems and now our worries have come true. The anti-lock brake light and traction control light has come on. Hopefully it is not a repeat of our past GM problems
I have owned every vehicle imaginable and the Enclave is by far the most comfortable and user friendly vehicle ever. It was a choice between the 08 CTS or the Enclave and hands down the Enclave was the clear choice. i am used to driving Yukon's, suburbans, bmw's and never thought i was in the age group that would own a Buick as I am 44 my wife is 28 and neither of us regret our choice. You truly owe it to yourself to drive the new Buick Enclave!
I have owned and driven many GM vehicles over the years. I never have been in such a comfortable and quiet vehicle as this Enclave is. I took a drive and ride test earlier this year with a side by side comparison with the Lexus & Acura. It braked, handled, steered and was much quieter than either of the other foreign vehicles in its class I was so impressed that I had to have one. I order the new Moca color with tan interior. My wife loves the color combination and the beautiful styling too. She likes that she can set her own temp on her side of the vehicle. We were impressed with the ride, handling and braking. The pickup was more than enough for our needs. 
My last vehicles where Toyotas and a Chevy Suburban. My Toyota is still going strong but my Suburban is falling apart. I told my wife I'll never buy American but when she told me about the Enclave I went myself and test drove the car. Amazing look and comfort so I purchased one that same day and surprised my wife. Everywhere we go we get stopped and they ask what kind a car this is. 
We owned Bently, Porsche 911 Cabrio, GMC Denali and currently a 2007 Jaguar Vanden Plas sedan and wanted to downsize from from three vehicles to two so we sold the Porsche and the Denali....and being very picky, I came upon The Buick Enclave AWD CXL which I find is indeed superior in quality, entertainment,technology, safety features, ride, eye candy, interior comfort,back up camera, NAV system, stereo sound system, rear seat DVD, cargo room. remote start, automatic tailgate lift, wood grain and overall sophistocation. Climate control. Transmission is smooth and the get-away at the light is quick as is the boost from the automatic transmission to the six-speed manual adaptation. 15.5 mpg city
We have had our new Enclave for 2 weeks and couldn't be happier with our purchase. We have 4 children and this vehicle is the perfect vehicle for families who want versatility and prestige. The performance, ride comfort, interior space/comfort, handling, features and "WOW factor" are more than we could have imagined. To top it all off, the build quality and fit-finish are even better than anything on the road today! And for thousands less than Mercedes, Audi, Lexus, Infiniti, Land Rover, BMW....etc. It is time for the renaissance of the American Automobile....and the Buick Enclave is the flagship leading the revolution! 
This is my 2nd owned Buick. Purchased base on previous service and reliability. Nice quiet ride. Rides like a car. Waiting to take the 1st long distance trip.
I have owned many luxury vehicles and I can say that the Enclave is the best ever. I can't wait to drive the car. It rewards you with each venture. It is smooth, quite and soothing. There are many pleasant features that give the occupants the feeling of surround luxury. I love the car!!
We exhaustively shopped for this X- over vehicle, and selected this Enclave in Ming Blue (hence, "Big Blue.") It is without doubt, the finest vehicle I have purchased in 20 years (most recent purchases have been premium european sedans). The build quality and quality of materials used is awesome! I did not expect this from a US car company. I have 9300 miles, and everyone at the office fights to drive it. I would encourage anyone who has to haul people and their stuff on a routine basis to seriously consider this vehicle.
Very smooth, comfortable, quiet ride. Good low speed torque. Steering & cornering extremely precise. Feels like it's on rails. Fun to drive. A great road car. Lots of useful gadgets & options and they all work. Buick can be proud of this one.
Has been nothing but a pleasure to drive. Fuel economy is a plus. Pretty well thought out interior/exterior, but as always, there is room for improvement. We have experienced none of the transmission shifting issue that some of the earlier models had. If you want a performance vehicle, then maybe you better look elsewhere. The motor may be a little underpowered, but is adequate. The ride/quiet interior are just like advertised. We added sunroof, machined aluminum wheels, asst. steps, rear backup sensor, heated washer solvent and remote start to the basic CX model that already had a great standard equipment package. We would buy this vehicle again! Nothing else out there like the Enclave! 
Okay, I just picked up my Enclave a week and a half ago; has 1000 miles on it right now. This is probably the nicest vehicle I have owned and that includes a Cadillac. The Enclave is so quiet and so comfortable, I can't say enough about it. With the V-6 it takes regular gas, and gets decent mileage. Beautiful interior! A wonderful luxury vehicle! 
We compared a lot of vehicles in this class and had narrowed the choice to the Outlook. Then I drove the Buick and it was all over. I ordered one the next day and I'm glad I waited. The ride is so smooth and quiet. My husband agrees the fit and finish are outstanding for an American car; Buick has excelled here. It is comfortable on long trips and a real looker. I get compliments everywhere. I am interested in the center console if possible, but overall am delighted.
This CXL FWD is as advertised. Compared to Acura MDX, Lincoln MKX, GMC Yukon Denali & various Euro sedans. This car has tons of interior room, an excellent ride, superb switchgear and is as quiet as any car I have ever been in. Well-designed options include bi-zenon articulating headlamps; heated washer fluid, lumbar that adjusts up and down, trailer hitch cover integrated into bumper; and power folding mirrors. All the required luxury amenities are present and work perfectly. Handling is excellent for a 5000lb vehicle. Steering input is precise with no dead spot. The brake pedal has long travel yet is confident. The styling is turning heads at virtually every street corner and parking lot. 
After checking the Acura, Saturn and GMC crossovers we decided on the Enclave. We absolutely love it . Only two complaints I have so far is that it is so new some of the accessories are not available yet from Buick. (ie weather mats in matching interior color - only black are avail) The only other negative is the sluggishness when shifting. Other than that it is the best ride I have ever owned!
After buying the 2008 Enclave my husband and I never looked back. This is by far the most car for the money. It turns heads wherever we go and rightfully so. Its sleek style and detailed design commands attention. I would recommend anyone who needs a vehicle which seats more than 4 to take a good look at the Enclave. You will not regrete it! It is fun to drive and very comfortable. I hate long road trips, but for the first time in a long time, I'm looking forward to one. Buick, you did an outstanding job. This American made vehicle will give the foreign makers a run for their money.
Handles and rides like a dream. Considerably more power than the Pacifica that I traded in.The Bose audio system is terrific although I am still figuring out all the entertainment system controls. The Enclaves pictured in the brochure show a center console (small asterisk and print indicates rear center console available at a later date). So, from the front seat forward I rate the interior as having a very rich diamond and sapphire look but from the front seat back to the tailgate I give it a cardboard and plastic look. I hope GM offers the rear console as a dealer installed option at a reasonable price.
Just traded my 04 SLS for the Enclave- drove the Acadia-to truck like and the SRX- just wasn't the comfort and design I was looking for- I knew the moment I took the Enclave out for a test drive- that I had to have one. I wanted the height of an SUV and the comfort of a luxury sedan- found it. Mine is red jewel tint and it turns heads.
I drove the Cadillac SRX for three years and it was an excellent vehicle. However, it hardly compares to my Enclave, in terms of comfort, appearance, ride,and room. Everyone asks about it and compliments the look. This is a great vehicle and hats off to Buick for designing it. Even my wife, who never likes the cars I drive, loves this Buick!
A remarkable overall exterior design that get a lot of attention. People stop to check it out, walk around it and give an approving nod. Even double check the Buick name on the back in a pleasant surprise. And that's just from 0 mph on the parking lot. On the road is another story. This Buick Enclave is a sure candidate to be a classic, well engineered inside and out. Its design elements all blends together appealingly devoid of any offensive lines and/or bulges like most other vehicles. This SUV is pleasant to the eyes. As for performance, it could use a few more horses, otherwise it is a well equiped and capable SUV. Maybe shedding a few lbs will do the trick. Bravo Buick! 
We love our Enclave. It is fun to drive and easy to handle. The back up sensors are awesome. A breeze to park in small crowded parking lots. Gets a lot of attention every where we go. The whole family enjoys riding in this car. My Dad liked it so much they bought one of their own!
Fit and finish all seem top notch. Overall, the car is better than anticipated. Haven't had it long enough to know about reliability. Only complaint is how to hang clothes on the second row seating, as in picking up dry cleaning.
I truly can't believe I bought a Buick. This is my first American car. I love this car. I have never had so many people give me compliments and ask "What car is that?". The ride is very quiet and the captain's chairs are fantastic. The car looks fantastic and also to drive. My son loves the DVD with the wireless headphones. I fell in love with the turn by turn directions which I use a lot and the emergency phone in the car via OnStar can be very helpful if you are in a jam. Lastly, I use the remote start a lot as I live in FL and it gets very hot and it cools down the car before I get in with my toddler.
As a BMW owner for the last 10 years this is my first purchase of a Buick ever. To be honest there hasn't been a Buick model that ever looked worthy of owning, untill now. I have only had it for 3 weeks and so far this looks like it will be a winner for GM. The ride and interior are both very comfortable and the value received for the money spent is incredible. Every option that you could want at about $300 a month less in a lease versus BMW. Of course this large vehicle does not accelerate nor corner like an X5 but it wasn't built for that. Nevertheless, it does what it was built to do and very well I may add. A great vehicle for mid to long road trips. I highly recommend it.
Traded in my wife's beautiful inspiration yellow T-Bird on a Buick...and I questioned our sanity on both purchases. One day after purchase we ventured out on a 1000 mile winery tour and I'm happy to say we feel our minds are in fact stable. I'm around/in vehicles of all kinds in various stages of their life every day, so my ratings are on a very broad scale of experience. I was suprised by the admirable mpg averages and it's ability to make hours behind the wheel pass quickly and comfortably. We have every option but AWD and the Luxury package (folding mirrors, power wheel, and the lighting trick GM killed the Tucker for some 50 years ago), so we'll see how it all holds up. God Bless!
We are a mid 30's couple with 3 kids who typically buys imports. I recently purchased a 2007 Acura MDX Sport to replace a Lexus -- so I have a good reference point. We traded in a Toyota Sienna. Never thought we'd buy a Buick, but were always open to an American car that is competitive on the merits. This car makes a mockery of most competitors. This is a remarkable car that feels like it should cost $15k more (at least). Build quality and quietness are superior to my Acura, and it is far more plush and stylish in my opinion. It appears to be nothing short of the rebirth of the American family vehicle. Put your image of Buick as you know it aside and give this thing a try. 
Bought my Enclave (CXL, AWD) 3 days ago and very pleased so far. Traded up from a 2002 Rendezvous, and if you know that car you'll know I had some concerns about buying another Buick. The Enclave, however, is superb: no defects and no trips back to the dealer. Handling and ride are far superior to the Rendezvous, and to the other 'cross-over' cars we looked at. The Ford Edge/Lincoln MKZ is the only real competitor among domestics, and it's a little jittery on the road. Lexus RX350 is equal to the Enclave but a lot more money, and I couldn't find a new (2008) Highlander anywhere to compare. So take a look at the Enclave: you'll be impressed.
This vehicle does so many things well. I looked at a lot of vehicles before choosing the Enclave. Other 3 row CUV's do not match up to the Enclave's value, refinement, reliability, usability (storage capacity/passenger room and comfort) Car has good acceleration for a vehicle its size and role as a luxury family hauler. The vehicle cools down quickly. You can access the third row from both sides of the car unlike the MDX and you don't have to be a contortionist. It has plenty of room behind the 3rd row for a stroller and cooler. I could go on and on.
Looked for a replacement for my BMW SUV. The Enclave caught my eye with its sleek design, stylish interior. The fit and finish is first class, the engineering is current, and the price is $15 to $20 below the BMW. First new American car I've gotten for myself in almost 40 years. Not your grandfather's Buick! Will help bring quality reputation back to the marque. 
FWD CXL has all bells and whistles. Punt the Nav and save $2k w/Ent Pkg#2 DVD w/ surround. OnStar does everything the nav does and has significant safety benefits as well. My 9 year old had the rear audio wireless system operational in minutes! The engine is smooth and pleasingly powerful. The exhaust note is perfect. The cabin is exemplary, with outstanding switchgear that has excellent tactile feel. Interior lighting is superb. The "Googley-Eyed" Bi-Zenon articulating headlamps light to the horizon. I traded in a '04 Sequoia: I could hardly read the dash in any lighting. Enclave's dash is the new benchmark. What? No red line on the tach? This car is one sexy station wagon: The Real Roadmaster
I was always looking at imports but held off buying once I saw the concept for the Enclave. Glad I waited. Love the comfort, ride, many features. Even my 5'4" wife is liking it despite its size. The backup camera makes it easy to back up without fear of hitting anything. We have put 7,000 miles on it in 3 months.
A thorough delight and living up to my highest expectations. I had considered the Lexus and Acura, but believe the Ecncave blows them away. It also puts the Mercedes to shame, and at a lesser cost! My only complaint is the lack of smoothness in the transmission, but based on all of it's attributes I can forgive this slight flaw. This automobile is on a par with my Cadillac DTS!
I was waiting for this unit for two years.now I have it.Thanks Buick... love my Enclave CXL FWD..
We have a two year old and one on the way and purchased a Cadillac Crossover 3 months ago. The Cadillac design was impratical and designed poorly. The Buick Enclave is a breath of fresh air. I love that not only does it look great- it functionality and practicality rivals any minivan. Both my husband and I love driving the car and are looking foward to the many miles that we will be able to drive this car.
We started looking early 2007, but really wanted to see the Enclave. Test drove Edge, Pacifica, and Veracruz. We finally got to see the Enclave and it was truly spectactular. We just had a hard time finding one to buy. People come up to us all of the time and want to see the car and want to know about it! I have only had Lincoln Continentals for the past 20 years, so this was a big step to buy a Buick. We have not been dissapointed. It is actully shorter and narrower than my Lincoln (more room in the garage!)
The car is a pleasure to drive. Mileage is between 18-19 city, 22-23 hghwy. Ride is firm but not hard,much better than my Olds Bravada that it replaced. Interior is pleasing and functional. Controls are easy to reach.
I've had this vehicle for about a month and have driven 2300 miles. Everything about it is a joy. This replaces my Acura TL. The Buick's quality is superior to Acura. No rattles, no issues. It's the most comfortable car I've ever had. If GM pays attention to design and quality like it did with the Enclave, it will begin to compete again.
I own an Acura MDX and owned a Lexus RX in the past. I test drove most of the SUVs in the mid and large sections. I was very surprised to find that the Buick Enclave had fantastic handling and good gas mpg(for its size). It is a beautiful and logical car making it easy and fun to drive. The large capacity is perfect for all the members of my family, most of them being very tall. It is larger than most of the big truck SUVs, but it drives like a car. I have never considered owning an American car before. I must say, I love my new Buick Enclave! It is a quality car that comfortably fits seven people for a much lower price than the Acura or Lexus.
I test drove the Outlook, Acadia, and Enclave. As soon as I was in the Enclave I had made up my mind. Very quiet interior, great looks on the outside, great standard features as compared to the other two, and nice option packages. I find the power to be more than enough and can tow 4500 pounds with the towing package. I don't need a V8 and don't want to sacrifice the milelage. I traded in a Honda for a Buick...I would never had believed that was possible. I could not be more pleased. I am driving a great looking car (people are asking me all the time what it is) that is very comfortable. The sound system is great and when the radio is on you feel like you are in your living room.
I love the quiet ride of this vehicle. I was extreamly surprised at how elegant it looks inside. I looked at many other SUVs and none compared to this one. I love the comfort of the leather seats and all my grandchildren fit in comfortably. I was surprised how big and roomy it is. I also love the sunroof and moon roof. Im 47 years old and never expected to be driving a Buick, that is the kind of car my Grandfather drove, not me. But I drive one and love it. 
After 15 years of European cars we finally found a US built vehicle we wanted to own. After a test drive we knew something great had finally come from GM. It was like a jumbo MDX that made a first impression so quiet we could actually talk and enjoy the music. Handling is that of a sedan half the size and seating is second to nothing we ever owned. We were not in the market for a car but had gone to the dealer for an upgrade to an OnStar system when we saw it. Two days later we took it home. For the first time in my life I got a new car with nothing to fix right from the dealer.
After driving may competing alternative vehicles, the Enclave out classed them all. Although it took 4 months to get, it was worth the wait. Every aspect of the Enclave is very satisfying. It is obvious from many "minor" details that much engineering went into the development of the car. As the owner of 4 Buicks prior to this one, it is the best I've driven in 20 years. The car seems bigger once inside that it appears from the outside, yet it drives nimbly. Anyone that wants a vehicle to carry more than 4 people comfortably needs to drive the Enclave before purchasing any other vehicle. Great Job Buick!
Took delivery of a CXL FWD last week. Very pleased with the quiet ride and solid handling. Worksmanship appears excellent. I didn't measure the first tank of fuel but got 18.6 mpg on the second, with about 50/50 highway/city driving. Has plenty of power for everything I've needed thus far.
After looking and driving numerous makes and models of SUV's I decided on the Enclave. I drove three of these vechiles that ranged from 36,888 to 46,200. I ended up with a Enclave that listed for 40,625. For my purposes I preferred a FWD. The AWD lists for 2,000 more than the FWD. The ride is great the finish is supurb. I love the Sun/Moon roof. The DVD is a must when you travel with the grandchildren. Cadilac, Acadia and Lexus is in second place compared to this automobile,
Just returned from a 1360 mi. trip thru the Colorado Rockies. The Enclave was a joy to drive, and performed very well. The trip gave us a chance to try all the bells and whistles. The car is loaded with everything (more than we orignally wanted) but with limited dealship inventory, we took what was available. Trip included multiple mtn. passes with elevation over 10k ft., and as high as 12k. We got 24.6 MPG overall, which I thought was great considering the terrain driven. Often when we returned from a hike or train ride we found people gathered around the car in the parking lot admiring it. We researched a lot of cross-over models, and we think we made the right choice. 
Just purchased 2 weeks ago and really like this vehicle. Gave up fully loaded 2004 Tahoe and thought I was going to miss it. Not yet. Drives like a luxury car and has so much room.
I had no intention of buying an American car after a poor experience with a Pontiac Montana. Traded a Toyota Sienna after looking at the Enclave at a dealership. I was impressed with the quality and workmanship. Ride is very quiet, smooth and comfortable. 
I love this SUV. Had it a month now. Very quiet and comfortable. Handles well. Mileage as advertised. Many car reviews complain about the trans not downshifting quickly. These reviewers didn't understand when/how to use the manual shifter. On hilly highways select 5 instead of D. 6th gear is for mostly flat highways. On backroads D is fine. The auto-manual shifter works differently than my other cars. If you select 4 or 5 in manual mode, the trans will auto downshift and upshift to the gear selected. My other cars only downshift auomatically but require you to manually upshift through each gear. 
This car is a little squishy for teens, but has great gas mileage. It is great for traveling long distances, but regret getting the one with out the built-in DVD player for the kids in the back. I recommend the captain seats so the middle bench doesn?t get trashed with people climbing over it. 
My wife had her heart set on the new X5 but ultimately selected the Enclave due to the 50 extra cubic feet of cargo capacity and 3rd row seats suited for real people. It didn't hurt that the Enclave is quieter than the X5 and offers comparable features for $18K less. I drive a 5 series BMW so I was kind of rooting for the X5 but I find myself enjoying the Enclave more than I imagined. It does everything in a smooth and refined way. The brakes are very linear and the steering is quite responsive for a vehicle of such substantial proportion. 
It is a great crossover SUV loaded with a lot of options. Great ride, but should have a little more HP.
First looked at Mazda CX9 and was ready to buy it! Drove by Buick dealership and saw the Enclave. Bought it! Best truck I ever drove. Rides like a Cadillac with room like a Hummer! 
I wanted a car with 3 rows of seats to hold 6 grandchildren but also wanted a nice interior for myself--enclave was perfect. I have always had a large SUV but my husband wanted me to get away from a vehicle that large--enclave great size. It looks great, drives great--still very happy a year later 
I received this as a Christmas present from my husband in 2007. It is my favorite car ever. My college age children did not like my mini-van and urged me to get a SUV. But, this is so much better than an ordinary SUV. It's a luxury car with SUV features. I have driven from Pennsylvania to Texas twice and love the GPS system and XM radio and the room. I just read where Buick has the best rating for service and I believe it. I would recommend this car to anyone. My children, who are 24 and 21 both have borrowed my car for road trips. It's not just an "old" person's car. They love it, too.
We have 12000 miles on our Enclave. Love the car. Traveled from Illinois to Florida and car performed beautifully. Car had a bad battery at delivery but that was quickly resolved. Excellent highway mileage, 22 mpg. with full load. Very comfortable ride and so far all accessories performing perfectly. Some visibility problems for shorter drivers. 
We have a 2008 Enclave, and where as I love the basics of the car - the sunroof leaks terribly. I have taken it in three times, every time they say it is fixed and it is not. We live in Oregon, and rain happens a lot here, and this issue is really frustrating. I don't care that it is under warranty - it is a huge inconvenience and frustrations. I would not recommend buying one with a sunroof because I have now read on-line that a lot of people have the same problem. So if you want a nice car with no sunroof, I would recommend it - but with a sunroof I would not.
We bought our Enclave used with 11K miles and remaining factory warranty and have owned it for nearly 1 year. It has served us well with no problems. It is quieter and smoother riding than its relative (Acadia). Middle seats are comfortable, 3rd row comfort is exceptional. We average about 17 mpg/city, and 24/hwy, which is just as good as my 2005 Hyundai Sonata was getting prior to trade in; So pretty good for its size in my opinion. Although we love this SUV, we are looking to trade it in for a van as it lacks the convenient power sliding side doors, and the cargo space of a van. I'm in need of something more practical for 2 children.
This vehicle is adding years to my life. I'm comfortable and stress free in traffic. Love how quiet the ride is, the DVD system is great for the kids, great heat, tons of room, very safe on ice or in poor winter driving conditions, visibility good in front and lights are perfect for highway driving. Fuel mileage not what the old Corolla used to get, but what do you really want? You're driving something much bigger. Had to have the radio replaced at 8 000 k but no problems otherwise. Noticed a bit of a rattle in the front sunroof after 10,000k. 
I am very pleased with my 2008 Enclave. I have owned the vehicle for six months and I have had no problems at all. We went on a road trip in October from Arkansas to Florida with four adults and all of our luggage and there was plenty of room for everyone. The Turn by Turn Navigation was wonderful! The car is very comfortable and quiet on the road. I love the XM radio and also the fold flat third row seating. I had a Tahoe and to get the extra space in back you had to remove the seats and they were heavy! And also where were you going to put them?! The first six months have been a joy with this car! 
The 2nd row (when folded forward) floats while driving (no latch to keep it in place). No room for groceries in hatch. Cannot open hatch in garage - too high. Remote start seldom works, took it to dealership and told me that "electrical devices could be getting in the way". Driver's side heat blasts on one side only; burning one foot while the other one freezes. Seats six not seven comfortably. The pin stripe is one little stripe down the side and you have to pay an additional $700 for something that is already on the car; it wasn't negotiable. No power when passing. Bose sound is a joke as you hear everything on the outside of the car. I have had leaks and other issues. The Buick Enclave is attractive, but it is not sound proof as some guy blogged earlier. I have had this car for a year and trust me, I hear everything. I was told not to buy it but I thought it was so beautiful...regret everyday now. I seriously hate driving this car.
I never thought that I would buy what was considered an old persons car, whether I was young or old. Now, I am older, I love the Buicks. I researched a lot of cars and SUV's before making this choice. This SUV has something about its style and technology that when I drive it, not only am I sold but my family is happy with my choice. 
We purchase a new car about every 14 months, this is one of the best cars we've ever owned. Had no problems so far. Like the manual shifter in the mountains.
We looked at the Acadia, Outlook, SRX and Mazda cx9 and ended up with the enclave...much nicer (classier) interior than all but the SRX, and it has a 4 year warranty too...took a 1200 mile trip on day 4 and the car ran perfectly...very smooth and quiet ride, in fact one of the most quiet cars I?ve driven...the front seats are very comfortable and I didn't get out of the car after 3 or 4 hours all tired and stiff...no complaints so far
Now driven for about 1000 miles and am absolutely impressed. For the size of the vehicle (7 passenger) the Enclave is super quiet, handles well, gets decent gas mileage, is great to look at, and seems well built. Superior to my wife's Cadillac SRX in every way but handling and came in at a better price! 
We ordered the Enclave without ever seeing it. Have owned it for two weeks and we love it. Great fit and finish, ride is superb, I have to admit this vehicle is so quiet you will think you are in a much more expensive vehicle. 
Was ready to buy an Acadia AWD, and then saw the Enclave CX FWD. More standard items. Acadia has no traction control. It was a no brainer Enclave all the way. MSRP's really close. Saturn Outlook would not discount MSRP! Extremely quiet, Buick did a great job on keeping the quiet in and sound out. Driving a pleasure, even my wife says it?s "so big" but does not drive that way, comfortable luxury ride, good handling for its size. It's surprising on turns. Very nice fit and finish. All around gas is decent according to the cars computer 17.5 Waiting to take it on a trip. This is my first GM in a long time and I do not think it is a GM car! I traded a Sienna van and have no regrets. What took Buick so long!? 
My last car was an Infinti G35 coupe, and I traded it for a Blue CXL FWD two weeks ago and love it. They should have called it a Roadmaster: Quiet comfortable cabin, great styling, tons of room, plenty of pep, very smooth over bumps even with 19" rims (if you keep the tire pressure at 32 fr/30 rr). Excellent handling for a big SUV, much better than the Trailblazer I rented last year. So far gas mileage is not bad, 19-20 in mostly city driving, 24 on a short hwy run. Only rarely noticed trans downshift issue reported in mag reviews, but the terrain is pretty flat here. 
Lots of research went into our choice of the Enclave. We have not been disappointed! It is a joy to drive, offering super quiet interior and ride, plush CXL leather seating, Bose speaker system, handles fantastic on the road. We towed our boat this weekend, and it handled it better than my previous SUV, hands down. A lot of thought went into this vehicle. We're getting better than stated gas mileage, which is a nice surprise! 
The crossover is well designed, is living-room quiet, and handles very well. Fit and finish is excellent and there are no rattles or squeaks. The ride quality is superb. 
This is my second American vehicle and have to say this time I'm very pleased with it so far. Very quiet and plush ride. The handling isn't bad either for a 2 and 1/2 ton vehicle. The overall apperance is on a par with other luxury vehicles. Even though, I wasn't loooking for performance, the MPG is below average and transmission slow to change when pushed, but smooth. Some of the materials used looks a little cheap and outdated. Some of the technology is below that of its competitors. Reliability is in question, but only time will tell. Overall, I would recommend this vehicle. 
Just got our new Enclave and couldn't be happier. Had many more "bells and whistles" than we even knew about going in! Such a quiet ride, very solid feel. Decent pick-up on the freeway, but it's not a sports car. Perfect car for a family who needs a mini-van but doesn't want to get one. Very comparable to higher-end SUVs. Would highly recommend a close look at the Enclave to any family with three or more children.
We have had the Enclave CXL for three weeks and simply love it. After test driving the Enclave, we quickly discovered it rides smoother and is much quieter then the Acadia and Outlook. The interior is very comfortable with ample room for 7. Although the engine is not a rocket, the 275 HP is plenty for its size and weight. The 6 speed transmission is smooth. Enclave gets 1 less mpg then the Acadia and Outlook maybe because it's a little heavier. But at least it runs on 87 octane. Glad we looked at the Enclave as we almost bought the Acadia or Outlook. Some people may prefer the looks of the Acadia or Outlook, but the ride and quietness of Enclave can't be beat.
This vehicle is really impressive. I think GM has finally got it right. The vehicle is so comfortable, with so many nice features. You have to drive a Lambda based GM before you buy another SUV, crossover, or minivan. 
I didn't think I would ever go back to a GM product. We traded in an '04 Toyota Sienna. The van was very nice but between the hesitation and the run flat tires, it certainly was not perfect as some would lead you to believe. The new Enclave is fantastic. Great room, quiet, and very comfortable. 
After much searching in this price range, my wife and I were settled on the Acadia. However, we took one test drive in the new Buick and were amazed at how much better looking and how much better equipped the Enclave is compared to the Acadia. The ride is smooth and quiet with nice accleration from the six speed automatic. The Buick is not going to snap your neck with speed, but is perfectly capable of quick passing maneuvers when needed. The interior is what really impressed us. My wife and I are in our late 20's and have never considered a Buick until now. The clock in the dash looks great and at night the interior lighting befits a much higher priced car. 
Most quiet/comfortable vehicle have ever owned. Looking forward to long trip. Gold Mist Metallic is an awesome color. Mileage on par with an Acura MDX, Lexus 350 without premium fuel. Put those marques on this vehicle and they would be proud.
My wife had to get the Buick Enclave. We looked at the GMC Acadia and Saturn Outlook. We just about purchased the Outlook and then found an Enclave that just came into the dealership. Hard to believe that this is a Buick. Finally a reasonably priced car that isn't a minivan and fits our family of 7. Believe it or not my wife hated our Escalade, too big. Now she doesn't have to drive the giant bling bling to fit our family. For the price a much better choice than the Acadia or Outlook. Buick did a good job.
I have never owned a GM vehicle. I have been waiting for this one since its debut at the Detroit Auto Show. Almost bought an Acadia because they came out first and I was chomping at the bit. Am so glad I was patient. It was well worth it. Drives beautifully. Very quiet. Very smooth. Handling is quite responsive. Feels very solid and safe. Looks great. Interior is nice. Plenty of room in all three rows. Traded in a Chrysler Town & Country that I loved. No regrets. Only the third day of my ownership, but so far I am quite pleased. Looking for excuses to drive!
After first month of owning this Enclave has been nothing but trouble. Since June 08 we have had two transmission software updates (tranny shifting still terrible. Acts as though it doesn't know what gear it's suppose to be in). Rear liftgate opens by itself (when car off luckily). With automatic operation turned off we still hear the lift motor engage. Heat controls stopped working twice. At times when driving all gauges read as though the car is turned off. With cruise control set at 75 MPH for nearly two hours the best MPG I get is 17. In city getting 13 MPG is a good day. Dealer is trying their best but I don't hold out for much improvement.
Overall a very good vehicle. I'm very glad that I overcame my bias that Buick is for grandparents. This one is definitely worth checking out when considering Lexus or BMW. My minor negatives: I'm 5'11" and once adjusted the steering wheel almost totally obstructs the speedometer. The navigation system is hands down the worst one I've owned. It often will not recognize side roads and has poor voice prompts for upcoming turns. I find myself frequently looking at the screen when I can rely completely on voice prompts with my other vehicles. Finally, the second row captain seats are great, but a console option between them would be a welcome addition.
We moved out of the domestic market in the 1990's for better quality, e.g. Nissan, Lexus. We wanted an AWD SUV and deduced that the quality imports had gotten out of our reach. We were really taken by the Enclave when we tested one out, so we ordered one. To our disappointment we have found that the wheels & hubs build up with snow, ice or mud which sets up an uncomfortable vibration Which can only be alleviated by washing the wheels thoroughly with a pressure washer. The Dealer tells us that this is a common issue in all the newer vehicles due to the open hub. I am suspicious that this is a run around. I also drive a 2008 Explorer at work that exhibits no such problem. 
I was a little unsure going from a Lexus RX 300, but now I can tell you I have surely traded up! It felt a little big at first, but I have come to love the looks, driveablity and functionality. It has plenty of power. I got very concerned during the high gas prices recently, but my mileage has actually improved. I have put on 10000 miles in 5 months. I get about 19 in my combo city/interstate work commute driving and about 27, yes 27 on the open highway. Also recently during the hurricane damage and recovery it has come in very handy making trips to Lowes and Home Depot. We got it fully loaded with AWD. We love all the features - lots of luxury and a sport drive.
Wanting to replace my Escalade, I looked at Mercedes, Lexus, Infiniti, Acura, & Mazda's. I then found the GM Lamda platform of which Traverse caught my eye first. I then drove the Outlook and Acadia but after I drove the Enclave I knew! It had such an incredibly smooth, quiet ride with technology only found in more expensive vechiles. After I get over the shock that I am driving a Buick (it looks so damn good for a Buick!), all else has been a fantastic experience for me. This platform should help Americians look at buying a great product from their own country again. 
This is a great riding vehicle with good space. I love the amenities and that it uses regular gas. The transmission stinks. It's always searching and you have to tromp it just to keep up with rural traffic but on the highway it's fine. Gas mileage has been 14mpg commuting and 22mpg on the highway. It is a very quiet riding vehicle though.
I had this vehicle one month. I love it. Great comfort, smooth. GM has a winner with this vehicle. 
We absolutely love this crossover. We receive many compliments on its styling. Absolutely no problem other than the transmission hesitates on occasion. There is a program change we are considering which I'm told will seem like a 50 hp boost..downside I'm told might be a lost in fuel economy (Currently 17.9 MPG in town and consistently with hard driving on the freeway 21+ MPG). We bought the factory running boards-they are very helpful for some elderly folks we transport and it really dresses up that vehicle..and they fit perfectly into the styling. Only downside, power lift hits our garage door (triggers automatic close) so we have to turn it off when we drive into the garage. 
Just yesterday our Enclave was finally delivered. We had to wait a few months as we had the car imported from the US. We had driven the car during our two weeks holidays in Florida May 2008 and fell in love with it. The car drives smoothly, is silent and has a lot of space. With 3 children the Enclave is the perfect family car. Classy and not as ordinary as a BMW X5 or Audi Q7. The fun part is that the Enclave offers as much as these cars but is far cheaper. Too bad that the XM radio does not work in Europe. It uses fuel but not as much as expected. We like the seats for total 8 people and the exclusive look & feel of the Enclave. We are sure to enjoy the Enclave for a many years to come. 
Had a terrible accident but I was able to walk away from it thanks to the Enclave! It took the brunt of the damage and it was totaled. My insurance agent was amazed that I survived due to the condition of the outside of the vehicle. I'm going to purchase an '09 for a replacement.
I have had this car since March of 2008. I love the style and the quiet ride. However, I am so thankful that I lease this vehicle and wouldn't ever think of buying one after the problems I have experienced. Once in for electrical problems after owning it for 3 months. 3 times in for leak in ceiling (water drips in through the third row overhead maplights). The car came back to me after being in the shop (3rd time for leak) last week. So far, so good. No more leaks. Mileage is worse than what GM claims averaging 19 overall highway with stop and go a lot. Beautiful driving as it is very quiet. Pickup is just okay though.
I accept the fact that my Enclave might be a lemon. Camshafts, weird engine noises, minor electrical freak- outs- and that's only within the first 3 months of ownership. The design is good but build quality is very average - panels do not align well, some a crooked, etc. It does what it is designed for - haul 7-8 people, but the transmision will make you adjust your driving style to a typical Buick drivers style. Add a virtually non-existent support by GM/local dealers ( I tried a few) and you may want to think carefuly before you but it. 
I have never received so many compliments on the appearance of a vehicle. Total strangers have said to me "You've got a really nice looking vehicle". The ride is incredible smooth, especially for a sport utility vehicle. My kids love the interior features. The seats are very comfortable It is really fun to drive. The power lift gate is a wonderful feature. The tinted windows really make the interior cooler on hot days. The large windshield wipers are terrific!
I have owned many cars, including , several corvettes, Fords, Honda (the worst car I ever owned), and many GM, mopars, light trucks and vans. This is my first review about a vehicle. With out a doubt, Buick Enclave is the finest crossover ever. Car is as smooth and quiet as any car you will find, smother, quieter than my sons new Lexus. I am averaging 17.8mpg around town, one small trip got 25.4mpg. High quality and attention to detail make it extra special. You should consider the back up camera as backing visibility is restricted by design. I traded a Tahoe which I loved but I am over it. Navagation system not as good as good as Garmin. GM should build all its cars like this 
I have had may different vehichles and this is truly the most comfortable, well equiped I have ever had. I get 19 mpg in the city and 24 hwy. for an 8 (comfortable) passanger car, this is great. It is very comfortable and quiet. The 6 speed trans is a little different, but well worth it. I love the hands free phone, OnStar, navagation and the sound system. This is truly a must have vehicle. 
The Enclave has been apart of our family for over a year now and we enjoy it everytime we drive it. Our white CX model with black cloth seats has been through a lot in a year and passed with flying colors. The Buick has been on several long distance road trips and returned 23 to 24 MPG with cruise set on 70-72 MPH. Except for a recall to reprogram the transmission to shift quicker we have only been to the dealer for regular oil changes. We have towed a pop-up camper to state parks and have folded all the seats down to fit a full size dresser (new in its box) in the back. Our model has the second row bench seat and we are glad we got it since our newborn and his carseat fit comfortably. 
I have had this auto for over 1 year now and have had the following issues: 1. Gas gauge working intermittently 2. Gear shift works intermittently (doesn't lock into place). 3. Driver's side window often sticks and won't open. 4. Windshield wipers stopped working this morning, but can still hear the motor mechanism working, but they won't move. 5. Traction light comes on when driving on the highway. I really love the way this auto drives when it was new. Now that I have 19K+ miles on it, it seems to be exposing flaws and the dealership is worthless to fix things. They can't even do a decent oil change without letting all the air out of the tires (they stated the air gauge was not calibrate
Wonderful crossover, built very well. Quiet highway ride, room for 7 passengers. Rivals any foreign crossover vehicle in class with better mileage. Cruising at 75 MPH is a dream 
Had car in shop twice for accelaration problems. Still has not been solved. Also noise in fan motor which they have on order to replace. Mileage in city is 15 at best and on a trip 19. The trip was 1300 miles and never got above 19. 
Bought the Enlcave as it was half the price of the Lexus and MB. After 15,000 miles, the transmission has gone out! The stabilitrac and ABS are creating problems. The exterior "chrome" around the rear lights is coming off. The A/C temp button coloring is wearing off. Extremely frustrated. 
The Enclave is a perfect fit to luxury and affordabilty. Buick hits the mark. This CUV is a bullseye. I love ride its quiet and responsive ride. Best of all it's just right with the pump. I would say a compact van has its real competitor.
We have been driving our Enclave for the last few months. We love the looks and many of the features. The transmission definitely has some problems. It drags and has hesitation to switch gears from 50-70 mph. Took to the dealership a couple of times and they upgraded the software but still has the same problem. Looking at internet, it appears GM knows this problem for some time! They upgraded their transmission softwares few times! But the problem is still there. Drive on the highway if you are considering buying this car. I wish we had done that!
Love the look and style of this vehicle. Gas mileage could be much better. The ride is great. Shifting is not smooth and makes it hard for a new teenage driver. Wish I would have gotten a back up camera. Never had a car with so many blind spots. But overall love this vehicle.
Transmission hesitation/performance is a glaring design issue. At times the tranny acts as it doesn't know what gear it is suppose to be in. Which negatively effects MPG. Currently gettng 14-15 city and 16-18 highway. Dealer installed software update but no help. Another update is available but told it would cost me 3-4 MPG and once installed ut can't be backed out! Have had 9 other Buicks and loved them all. This car, once you look past its beauty is a big dissappointment. Would not recommend until GM permanently fixes the tranny issues. Dealer does acknowledge this is an issue.
I didn't want to rate this until I had some experience with the vehicle. Now I can still say I'm glad I bought it. I am a very tall person, so my choices of vehicles is limited, but this had plenty of head room even with the sun and separate moon roof. I hate highway noise, and this crossover makes driving pleasant, especially when taking long trips and listening to books on my MP3 through the car's system. Most of my driving is city, but after a long trip to NYC, the five adults all enjoyed the trip. Note to GM: keep working on that fuel cell.
I have owned Landrover and Toyota in the past and I traded in my Highlander hybrid for this beautiful Enclave. It sounds crazy to trade in a hybrid but the Enclave caught my eye and I fell in love. This is the most comfortable, spacious, and most beautiful interior suv I have ever owned! I just rode with a friend in her honda on a long road trip and I was so uncomfortable because the Enclave has spoiled me with its comfortable seats and space. I usually trade in a car every 2 yrs but I know I will not part with this vehicle unless it's to get a newer model. I paid well into the 40k range for my prior vehicles and didn't have the features I have with the Enclave.
I love my Enclave! Already made one trip from Ontario to Florida with two golden retrievers and a roof rack full of stuff! No problems. Took 6 people out and about down there on day trips, all comfortable. I too can only find the tailgate button on the keyfob while inside, is there a button? Other than on the tailgate? Which also had to be fixed...it would power up then drop closed! Easy fix. Have 23,000 k's on it as we speak and I can go 740 k's on one tank. Did I mention I love my Enclave?
I love my Enclave! Already made one trip from Ontario to Florida with two golden retrievers and a roof rack full of stuff! No problems. Took 6 people out and about down there on day trips, all comfortable. I too can only find the tailgate button on the keyfob while inside, is there a button? Other than on the tailgate? Which also had to be fixed...it would power up then drop closed! Easy fix. Have 23,000 k's on it as we speak and I can go 740 k's on one tank. Did I mention I love my Enclave?
I love my Buick Enclave. It looks great. People have said it reminds them of the much more expensive Audi. It is super comfortable inside. It's a wide car, so sometimes parking and tight turns can be challenging. I had a GMC Envoy before this, and I would estimate the mileage on the Enclave to be about 30% better. I do a lot of city driving, so I can't say what I am averaging per gallon, but it is pretty good for a SUV of this size. Only problem I ever have is sometimes overshifting into low instead of drive, but maybe that's just me. These are great cars, and I'm seeing more and more of them on the street.
You will not be disappointed with this CUV. We love it! Buick has hit a home run with the Enclave. We traded in a '01 Expedition with the same 1st and 2nd row captain chairs as the Enclave. I'm 46 and I never thought I'd own a Buick but I don't regret it at all. For the money, the seating configuration, capacity, features, performance, this is an absolute bargan. We were closely looking at the GMC Acadia (which is great as well) but the luxury, quiet ride, looks won us over. We looked at many other brands in this segment but there were very few that could seat 7 with the dual captain chairs. The V6 has plenty of power and transmission seems to shift smoothly for us. Great job Buick! We are very satisfied. GM should use this as an example to improve their bottom line.
I have purchase over 45 new vehicles in my life, this is the best of all. I traded a Toyota Avalon for this Enclave and it is so much nicer I fell bad I ever tried a Toyota. If you are looking for a great vehicle, Enclave is the answer, cannot say one bad thing about it, never had a car/truck to even start comparing with this. Have had several Buicks in past, all good vehicles but this is the first great vehicle! Have 6000 very enjoyable miles on it and look forward to many more. Thanks Buick.
My Enclave saved my life! I was recently in a car accident where another vehicle hit my Enclave and totaled it. However, I was able to walk away from the accident. The Enclave absorbed most of the impact. Everyone at the body shop said this had to be one safe car for me to not have been more seriously injured. As a father of two little toddlers, I'm so glad for this vehicle and can't wait to buy another one. Not to mention that it is a beautiful car and a very smooth, comfortable ride. 
I love this vehicle. It drives very smoothly. I bought the navigation system and used it and OnStar for a recent trip to CA. The best road trip I've ever taken with the turn-by-turn directions. The seats are extremely comfortable and I have it on good authority from my family that you can actually seat 3 people in the third row without being too uncomfortable. The way the second row moves forward makes it easy for people to sit in the third row and gives ample leg room for both the second and third row. I am thrilled with my purchase. The only negative is that I'm only averaging 14.3 mpg in town, but do believe I hit the 24 mpg on the highway trip to CA. I love the diagnostic reports.
We loved our Enclave before taking a 5400 mile road trip with 4 adults plus luggage, but now we wouldn't part with it for any vehicle on the road. For 5400 miles we averaged 20.2 miles per gallon, which we were really happy about since the vehicle was loaded. We drove through the Pennsylvania hills and the car performed beautifully - not a sign of the transmission hesitancy some people grouse about. The ride was superb, the carrying capacity was more than adequate, and the interior arrangement was really handy for all of the things we took. 
I took possesion of my Enclave on June 1 and took it for a drive throught the Rocky mountains. Wow, what a ride! I am totally impressed with this vehicle. Gas mileage was decent at 23.9MPG. This is a sexy looking CUV both in and out and is extremely quiet. The seats are extremely comfortable front and back. The nav system is also a great feature that I found invaluable driving in unfamiliar cities. OnStar is also great, I love the personal service that you get with this. This should be standard on all vehicles. I will be using this car to haul long items and I have more room than my old Dodge Caravan. The seats can be configured to fit almost any need. Congrats to the Buick designers
Just completed a 2700 mile trip with four adults and lots of luggage. Averaged 21 MPG for entire trip and 24 MPG interstate at 73 MPH average. Drove 1000 straight miles only stopping for breaks and gas. Never felt tired or stiff. Seating and ease of handling are exceptional. Lives up to and exceeds quiteness claims. Did not find that shifting was a problem as other owners have eluded to, it was very smooth even with numerous terrain changes. This vehicle will get 27 MPG+ at 60 MPH on a level road. This is a great car for the money. Exterior and interior styling and workmanship are outstanding. Presently have 8500 miles on vehicle. 
My 2008 Enclave is one year old with 23,000 miles. I waited a year to write this review so it would be more accurate. Bad things: I get 16 mpg consistantly, much less than I expected. Transmission is a constant issue. Pulling on to a highway from an on ramp into traffic is tricky as this car just doesn't have the acceleration or power needed to pull this off effortlessly. When heat/AC is on with the fan it is very loud. Moulding of the front bumper comes to a point and is very low to the ground. Watch curbs when parking! Good things: Roomy inside and we love the "minivan" seating arrangement where you can walk through to the third row. It looks nice and turns many heads. 
This is the first American made car that I have ever purchased. No American cars ever interested me. I traded a 2004 Volvo XC90 for the Enclave. The Enclave is a big jump in quality especially for the price. The XC90 equipped similarly would cost $10K more. The ride is very smooth and quiet. We bought it loaded. My daughter loves the DVD. I like OnStar, navigation system, back-up camera and power liftgate. Adults can actually sit in the 3rd row comfortably. Behind the 3rd row there is room for luggage or coolers for tailgating. The gas mileage so far (800 miles) is not as good as the Volvo. The Enclave gets 15 MPG in the city. Overall, a great value. I highly recommend it.
Although a beautiful car inside and out, don't buy off on the claim that this gets better mileage than most SUVs. The AWD version I have is averaging less than 15 MPG in the city. The car is heavy and takes a lot of gas pedal to get up to speed. I was really hoping to get a little more economy out of this car.
Traded in my 04 Sequoia and have never looked back. Everything about this car is better than the Toy. I can repeatedly get 25 mpg on the highway if I pay attention and keep my speed within 5 mph of the limit. Quit whining about gas mileage in a 5000 lb vehicle! The tranny is designed to max your mpg, not your quarter-mile times. We've had two long road trips, and this is way more comfy than my "class leading" 01 Grand Caravan ever was. This car is drop-dead gorgeous inside and out. Ten months and 16k later I am still in love with my car. I have every option, and all the bells and whistles work perfectly. OnStar seems to have upgraded their nav system as it seems more accurate than last year.
I had a 2005 Escalade..hard to beat for over all luxury and performance. This Buick has more leg room in a smaller cross over. The Escalade was difficult if not imposible for large people to get into the rear seats. This new car gets very good gas mileage. On a trip to Phoenix I got 21 MPG and that is averaging 75 mph! Being a S Californian I calibrated up to 31 miles per gallon going from Beaumont Ca, to Onterio airport Ca about 50 miles. Every time the freeway: Hwy 10 was going down hill I put the car in neutral. You can't even tell when it is coasting or not! That way I save the expensive gas and it runs on regular. It has so many luxury items I have not learned them all. Move over Lexus
I love the way this vehicle drives! I would have given performance and fun to drive a "7" before I had the May 8th transmission update. This eliminated all hesitation and lugging. It holds the lower gears for instant throttle response. It came with a warning that it may decrease mpg by 0-2 mpg. I saw the 0. I get 22 on the interstate doing 76 mph. My wife got 23.5 mpg on a rural drive with small towns to go through. I get 14 mpg in around town/short trip driving. It's very reliable, too.
The 2008 Enclave has been a great car to date. It has been a pleasure to drive. Very comfortable and very roomy. Gas mileage has been as expected. Have been getting 22.7 MPGs on highway / 16 MPGs around town. Very good for a vehicle this size. Another buyer who never thought he'd be in a GM or Buick product but was won over (considered Mazda CX-9 & Toyota Highlander). Great car after 2,000 miles. Very smooth ride (my mother is ready to trade in her Lexus RX 450). We'll see what the future holds. 
We look at almost every crossover model available on the market, but when we saw the Enclave, we fell in love. My wife still can't believe it's a Buick. Talking about a private jet, the inside is more like a first class section of a jumbo jet. Way to go Buick, keep it up because you already beat every foreign crossover in your class. My Enclave moved me so much that I personalized the license plate on it with my own name. 
I have owned and driven my Enclave now for 5200 miles and still love it. We just had our first child, and I sold my BMW M3 to get it. Never did I think I would love the quiet and smoothness so much, I assume my son likes it as well since he snoozes in it so well. I have also carried a full load of people on a 4-hour trip with no complaints and 20MPG. Not bad for 7 Adults and one child. As for around town driving, I get an average of about 17MPG with mostly local driving. I've never gotten less than 15MPG, with very city-like local short trips, so I am not sure what some people are doing to get less than that. Finally, we have had exactly 0 problems.
I bought this vehicle in March of 2008. June 4th a storm came through our area and a tree fell on top of my Enclave. I can honestly tell you the car had no (zero) damage. The Enclave is a safe vehicle. This only disappointment I have is the acceleration and gas mileage. Otherwise, everything is great. I feel 100% safe in this vehicle. 
I new I wanted this car before it hit the market. My dealer told me this was coming out in the spring of last year and when he showed me a picture, I was sold. I ordered one as soon as I could. The ride is very smooth, handles well and is very quiet. It definately attracts attention everywhere I go. People are always asking me about it. The Enclave is the best car I've ever owned. 
I was really looking forward to better fuel economy than my Toyota Sequoia - but I've been very disappointed (avg 13 mpg - Sequoia avg was 16!). The dealer service department said they get tons of calls with dissatisfied customers regarding mileage of the Enclave. The transmission is also a bit screwy, you really have to push on the gas to convince it to downshift on a hill - and mine supposedly has had that transmission "fix" from the earlier versions. Even on level roads it seems to jump between gears unnecessarily. It's nice overall, maybe I just had my hopes set too high? 
I have been driving my Enclave for just over 2500 km (~1500 mi) now in replacement of a Rendez Vous 2002. I really enjoy it. The drive is smooth, quiet and I find performance being acceptable for the size of the vehicle. Plenty of room for people and cargo. I like the overall usability of the cockpit; controls are easy to use and some are available on steering wheel, sliding arm support. Strongly recommend the car based on first impression.
I thought I was doing the right thing by trading my Ford Expedition in for this... I was so wrong. I get the same gas mileage I did with my Expedition (16-17 MPG). I have taken my car into the service department numerous times to tell them it does not drive right. They tell me it is fine! Now it sounds like I am driving a truck with mud grip tires on it. It is roaring the the front right, but they do not hear anything! Last night we went out and it started raining, guess what... my car is leaking!!!!! This was the worse mistake I have ever made!
Drivers who have abandoned domestics for foreign makes need to return to the fold. The quiet and comfortable ride rival any sedan- foreign or domestic that I have rode in. As you walk around the car and notice the fit and finish, you have to remind yourself this is really a domestic. The leg and head room, safety features galore, and comfortable ride are really something. 
The car is simply awesome. Quiet, luxurious, fun to drive. GM has finally decided to compete with Japan and Europe. The car is not perfect, but comes close. I test drove Acura MDX, BMW X5, Volvo C70, Mercedes ML, Lexus RX and Buick won out. The other cars were nice, but not as well thought out and not even close when it comes to value. I traded in my Lincoln Aviator. I was hesitant about buying another domestic car because I have been disappointed on the two that i owned. The Enclave has a generous warranty that should cover most problems. 
We are happy with this vehicle. 8-passenger seating (counsel unavailabe despite being pictured in all the ads this year). Plenty of pick-up and lots of room inside; OK fuel mileage for an SUV of this size Two words of advice: Consider adding an aftermarket GPS system instead of OEM GPS, because the DVD GPS data is two years old when you buy the vehicle. 
We finally upgraded and graduated out of our beloved family Honda mini van. I feel like I have finally grown up and have something just for me. The Enclave is quiet and smooth driving. ours is fully loaded and it will take a while to learn all of the bells and whistles, but our decision to buy this hard-to- find Buick was a good one! We looked at the Lexus, but the Enclave rated much better for emissions. I love this car!
This vehicle was made for me. It is quiet and very roomy. I can't believe that I have a luxury SUV! It is so smooth and handles very well. I love this vehicle! I thought it was out of my price range because it is luxury, but I got one fully loaded. 
It is the best car yet. All of my family can fit in it. It is great to have 3 row seats for more foot space. It is great that it has such good handling and the backing up beep and meter is great. I love Enclaves!
My wife wanted to upgrade for a more luxurious ride and wanted to look at the Buick. I thougt she was crazy or having disillusions. Boy was she right and I was wrong. The car blows Infiniti, Lincoln, and Lexus away (Europeans are too much money for what you get). Not sure why people knock the interior quality, its as nice as anything out there and better layout. It drives like a car and luxuries are there to make you feel like you're escaping the world. Ultra silent ride, smooth, and handles very well (remember, it's not a sports car). All in all, a must drive.
A very quiet ride. Plenty of room to for car pooling, kids and backpacks. Beautiful interior and love the shape of the exterior. Able to accomodate a 6'1" man and a 5 foot woman comfortably in the drivers seat. Not especially thrilled about how high the side view mirrors are located, hard to see around them when your shorter.
I bought my Enclave in late February. I have never even considered a Buick, (always thought of as a granny's car), until I saw the Enclave. I knew it was what I wanted. I drove to many dealerships for about 5 months to see all the colors they had to offer before choosing. I have the White Diamond Tricoat and 19" chrome wheels. It is absolutely head-turning gorgeous. I drive my cars for a very long time (10-12 yrs) before buying a new one so I thought about it a long time before I was sure that this was what I wanted. I'm glad I choose it. My kids love it. It it fully loaded with Cashmere leather. I get plenty of stares especially because the White Diamond is so hard to come by.
This is the best crossover out in the market. We looked at every one and found the Buick was the best priced and had the most options standard. Our Buick has every option available. With GM's OnStar you can do without the navigation. I will only buy cars that have OnStar. Hopefully this will be the start of good things to come from GM. 
I've owned Jeep, Explorer, Mountaineer, and Infiniti SUV's. This is way above and beyond the others. I have been searching for a smooth car- like ride, quiet interior so I can actually talk to all passengers, user friendly dashboard and controls, and plenty of cargo room. I've hit paydirt! I purchased a BMW X5 and Cadillac SRX for employers recently, but the Buick is superior all around (they're both jealous). With my teenage boys and their friends, we have plenty of leg room for all. The level of comfort is wonderful. I've haven't been this happy with a vehicle since I don't remember when. Wish the gas mileage was better and the transmission needs improvement.
Stoll love this care after dring for 9 months and 14m miles. Great design, inside and out. Technology is first class. Love the quiet ride. I traded a BMW SUV that I loved, and now love the Buick more. This is first American car I've acquired personally in almost 40 years, and its quality holds up well against Mercedes, BMWs, Jaguars I've had. 
I love my Enclave but have had to have the overhead cams and head replaced in the engine. The engine light kept coming on and going off. I had it in the shop 4 times before Buick fessed up to a problem with the cam shaft being milled too much. As far as comfort and fun to drive I couldn't find anything better. I was afraid of buying a Buick and we will see if this major replacement will change my mind. 
Looked at a variety of SUVs and CUVs, thought the Enclave offered the best conbination of size and ride quality. The vehicle is as quiet and nicely appointed inside as advertised. In essence the quietest and smoothest car I have owned. The transmission issues, in my opinion, are overstated. Shifts are smooth and yes on occasion the transmission does search for the correct gear, but not a deal breaker. The performance is more than adequate. If you want 0-60 stats buy a Ferarri! Fit and finish are excellent. Gas milaeage in mixed driving is disappointing-15mpg. Hard to believe that GM won't permit you to querie the Nav system for gas, food or lodging while moving! Save your money, buy a $300 Garmin.
Very quiet, very comfortable. The interior is beautifully designed and executed. It gets good mpg for an 8- passenger vehicle. It has sufficient power for passing, and handles well for a big, heavy vehicle.
Love it and have had it 1 month and have 600 miles on our Cocoa Metallic with Cashmere leather interior. Have Driver Confidence Package, 19 inch chrome wheels and entertainment package #1. A thrill to drive after parting with our 2004 Cadillac Deville. Love the seat height, Onstar and the attention we have been getting. Purchased the cargo shade and net and think Buick could have done a better design job on the shade. Love the room as my wife and I intend to do a lot of traveling. 
Have had my Enclave 1 month and have 600 miles on it. No problems, love it however I purchased the rear shade and don't see that it is worth the price. 
Bought my Enclave because I needed an SUV that had seats that adjust for small adult as well as large. I am the small adult in the family and still have to use a pillow to see over the dash! Nice color brown exterior and dark charcoal interior. Drives like a tank, very heavy metal. Shifting is not right, hence transmission problem. Low road noise with windows closed but then need the AC recirculating feature to stay on in every setting, not. Overall, a good luxury SUV for a big person not sensitive to exhaust and polluted air.
Have had this vehicle since Sept and love it. Quiet, smooth ride and a pleasure to drive. Have put 13,000 miles already. Inside is roomy enough for adults to sit in the very back.
It's extremely quiet. The ride & handling are superior. It tows our 3500 lb. boat with the greatest of ease. It's truly a beautiful vehicle inside and out, and has all the bells & whistles. Just want to drive it all the time.
I traded my 2003 Lexus GX for the Enclave and so far so good. The ride is very smooth. Comparable to the Lexus. Drives like a car, which I like since I also traded my Accord on this vehicle. Figured I only needed one car and the Enclave was the combination of the two I was looking for. Granted it's not a Lexus but so far it's pretty close. I would say it's lacking on acceleration but so far it hasn't been that big of a deal. Gas mileage varies from 14 to 22 and I check it myself, I don't rely on what the info center tells me. Visibility trying to back up is limited and yes I have the back up camera but it makes me dizzy and it's hard to see it in the daytime when its sunny. Overall a winner
Got the 08 CX new as a Company Car Good: Very supportive seats. A lot of standard features for base model. Bad: Fuel mileage is horrible. I'm lucky to get 24 highway and avg 16 city. My Honda Odyssey gets better mileage and it is taller, heavier, and has more hp. Driver seat started squeaking at 20k miles-I only weigh 185lbs. Brakes went at 20k miles- almost all highway. I've never had brakes go anywhere near that quickly. Steering wheel made a clicking sound- several dealers couldn't find the problem. Left windshield wiper splashes water on right side and right wiper missed it. key fob died-even after repl. btry. A lot of minor annoying problems that were expensive and inconvenient to fix
This is my 4th Buick, love the new design, my son said it doesn't look like a old person car like the ones in the pass. The car had 20,000 miles when I got it. Has a vibration problem had tires balance no help, call dealership they said new tires, don't thing that the problem, my old century and lasabre rides better than this and they had 185,000 miles. The driver seat is unsuportive has some give.
I read the reviews about the vibration. We took ours to a tire shop and they told us the vibration was due to the rear struts being out of line. We took it to the dealer and they put in some shims to align the rear. They also said it was due to a factory defect. However they didn't want to accept responsibility for the ruined tires. Hope this helps anyone else with vibration problems.
Bought CXL last Jan. so after a year and about 6,000 miles, it is still a good car. Bought a new CXS in 2005 and liked it so much, bought another one this past year. On the strength side, I like the exterior and interior (dash) looks and its nice ride for these old bones. On the negative side, the gas mileage is putrid at about 17 in town and 25 on the highway. Liked the Lucerne but felt it was too big. 
I wanted to get the CXL because of some features it had, but did not want leather seats. So we had to get the CX in order to get cloth seats. Our 97 Century Limited had cloth seats (Buick let me down on this one). Mileage is dissappointing, 28 highway / 19 city. Our old Century got 30+ highway. But this LaCrosse is a very enjoyable and fun car to drive. It is comfortable, pleasant to look at, and despite my dissappointment with the leather seat issue, a really nice car. Guess we'll keep it til Buick comes up with one that will get 35 - 40 mpg! With the sleeker styling, I do keep brushing my head against the top of the door each time I get in.
Love the car, except it uses oil. First 3000 miles, used two extra quarts, dealer says drive it and it will get better. Second 3500 miles, used one and a half extra quarts of oil. I quess this is better, but I don't think good. Dealer says keep watching it and one quart in 3000 miles is acceptable. Maybe to him but not to me. I ask that it be recorded on my record. Hope they did it. If it doesn't improve, I going to try going to Buick.
Purchased this 08 LaCrosse in April, 2008, have 20,000 on it already and love it! Got the base model, but it's a Buick! So it has all the creature comforts--power windows, door locks, and driver seat; cruise, tilt--and great gas mileage. Good git-up-and-go and plenty of room inside. Nice sized steering wheel for a womans hands. Only knock is the trunk is a little narrow to get a large suitcase into and out of easily, but I love the trunk release design! Overall, a great vehicle for the money. 
I have has a Pontiac for the past 12 years. I absolutely love my LaCrosse. Just a few enhancements that would make it even better! I think the passenger seat should be electric, just as the drivers seat is. Climate control vents in the rear would alson be a great feature as well. I know I make my right buying decision with the Buick. Thanks GM
Love my car. Rides smooth and is very quiet. Classy looking interior for the price.
I drive a lot, 5600 in the past month and a half. The gas mileage is great for the size of car, avg. city/hwy now 26.4. Straight highway-no air on, I got 29.9 over several hundred miles through hilly terrain. I love the ride
Bought a beautiful red Buick LaCrosse Super 2008 a month ago and it's everything I could have wanted. Previously had a 2005 Buick LaCrosse 2005 which I traded in for this. The Super is slightly roomier with more bells and whistles, including ultrasonic rear parking assistance. Both cars perform well in both city and highway. The Super has a bigger engine than the CXL. My husband, who loves German cars, loved the CXL and loves the Super with its 8 cylinders even more. In short, I would buy both LaCrosse CXL and Super all over again. Also get many compliments on how beautiful the car is.
We live 75 miles from the dealer, bought a 2008 la cross new. After 4 trips back to fix all the scratches, 5 trips back and forth for the vibration & also a set of new tires, we still have the vibration!They are telling me that it is the road surface and not the car, we are disappointed & I will turn it in as a lemon as it is!What a disgrace to the name of Buick, just read another unhappy person's review with the vibration problem in here too, need to take some action, what is going on? why do they blame the roads for a vibration in the car, it will be a Toyota for us, and that is to sad.
I am willing to bet that at 31, I am the youngest person to write a review on this car! LoL! My last vehicle was a Volvo S70, so don't think I am someone who blindly loves GM. When I heard Buick was #1 in reliability from JD Powers, I decided to check them out. It had everytihng I wanted; pleanty of options, under 25k, excellent record of reliability, V6 power, comfortable ride, etc. I was acutally looking at Volvo S40s and Audi A3s, but stopped by the Buick dealer on whim. Overall, the Buick had more HP and standard options than the others, but most importantly, it has a much better warranty! I liked the fact that Buick stands by their product for 100k miles! I am pleasently surprised!
I really enjoy this car, and I am 33. I had owned a 2006 Impala SS and had traded it after only 6 months because I averaged 22MPG. I then had a 2006 Grand Prix GT which was powerful, but had a stiff, uncomfortable ride. Every interior trim piece rattled. I just got this LaCrosse Super, and it is a major improvement over the Impala SS! Throttle response was tamed to you can ease away from stops. And, I am actually averaging 16MPG in the LaCrosse. Very quiet, great ride, and it handles very well for a Buick. Mine doesn't float and wallow and lean like other reviews have said. I'm very happy with this car, and the Red Jewel Tintcoat is the perfect color for this car!
We bought this Buick brand new with 1 mile on the odometer. When we test drove it. It had a vibration .The dealer said it was a tire out of balance and would be no problem to fix. We have had this car for 10 weeks now and have only drove it 10 days out of the 10 weeks now. This is the 4th time in the shop. It has been in the shop for the last 5 weeks now. This car has had the front end realined,the front axles changed, 2 sets of tires. If this is GMC best thin I will have to buy a import the next time. And one thing to add, it leaked on the passager side when it rained. We called GMC to complain and asked for a new car. 
I have owned Buicks for ten years (2000 Lucerne and current 2006 Lucerne CXL). Buicks have beed a preferred car in my family since 1935. The 2008 LaCrosse lives up to Buick's reputation for excellence in interior and exterior design. Handling is responsive (I have the optional ESC); performance is adequate; and interior road noise is minimal even at freeway speeds. Fit and finish is outstanding.
I've read the other review and wonder what car they are driving. Thankfully this is a lease car from my company, and I cannot wait to be rid of it. Seating is uncomfortable 6ft 170 lb male. Very poor gas mileage around 20. Buy a Honda Accord or a Ford 500/Taurus. Soft suspension, vague handling. Climate control is a real pain to work with, requires constant attention. Styling - misses the mark as compared to the others out there. Quality - cheap plastic, noise, etc. I rent cars almost every week as I travel, and get to drive SUV's, sedans, etc. The Saturns are better than this. How does GM get away with this trash? Same as a Chevy Impala, at least it looks slight better. 
I have had this car for about a week now and I'm really surprised. The styling is excellent. I like the front end more than i do the rear. I alwasy thought that Buick was styled for the elderly, but they sure proved me wrong with thier new line of cars. The interior could be desinged nicer, but overall it is very comfortable. The power is excellent too! There really isn't any turbo lag, so it's fun to just floor it.
Bought our car, in Flint, Michigan, left for our winter home in Arizona, and what a ride! We had forgotten how wonderful it is to drive and ride in a Buick. We took it in and got it all "gussied, " up and wow is it cute! It is not only pretty it is sharp! Added a sharp spoiler and now it's even more sharp. I get a kick out of tTger's commercial, "a Buick was always a car for my parents age." Well that fits us but this Buick of ours is not 1970! It is a ride that has no competition, and the 2008 we purchased, more than surpasses any other car on the road. 
Fuel economy is poor, but, I bought the car for performance. Great power and great handling. And the ride, compared to my 2002 Regal GS, is just fine. For an old man's car this one confers bragging rights.
Much will be a comparison of our 2008 Buick LaCrosse vs. our 2001 Century. Buick advertises a smoother, quieter ride. This has proven true. Our car come with the convenience package which gives us heated seats, lumbar support and much electronic instrumentation which is good, but hard to learn & understand. The LaCrosse I believe has a little less headroom over the door when getting in and out which has made it a little more difficult for my slightly stiff 80 year old 5'10" frame. The Century had directional lights which lit up the road in the direction you were turning, which we miss. The LaCrosse does not. The gas mileage has gone down considerably. 19.5 MPG vs. 23 mpg. Good car overall.
This vehicle is made for driving. The performance, braking and handling is superb. I have always been a Buick lover and I think Buick has outdone themselves on this one. Besides being very satisfied with it's handling, performance etc. I own a Red jewel Super with Cocoa interior. This is an absolute hot looking car too! My wife and I took it cross country on a route 66 trip all the way from Chicago to L.A. - what a ride! Very satisfied!
My wife and I both love this car, our second car is also a Buick with the 3800 V6. We now draw straws to see who gets to drive the LaCross. The car has better response than our other Buick and handles much better. The trim and design are second to none. We looked at a Honda and were undecided until we drove both. No question the Buick is a better ride and feel. The mpg is excellent on the highway, 27.5mpg, not as good in town though. Worth a look and even more worth a test drive.
Very luxurious. From its smooth as butter ride, to its whisper quiet and powerful engine. Love the bench seat and useful column gearshift uses less space. Everything looks, feels, and sounds solid. From the solid slam of the door and feel of the column gearshift sliding through each gear. Love the midnight blue and soft beige leather
This car really purrs. Quiet inside with a strong exhaust note. Accelerate to 65 and slam the brakes. Great stopping time, no pulling left/right. gGas mileage? Who cares. Finally an American car that really looks like something people will buy. Watch the reaction from Acura TL and Altima owners. That says it all.
We have about 2000 miles on it thus far. Our first Buick after years of only Japanese car purchases. We haven't been disappointed. The 2008 LaCrosse's redesigned front end reduces (or even eliminates) the "grandparents' car" look with a sleeker more attractive style. The comfort and convenience package is worth the price, which adds fold-down rear seats, heated front seats, and a few other amenities. Very nice. City mileage has averaged in the high teens or 20 mpg, and highway mileage in the 28-30 mpg range. The car rides smoother and quieter than any Camry/Altima we test drove, has great acceleration, and comes with many standard features you pay more for in the Japanese cars. 
At 1400 Miles so far I can honestly say I love my New Lacrosse. The LaCrosse CXL is very much a luxury car. Soft comfortable interior, very quiet on the road, lots of features, and a fantastic ride. Buick has firmed up the suspension from the LeSabres and it is a wonderful balance between good control and a smooth ride. No more floaty Buicks. I have had passengers comment that it rides as well as their much more expensive Audi. The 3.8L V6 provides ample pickup but is still quiet, and it should last a long time by reputation. It is a very enjoyable car to drive and well worth checking out. This car is not typical Buick of the past.
I love the car's handling and the ride. It's sharp and when I step on the gas pedal it is powerful. A car you can get into trouble with on the highway very easily. Great for long trip! However, as others have said, it doesn't live up to the posted MPG. I get 5 miles less in the city and 2 miles less on Hwy. A real gas hog.
My low oil level light came on and when I checked the oil it was only about a 1/4" showing on the stick. Called the dealer and took it in and they said the 2008 seals were changed and that I needed to have them taken out and replaced because of the oil level dropping. So hopefully changing these seals will solve my problems and I can depend on it for years to come. 
I purchased my first Buick in December 2007. I chose a LaCrosse CXS. After owning a Olds Intrigue, I wanted to see what Buick had to offer. What a surprise. I loved my Lacrosse with the V-6. It had power, luxury and was so much better built than my Olds. I heard that Buick was going to build the Super, so I waited and bought the one off the showroom floor. I gave my CXS to my son,he loves it and he is 21. What a wonderful car!. Buick and GM have finally put together a complete package of power,luxury,value and overall satisfaction you will not regret. I find my Super to be smooth comfortable and fun to drive. I like it better than my Caddy STS.This is no old man car, I drive 140 miles a day.
I'm told I was the first '08 LaCrosse Super owner in the state of Illinois. I couldn't be prouder of my new car. I think it should be considered a "baby boomers" dream car because of its powerful V-8 engine, luxurious leather seating, and all the bells and whistles you would ever want.
I was fortunate to be able to get the third Lax Super made at GM's highly acclaimed Oshawa assembly plant. So far, no problems to report. The car's acceleration, exhaust note, and seating comfort are great. It came fully loaded, except for the sunroof.
I wrote a review on this car (2008 Lucerne CX)in May of 2009 and here is an update. With the help of an Attorney, a Lemon Law Lawsuit was filed (June 2009) against Buick division regarding possible mechanical failure.(Steering rack/transmission/power steering unit) GM responded "You claim does not cover apperance issues, therefore your claim is denied. Appearance issues? Where did that come from? In addition, shortly after filing the lawsuit, GM filed bankruptcy and guess where that left me. NEVER AGAIN will I by GM junk. They lost a faithful customer who bought many of their cars/trucks over 35 years. 
Not much of an Automobile. Door Handle pulled out of door at 9000Miles, BBrake rotors warped at 5500 Miles, Dealer wanted to turn rotors and put old Brake Pads back on, Customer was of no assistance, paid for new pads and rotors out of my pocket, I have driven Buicks since 1965 and this is my last GM Car. Will definately buy Lexus Or Toyota Avalon. 
I have had three Mercs two Audis all mid to upper level. I brought a 2008 Lucerne CSX V8 and I am absolutely delighted with it - and would put it up against any car in its class. With what I have on my car - I would have to have paid a fortune in extras on the foreign models. Ultra quiet, fantastic build quality built to incredible tolerances. The Northstar engine is silky smooth. Very respectable mph for a V8 Exquisite lines no matter what angle you look at it. I would recommend anyone looking at a mid or full size saloon to "a least" take a test drive at your local Buick dealership. 
My lease ran out on a Jeep Cherokee and I was in the market for a BMW, Lincoln, Audi or Toyota. I stopped by my local GM dealer just to see what the Buick Lucerne was all about. It had all the amenities I wanted and I loved the ride and handling. I wanted a comfortable car and a safe car. I got a great deal because it is a 2008 and GM was in the midst of financial problems. I did not go to any other dealer. I knew what I wanted and got the price I wanted. I plan on keeping my Lucerne for a long time. As a road warrior, I want something safe and comfortable. I bought it. 
This is without a doubt the best car I have ever owned. I have owned Cadillac's Olds, and Pontaic's over the years and some of them were bad. It is a shame that it took GM this long to wake up and build a car of the caliber
Bought as a replacement as I wrecked my 07' saturn vue. 08' Lucerne CX was a dealer demo with approx. 2,400 miles on it. Started to hear a rattle/buzzing noise within the first month coming from the front end area. Brake lights stayed on until I went to the dealer for the repair. Dealer replaced a fuel line problem as there was a GM bulletin on that. To date, I have had the car in 5 times for the rattle and still rattles/buzzes. I'm "disenchanted" with this Buick. I'm going to try the rattle repair one more time.....then I'll contact GM personally. (They probably won't care/ or respond) Dealer has been sympathetic to my issue anyway. I'm going to buy Honda next time.
Trading in my 2000 Lesabre with 142000 miles I expected a big improvement> Not so! Rattle in front end, trunk doesn't open but half way, wind noise is terrible, engine has no power> Quiet tune? they must have forgotten to do this one, 67 MPH very annoying drive train noise. sun visors not even close to what was on the 2000. Mileage is not as good either. can't reach door handles to close doors. Plastic push pins used in many places all loose. 
I love this car. It is just a few weeks old, but has everything I wanted in a new car. The ride is unmatched. I tested a Ford Fusion because they said it drove as nice as a Buick. They were wrong. The Lucerne glides across rough road. It has plenty of pickup. The controls are well positioned for easy access. Plenty of leg room for stretching out. The 2008 version does not have bluetooth phone, and that I miss. I understand that 2009 does have that. The fan has plenty of power to cool or heat. I do wish that it had more power connections for things like iPods. The dash is a little hard to see in the daylight. Auto headlights is great. On Star is just amazing. Just a great car.
I have owned many Buicks but this will be the last. I`ve had nothing but trouble. Poor mileage 15-23, acclerator problems,power seat, steering noise, ext temp., worst of all it has left me setting 3 times with a no start, and had to be hauled in on a flatbed. This all has happened in only 4500 miles. I have lost all confidence in GM. I wish I had never traded. Had an 05 LaSabre that was a very good car. Got 23-30 for mileage with no problems, I wish I could say the same for the LuCerne.
Got a great deal on a leftover new Super ($31.7k out the door) when my '07 DTS was pulled ahead by GM. Ride has softened somewhat with break-in, but the magnetic ride control is still firmer than in my DTS. Knew I would have to replace the standard Bridgestone tires in order to make the ride acceptable. Replaced tires with Goodyear Assurance Comfortreds (235/55/18) which adds about 1/2 inch to the tires diameter and about 1/4 inch to the car's ride height. The tires made a big difference when compared to the hard riding and noisy Bridgestones. The car, at 2,600 miles, gets about 18 mpg combined vs. 20 mpg with the DTS. This may be due to the performance tuning and the final drive ratio.
Currently own 7 vehicles and decided it was time to update my people hauler a '97 Park Avenue. Picked the car up in Texas and followed my brother (a current Lexus and Volvo and prior Mercedes owner) and his quote "I love it, the most awesome car I have ever driven". A good friend who is a SCCA licensed instructor drove and quote Man this is a Vette with a back seat. My impression: The V8 fumbles just enough without being intrusive,interior is spacious and eye appealing and I have yet to find the body roll or the brake fade the "reviewer" mentions. Comparing to another friends Bimmer 5 series it is quicker, quiter, and handles as well. CXS a luxo-cruiser that can gallop. 
I bought the Lucerne CXS after shopping higher end cars (Mercedes, Jag) and feel that I got a better car for about half the price. The NorthStar V8 engine is smooth and has more power than you could ever need. I get 19mpg town/26mpg hwy. The magnetic ride control suspension and 18" wheels make for tight, sporty handling around town and a smooth, sure footed ride on the Interstate. The interior is incredibly quiet, well laid out, and the materials are soft. The leather bucket seats are the most comfortable seats I've ever been in and between the seat adjustments and tilt/telescoping steering wheel the car is able to be adjusted to comfortably accommodate both me, I'm 6'1", and my wife, 5'3".
In '06 we traded in a high mileage Park Avenue for a Chev Malibu which I regretted from day one. This year that car was traded in for a Lucerne and all is well again! The fit and finish, quietness and comfort are even better than the old Park Ave. It is solid and so very inviting to drive. 
This car is far & away the best car I have ever owned, so far so good! The only fault is the speedometer is hard to read in daylight, and the visors have no extensions and I'm told none are available. It's too bad GM had to wait this long to build this type of quality in a car.
I am a 30 year Buick owner. Lucerne - the seat design engineer must have been an idiot or it is the first seat he has designed. The padding on each side of the seat is totally insufficient. Furthermore, the side of the seat is too high which results in the seat bottoming on the side of the seat frame, making a totally poor comfort. Otherwise, I am totally satisfied with my Lucerne CXL.
The 2008 CXL is an excellent sedan, with high mechanical reliability. It has adequate power, very comfortable, the design is most attractive and is a pleasure to drive. If you want a special long distance traveling vehicle, consider the Lucerne, it is comfortable and reliable.
This car is very quiet and comfortable. I previously owned an Olds 88 LSS and this is by far a better car. The heated seats are great in the winter. The sound system is good. The build quality is excellent. I have not found one flaw in the car yet after putting 6000 miles on it. No squeaks or squawks. This is a well designed car, built to last. The 3.8L V6 engine in the CXL has a cast iron oil pan. That's how rugged the engine is built. All previous 3.8L GM engines that I am familiar with have a formed sheet metal oil pan. This one is cast iron with cross members bolted to it. Built reliable like an aircraft engine.
The 2008 Buick Lucerne CXL is an excellent vehicle. Build quality is high, performance is adequate to high, reliability is high, and value for money is high. Would recommend and purchase, again, this model. 
Traded a 96 Caddy for this in May. After driving a few days, found that the transmission whines loudly in the 15- 30 MPH range. This is the 4T80E transverse transmission which only comes with the 292 on the Super and the Cadillac DTS. GM has a bulletin out on this but a design change projected for early August did not come through. Totally unsatisfactory. GM knew about this way back in 2007 but didn't tell anybody. All other aspects of the car are really good except, as noted below and disappointing MPG. My Caddy got over 30 MPG on flat land and this only gets 25. My 1984 Olds 98 still gets 27. I guess that's progress for you. 
A couple of years ago I bought a used 2006 Lucerne and was so pleased with it, I bought a new 2008, I am a big, long legged man, so the first thing I look for in a car is driver leg room and comfort. The Lucerne abounds in them. It's ubiquitous 3.8 litre engine provides all the power one could want unless they are a "drag racer" and the car handles beautifully. I have always gotten 27.5 MPG on the road which amazes me in that big a car. I am 72 years old and have owned many cars, foreign and domestic, and the Lucerne is the most satisfactory one I have ever owned.
Have driven Cadillacs for over 27 yrs, my last being a 2001 DHS. First Buick ever. My Buick Super is giving me excellent performance. No wind noise. Fuel economy is what is to be expected with a 292 HP Northstar engine, (20mpg city driving) and absolutely fun to drive. A great many options comes with this vehicle. I've also saved several thousand by buying the Buick over the Cadillac with just about all the same options. Completely satisified 
I think the car rides hard, as if it had too much air in the tires. I guess it needs to break in. I also would like better acceleration. This is my 4th car with the 3800V6 and it's the slowest off the line. Yeah, I know it ain't no hotrod but it's not your Grandpa's Buick either! Overall, Im happy with the car.
This car was a demo with 6000 miles on it when I got it. I have been very happy with the overall performance and ride. I just took a road trip to the Jersey shore and I got 25mpg doing 70 mph. I Have the 3800 V-6, good motor history. I did have problems with noise front brakes when I first got it but the dealer changed out the pads and its been fine.
Was looking to trade in our 2007 Yukon for something with better MPG and picked the Buick. Was worried about sitting low in a car, but the car is great. Has more power then the Yukon and a better ride. The car is getting allot of looks and people have stopping me in the grocery store parking lot and asking, "is that a Buick?" The car handles great, and the MPG in town on the first tank is 16.9 MPG. My wife loves it more ever time she drives it and she loved her Yukon. The nav system and radio took a little time to understand the options. 
I am 6'4", my wife is 6'2", my 12 year old son is 5'10" and my 8 year old daughter is 5' 4". Clearly, front and rear head and leg room were the most important features in our buying decision. I had never owned a Buick before but I must say that I am very pleased with this one. No other car in it's class has the same mix of size, comfort and convenience. And it is so incredibly quiet! I absolutely love it. he V6 engine has plenty of power for the kind of driving I do - short commutes and the occasional interstate road trip. I got the bench front seat which really lets me stretch out on long trips.
This is our sceond Buick. I am very pleased with the quality of construction. The sound-proofing is so good that I can't tell whether the engine is running when stopped at a traffic signal. Bought car in New Orleans and drove almost 200 miles home on a 1/4 of a tank. The gas needle didn't move until we had driven 107 miles. I'll keep buying Buicks as long as they keep making them like this. A very nice car for the money.
This has been a great vehicle so far. After looking for several months for a replacement to our Chrysler 300 we settled on the Lucerne. We have not been disappointed. A great smooth ride and quieter than any other car in its class. I am 6'4" and room was important. This car gives it. The power of the Northstar is impressive without giving up too much gas mileage. It is not as responsive thru the transmission or the steering wheel as the Chrysler 300 but the ride far out weighs that loss.
Use this car as my sales office. Had a 2005 Lacross CXS, wanted a bit more room. Ride is very quiet and comfortable. Handling is what you would expect from a luxury cruiser of this size and price. The V6 is suprisingly quick and have never felt underpowered merging on the Freeway, once at cruising speed you have to watch your speed because 90 sounds and feels like 70. Memory seats, heated steering wheel and seats and very comfortable and supportive seats makes long distance drives easy. Get it with the premium sound system, worth the money. 
I purchased a Buick Lucerne in April of 2008. This is an outstanding car. If you need a full size sedan that comfortably seats 4-5 people...some of them 6 ft 6 inches tall, and rides so smooth and quiet you wonder if the car is running.. you should get this car. I have several kids in college and I have to drive them 5-7 hours one way to get them to school and visit them during the year. A comfortable roomy car was essential. None of the foreign cars could comfortably seat my son who is 6'6". He either hit his head on the ceiling or had no place for his legs. The Buick was perfect. Quality is outstanding. Performance is excellent even with the 6 cyl engine. Mileage is averaging 21 mpg.
The car has a great ride. It really is underpowered for its size. Tried to merge onto a highway and get out of the way of a truck almost got ran over. The standard radio is not very good either. Replaced the air filter with a k&n got 27 mpg on the highway. I liked the rain sensing wipers. They went faster or slower depending on how hard it was raining. 
I have been an SUV guy for a while and really shopped hard for a larger car before deciding on the Lucerne. I drove several comparably priced imports and found nothing that offered the luxury of the Lucerne as well as the roominess. I also drove a Caddy STS. A nicer car, but much more money. I found the CXS Lucerne holds its own pretty well against the Caddy. The styling is elegant inside and out without being boring or too "mature" looking. The car handles well and has plenty of power. The Northstar engine has all the pickup I could ever want. By far, a must have on this car. The ride is quiet and comfortable. I have not given anyone a ride in this car who hasn't commented positively.
Traded my 2003 Deville DHS for it. I like the styling, car looks nice with the 18 inchers. Ride is better than my old Deville and the seats are more comfortable also. The handling and steering are tight with the magnetic ride control and steering. The acceleration seems much better than the Deville too.
What a quiet ride. When you start the engine, the growl is so calm, you have to check if it's started. Love the pearly white. Also the bench seat where I stretch out and know I'm not going to hit the shifter. The 3.8 liter engine is enough for me. The engine is so quiet, I caught myself on the freeway going 95 mph. Very comfortable
I love this car. It has everything I need and is beautiful to drive and to look at. All the options are very useful and interior room and comfort are great too.
The Lucerne is quiet, and comfortable. It's as good as any import in its class, probably better. I do miss the 30 MPG highway and 20 plus city I got with our Park Avenues with the 3.8 engine. The best so far is 27MPG freeway driving and 17 city with this CXL. 
I have owned many Buicks over the years. They have all been great cars, but this one may be the best. I love the looks, the smooth, quiet ride, and the quality finish. I have had the car for more than three months now and have driven almost 6,000 miles. I am still enjoying it. 
Since purchasing this vehicle and driving it 1500 miles the gas pedal drives me crazy. with the slighest touch the tack will jump 500 rpm and drop the same just from driving on a rough road. Cruise control on takes the problem away. dealer says buick has no fix and says it is caused by drive by wire system. I have two other cars with this system and they are OK. Rides rough on bumpy roads compared to Lexus ES330
I am a big man (60" waist 32" inseam) so finding a vehicle that I fit in is the first step. I am quite comfortable with plenty of leg room, its a little squeeze in and out but I took it for a 300 mile drive and thoroughly enjoyed it. I love the heated steering wheel and seats, and that was something that I really didn't want but to get the features I wanted they came on the car. The turning radius is not as tight as I would prefer. The blind side alert and lane alert work quite well. Those are two feature I wanted. The night driving is excellent, my old vehicle had too much reflection and glare. I hope to drive this for a long time, my first two tanks of gas are in the 20 mpg range. 
Bought the Buick because of the "quiet interior" advertising and ratings. Interior has an annoying rattle under the dash (started at 1400 miles). Dealer did not get it fixed when brought in for repair. "I think we fixed it, but if it still rattles, bring it back". I expected more from Buick. Every day I hear the rattle and I am dissipointed. If not for that, I would be very satisfied. The vehicle rides nice and handles well, and the price is reasonable for what you get.
The Buick Lucerne CXL is the best Buick or car that we have ever had. The quality of the fit finish is outstanding. A super quite ride with none of the road noise gives you a refreshing finish after driving it daily or on a long trip. We have 9 vehicles one other 2007 and 5 restored colector cars that have all one best of show or people's choice.
As a Buick owner for years now and wanting something "different" I went to Nissan,Toyota and Honda . They were nice but I didn't like the idea of them saying "the cars sell good so we don't have to drop our prices " and another one said "Hay , try it if you want ,or don't , I don't care " made me realize I would try out a Buick again . I just drove it on small local trip, maybe 200 mile round trip and sure enjoy the comfort . The driving of this Cx model is a joy and I feel very safe with the options included. The V6 has enough power ,the gas mileage is great(27 mpg) and yes I have standard options on this that I would've had to pay thousands for on the "other" cars. this is an aswome car.
great performence with the 4.6L NorthStar. The fully loaded CXS is a true luxury car for a cheap price.
I have owned over 20 new cars so far and the 2008 CTS is Number 1 on my list of cars that I've owned! Its great distinctive styling and great looks, fabulous interior, great reliability and super handling makes it fun to drive and a real joy to own! Cadillac and GM have really done a great job on this car! The attention to detail and build quality is the best I've experienced! The interior in the CTS is truly a work of art! If you haven't considered or test driven the new CTS, you are not being fair to yourself and your missing one of the best car choices out there! The CTS is a super overall package especially with its great all wheel drive option! Give it a try and see for yourself!
After looking at several cars (BMW 330xi, Mercedes Benz C230 & Audi A4) we decided to go with a CTS4 as I've been a Caddy fan for years. The 3.6L DI is exceptional, fun to drive and the overall build quality is something I'm not used to from GM. There are several flaws in the vehicle that I'm experiencing (minor) such as the express close moonroof doesn't actually close on it's own and the steering has a light clicking when turning. One major disappointment for me comes not from the car, but from GM. Our nearest Cadillac dealership is 2.5 hrs away; somewhat a nuisance when repairs are necessary, especially when we have about 4 GM dealers in the area. 
In less than 24 months of ownership car has spent over 6 weeks in the shop being repaired or awaiting parts for a repair. 2008 CTS has had issues with timing chains. Cadillac had to redisgn the part because of high failure rates according to the Cadillac representatives I have spoken too. In addition, I have had persistent keyfob issues, accelerator sensor failures, nicked wiring harness, etc. Cadillac has been less than sympathetic about the LEMON they sold me. The car has been in the shop so often, it probably knows the route by heart. 
I have a fully loaded 08, the back deck where the speakers are rattles terribly, along with bad back struts that rattle louder than the deck. people that ride with me think I have a bunch of empty paint cans in the trunk rolling around! Everything squeaks from the sunroof to the chairs. Plus the service hours are terrible at the dealer.
This car has been incredible since owning it; gets more looks and comments than any car I've ever owned. Sure, the mileage isn't great, but I didn't buy this to save a few $ on fuel. Interior is SO quiet, build quality is fantastic, and it's a pleasure to drive. In fact, my wife and I fight over who gets to drive it when we go out! We chose the black on black, which really sets the car off. Absolutely stunning to look at. With regards to comfort, I'm 6'5" and have no worries in the drivers seat. Would suggest winter tires for the snow as it is rear drive, but otherwise not a problem. Would buy another one in a heartbeat. LOVE IT!
I bought my '08 CTS in August of 2008 as a demo car, so it already had about 5k miles on it. Have had no major problems or defects. The DI engine is awesome, especially when you use premium gas. There are a few rattles that come from the dash and the driver's seat does do some squeaking, especially when the leather is cold. My only complaint has been the brakes, which started squeaking about a month after I bought it. Dealer tells me it's because of the parts used and GM should have a replacement out by January '09 - but it's May and still no way to stop the squeaking. Brakes work fine though. Overall, very happy with my purchase - it's a beautiful car, fun to drive, and a really good price.
I bought this car just over a year ago. Love the 40 gig hard drive, and nav system with the traffic reports. The car is very comfortable to drive, and handling and acceleration are better than average. The CTS is a sharp looking car inside and out, and the build quality is better than my last two cars, a Mercedes and a Jag. One of the best cars I've owned.
I purchased a fully loaded 2008 CTS w/ DI brand new and ended up trading it in about 5k miles later. So you can see where this is going. Overall the car was great, fun the drive, and looked very nice. But after 6 dealer visits and a few annoying issues unresolved, it had to go. The big issue with this CTS and ALL of the CTS's I tested was poor build quality and materials. Every piece of plastic squeaks in the car from the center stack, to center console, to the cheap "chrome" bezel on the IP. Like rattles? Plenty of those around the sunroof, doors, etc. This is not what I or anybody expects from GM's 'best' car they are offering for sale right now. If GM can fix that, they might survive. 
Love the car when it's not in the warranty service shop. Have 24,000 miles on it, and it has had two major repairs. First, at 12k miles, the cheap plastic clips that hold up the wiring harness broke in cold weather and the fan destroyed the harness. Then after the check engine light came on at 24k, and the inferior timing chain had to be replaced. Now, I;m told the service codes indicate the cam/crank misalignment. Pretty sad for GM's "flagship" car line. Then there's been constant leaks in the door seals (repaired three times), which whistle above 40 MPH. The premium Bose sound is a disappointment This is my 1st & last Cadillac.
Delivery 3/29/08 Dead Battery Toe in adjusted Steering Column replaced Wipers started, heating fluid light came on and sprayed for two minutes two times in two months and then never happened again. One of the two horns stopped working 2 weeks later they worked Air conditioned seats stopped working 2) Days later Air conditioned seats started working Dead Battery jumped roadside Dead Battery jumped roadside Bolt Rolling around head liner Dead Battery caddy said battery OK Dead Battery roadside replaced ad cleaned corrosion Bolt Rolling around head liner Touch Pad broke off trunk Back windows don?t work (said it was fine) nothing repaired came out with the same problems
Haven't owned an American car in years, but after reading reviews, decided to give it a try. My previous car was an '06 Audi A6. Very impressed with this new Cadillac...the CTS has an amazing ride-handling combination, great power with the DI engine, and awesome looks. The perceived quality is on par (if not better) with the top German and Japanese offerings. Time will tell about long term reliability.
I've had my '08 CTS for about a month now, and the commercials are spot on - this car turns me on every time I fire it up. It's a real head turner, and I've gotten more looks and thumbs ups than with any other car. Mine has the 6 speed w/ DI engine, and most every option available. I say most options because one that I really wanted - AWD, was not available with the stick. I test drove the G35X, BMW 335iX, Audi A4 Quattro and finally the CTS and it was love at first sight. The CTS is really that good, and a bit bigger than the others. I really wanted AWD and I might have a different opinion after the snow falls, but I'm planning in investing in a decent set of snow tires. We'll see..
Once was a true blue American car buyer. During a period with no contract, I sold Toyotas and bought into the foreign car hype. However, something about the engines never gave me the feel of muscle in the engines of an American. This car has the get up and go I grew up with, yet the luxury I've grown to expect. I have the 304 DI with the Performance package which combined really gives a superior driving experience. And oh, BTW Sunset Blue has chameleon characteristics that may make you not recognize your car depending on the time of day and/or the light it's in. I love it.
Suspension on this car might be the best I have ever driven. The balance between handling and overall comfortable ride is spectacular. MPG has surprised as well with 22 combined!
Waited 7 weeks and 1 day for cars arrival after factory order. Even though I had seen hundreds of photos in magazines and television ads, I was stunned by the car's beauty and design in person. And this is from a guy that owns an 07 MB S550 and 06 MB CLS500. The White Diamond paint is outstanding as is the build quality. The interior is excellent as well. I can't imagine anyone not being pleased with this vehicle. I got on the freeway and opened it up a bit and was very happy with the response and smoothness of the egine and transmission. Kudos to General Motors.
Already owned 2 Cadillacs and had no intentions of replacing my 2004 CTS with another Cadillac. However, my dealer called me when the 2008 came in and insisted I drive it. Needless to say I feel in love and I couldn't pass up the deal. GM finally blew me away with this car and kept me as a customer. Purchased a fully loaded Crystal Red with the 3.6 Direct Inject engine. This is truly an amazing car and far succeeds the previous models and certainly is a competitor to BMW, Lexus, Mercedes, etc. 
We bought this loaded 2008 CTS to replace our base model 2004 CTS. What a huge step up! Ours is exactly like the Crystal Red CTS4 seen in all of the ads. This car draws a great deal of attention when we are out in it. An 800 mile road trip in the first week of ownership proved to be a most pleasurable drive. The car handles like a sports cars and the 304 HP V6 sure feels like a V8. The ride is Cadillac quality but with a nice sporty road feedback. All of the chatter about the sunroof letting in too much light proved to be a non- issue. Even with the light Cashmere interior the sun shade blocked out the sun's rays just fine. This is a truely great car to own! 
Be prepared to be impressed - from putting on some of Cadillac's color options - to the extensive standard equipment, all are better on this car. If the same level of attention paid in planning then building this car can be transfered to others in the GM Family - watch out world for market share will return back to the USA! 
Came off a lease of an Audi A4. The CTS was a new design for 08, which was appealing. Seriously considered the BMW 335xi also. Having more rear leg room and supporting an American company were the deciding factors. However, build quality of my A4 was much better than the CTS. Have already had the CTS in for steering (wheel shakes) and navigation problems. Spending 4 hours at the dealership with a two week-old $48,000 vehicle is quite discouraging. Steering feels "disconnected" from car at times, especially during aggressive driving. Fuel-injectors make a noticeable, annoying hum. Thanks go to a great stereo to mask this. Upon close inspection, my black paint has factory flaws.
Leased an '03 and then an '05. The new '08 improves on every aspect of the CTS both the good and the not so good. Huge improvements in the interior. Ride, suspension, handling all even better than before, and the handling was already great. I'm delighted to see GM's initial success in design mature so well. Growing up, I loved Caddies so it's satisfying to be driving one as a grown up. (Brings out the teen in me when I'm behind the wheel.) My CTS is, without any exceptions or explanations, every bit as good or better than what Mercedes, BMW, Audi, Lexus and Infiniti can turn out for the money. That's improtant to me, since it would be great to keep driving cars like this made by GM.
I have owned quite a few cars over the past 20 years all in the luxury market. I do alot of driving a year with pharm. sales. I would say in my experience this is one of the best cars I've driven for the money. Great performance and handling, easy to use features, feels luxury unlike in my opinon the previous CTS. An awesome ride.
I'm a loyal Toyota customer who is grateful for heeding the advice to test drive the all new 2008 Cadillac CTS after nearly committing to purchasing a 2008 Toyota Avalon XLS. The 2008 CTS is far superior in quality, performance, and handling. That's right, the 2008 Cadillac CTS walked all over the Avalon for quality Three out of four Avalons I considered had very noticeable interior fit-and-trim problems. While the Avalon was very capable and pleasant to drive, there wasn't anything outstanding about the vehicle. On the other hand, the CTS provided me with an instant "WOW" experience in the road. This vehicle is fun to drive and the handling and suspension is outstanding.
They finally woke up after 20 years in Detroit! CTS 300HP 6 Cylinder is an outstanding engine. Good power throughout, with better than expected MPG at 22MPG combined on CTS computer system. Seats and ride are absolutely above BMW and Mercedes. For the money this is an unbelievable buy! This car is outstanding, Congratulations to GM Detroit, they still have some talent left in those hallways!
Driving a Caddy (or any GM) never even entered our minds. We'd driven Infiniti, Lexus, and had left. Really liked what we'd driven so far. Stopped in to get the payoff on our Hummer trade-in. A black CTS in the showroom had (afater market) 20" chrome wheels and a feature set at least $6 - $10K better than Lexus and BMW. Just to be thorough, we drove it. Amazing ride. Stunning. I'm still smiling. Everything everybody is saying. I just kept thinking, "This is a Caddy?" I couldn't beleive it. Only several days later, but I'm still giddy. I love this car. Fast, smooth, quiet, responsive, corners on rails. There isn't enough room in this review space. Trust me: drive this car! 
Great car all around. I've been looking for 4months, BMW, MB, Lexus and this one beats them hands down! Performance, quality, and value. This is my first Caddy and I'm proud
This car rocks! It's the red one on TV and magazine covers; I got it fully featured, but opted for the Auto vs Manual shift. It replaced my '03 CTS that I loved (and so did my BMW-owning friends....more room!) I obliged my Mercedes and Audi loving relatives by considering them, but hands down this CTS packs more punch/value for every buck. I find it a smooother ride than the Europeans. It has more useful features than my cousin's limited edition Audi that cost $80K. He said he has no iPod connector nor USB port, nor 36 preset channels, nor as much room in the back seat for clients as I do. The teenagers in my neighborhood went crazy over it. Talk about not being Dad's car anymore!
My new CTS is awesome! I've had it for just about a month and now have 2K miles on it. It's a thrilling ride and looks gorgeous. When I bought my CTS I researched and test drove all the major competitors (BMW 3 Series, Mercedes C Class, etc.) and the CTS beat them all in drive, HP, leg room (I'm 6' 2" and have enough room to even sit in the back) and in looks. This is my first Caddy but won't be my last.
I was considering the 3-series, 5- series, and Acura TL in addition to this vehicle. I'd have been happy with any of them I think, but the CTS had that extra bit. The technology was abundant and easy to use. The performance was amazing on twisty lake side roads. I've driven it about a 1000 miles so far on business trips and my customers gush over it and I sit in comfort the whole while. Get the air conditioned seats! I also appreciated the DFI engine over the standard and am getting about 28 mpg on the freeway. 20 mpg in town.
I've only had the car for 2 weeks, but it's been my dream car for years and I waited for the 2008s as I heard they were much improved. I love this car more than I ever imagined I would. It's quiet, comfortable, easy to drive and everyone stops to look at it. The sunset blue color is really something to look at.
This car has not disappointed us. We have had it for one month now. The car is very quiet; we cannot understand how anyone could have any complaints about noise. One disappointment: our car needed service during the first week we had it (fuel gauge was inaccurate and we ran out of gas on first trip...showed 1/4 tank when it was actually empty. Static electricity must have fried a chip or something. This problem was fixed by dealer service in a few days).
Went to buy an STS but settled on the CTS instead. Love the sunroof with sunshade. The performance, economy, and handling are unbelievable in this car. Transmission very smooth. Got 26 miles to the gallon on first tank. Form and fit and interior design are way ahead of the competition. Thanks GM. Traded a 2005 SRX. 
Great car! Most outstanding interior of any American car. Exterior looks a little too flashy and front bumper is a little low, but still a classy looking car. Terrific build quality (way to go GM) and great driving characteristics. Nice to see Cadillac come to market with new technology like great nav system, "TiVO-like audio" and voice command. Disappointing to not see Bluetooth even offered - I bought on the promise that it will be retrofitted.
I can't get over the features this car packs. The hard drive is fantastic. The power and fuel economy together are both unbelievable. I liked it for the exterior, but I love it for the interior. And it actually has good rear seat room. This is clearly Caddy's 5-series, but it feels more like a 3-series driving down the road (the curvier the better!)
My 2004 CTS lease was up and I was contemplating a SRX for the reliability in the snow. I decided to drive the 2008 CTS-4 and was amazed at the improvements. Both interior and exterior this is a superior car to the 2004-07 versions. Even though I got the standard engine, it still has more muscle than what my 2004 had. I was really thinking SUV, but once I drove the CTS it was a no-brainer. I like everything about it, the cabin looks like a fighter jet cockpit, the controls are easy to navigate, and find. The body is rounder and has a more muscle car look to it versus the boxy earlier versions. Be careful! If you drive it, you may not be able to resist getting it.
This car just rode from Miami Beach to St. Augustine Florida, directly after pickup from the dealer. The straight line handling compares to train rails, almost unbelievable engineering from Cadillac/GM. We hated getting out of the car after 5 hours! Total joy, as you will swear your driving a V-8. This is the sweetest V-6 we have have ever driven for extended trips.
Unbelievable! Who needs the bmw 3, A4, or MB c class. This car looks amazing, it drives likes its got attitude. I have the 304 hp model with rear wheel dr. Fully loaded with the luxury package and navigation. The only thing this car is missing is blue tooth. there is zero road noise, you can only hear the engine at higher revs. 
Likes: (1)Price (2)American brand (3)Style improvement over outgoing model Dislikes: (1)Started making rattles from center console (perhaps from fan) within first 1000 mile (2)Noisy engine at idle (3)Screaming engine at full acceleration (4)Terrible sound system for base model (5)Very few options for base model (6)Handsfree bluetooth should be a standard feature
Fully optioned: AWD, black with black, DI 300hp engine. MSRP is $48,090. Which btw u cannot properly configure on Edmunds as the options they list differ somewhat then what Caddy actually will do. Without question the car draws attention. Ride is smooth & very tight though w/18" wheels expect to get plenty of road feel; which is a new experience with Caddy. I extensively test drove the BMW 5 & 3 series and this car matches them in >95% of handling characteristics. A- Trans is like silk. Extremely minor flaw in fit, but it would only be noticed by perfectionists :). Rides very quiet, except on hard accel where you hear it growl. Motortrend said motor is rough at idle, but mine is smooth
Picked up '08 CTS last day of August for my wife, wanted her to have the first one! This vehicle is outstanding. Tight, quiet, responsive with beautiful fit and finish. Ride is "just right", not too harsh and not too soft. Handling is superb. Feel sorry for those who paid thousands more for BMW's and Mercedes and got less car for the money.
Replaced my 2005 STS with the CTS. CTS is more comfortable, more "gadgets", more fun to drive, turns more heads than my STS ever did.
Baby boomer who's never owned a new American built car (or any American car other than the old Pontiac I had in high school). Owned 2 BMW 530i's and a C280 Mercedes before that. Happy to see that there's an American car that finally measures up. Is it perfect - no? Probably the only car in its class not to have bluetooth, but OnStar is GM's baby so I can live with my bluetooth earpiece and use the OnStar when needed. What I am impressed with is the styling, performace, and functionality. Got the 3.6DI with 304 horses and its definitely quicker than the 530i. The audio with XM and 40GB hard drive and centerpoint surround sound is sweet. Escalade-like styling makes it. 
I have now had my 2008 CTS for about 10 days. I took delivery of a black with black leather with the 304 horsepower engine and all wheel drive that also has the 18 inch wheel package with all season tires and the upgraded suspension, etc. I also have the premium luxury collection (PDQ) that includes almost every option available on the car. For background, I have owned the Lexus 400 series, the BMW 7 series, the BMW 5 series, the Audi A6 4.2, the Audi A8 and a number of other similar cars. This car is every bit as nice, particularly when you compare the price This car is fantastic. It is beautiful inside and out and the stereo and nav functions are great and easy to use. Go see it!
The new CTS is a beast of a different kind. The car is completely redesigned but maintains the characteristics of the legendary first generation. The front view of the car is aggressive, low to the floor, and makes a statement before you arrive at your destination. The interior is by far the best, even topping BMW and Mercedes brands (which we were considering). The driving experience is stiff, responsive and very comfortable. A simple tap to the right of the shifter sends the car into sport mode and all 304 horses awaken to tear up the asphalt. Only one way to describe our experience thus far- Pure Gold.
I picked up the ride on Saturday afternoon and spent the rest of the day "oohing and aahing" and getting lots of looks from other drivers. I went from a BMW 325 and was very surprised by how well the car handled. I expected a big drop off in handling and there was none. Oh, and this car moves. I had smooth power and plenty of torque. If you're not careful, you'll eclipse the speed limit quickly. All this with an extremely quiet interior. The interior is beautiful--especially at night! The ambient lighting absolutely makes a huge impression. I like the HID steerable headlamps and if I'm not mistaken the back up lamps are HID as well. This is my first Caddy and I'm in love! 
Traded in my '04 GTO 6sp. 5.7 litre for my first Caddy ever. I was sold on the little Bimmer or maybe even a Lexus but happened by the Cadillac dealer on the way to buy one or the other. Fell in love with the CTS4, took it home yesterday. First trip was to Ann Arbor for dinner last night, beautiful ride! 
I absolutely love my 2008 CTS. I chose a 6 speed manual with the direct injection (304 hp) and for the power it gets amazing fuel economy. I have not had one single problem with this car since I drove it off the dealer lot. The cabin is comfortable, quiet and has lots of goodies to play with. Th exterior literally makes heads turn. The materials are high quality and the design is flawless.
I just purchased this car from a private party, a good friend so I know it has been treated well. What a surprise. The car is fantstically put together. Weleld esigned and executed. An absolute pleasure to drive. Looking forward to a very lengthy relationship.
Everything is fine with this car except the brakes have been squealing from day one. Initially, I was told that the problem was due to weather conditions, but eventually a dealership in Texas informed me that the quality of the metal used to make the brakes was inferior, and there was nothing to be done to resolve the problem, except to replace the brakes in hopes of getting some that do not squeak. I have been waiting for the new brakes for over three weeks. It is disheartening to be driving such a car and the brakes sound so terrible. 
Have owned Audi, Jag, Acura, and Infiniti. The 2008 CTS has them all beat in terms of overall performance and comfort. Averaging 2,000 miles per month of combined city/hwy driving with overall fuel economy of 22 mpg on reg gas. AWD has handled the lake effect snow in Buffalo with no problem and highway driving is more fun and just as comfortable as a Q45. 
Disappointed, and surprised. Others don't agree. My father picked up the newly redesigned CTS last year as his third Cadillac. As I am a huge BMW fan, the 2008 CTS falls way behind. First, big improvement over the embarrassing interior design of the first CTS, but the looks deceived me. When I drove the car, I was disappointed in many things. The driver's seat is too tight and not appropriate for a luxury car. The dashboard looks beautiful, but its functionality is poor, and again too tight a fit. Acceleration is typical GM, jumpy with an intense torque if you don't have a gentle-minded foot. The dealer-installed rear bumper proximity beeper is downright annoying.
Great car! I have owed many fast cars but this one is fast, corners like crazy and is a great luxury vehicle at the same time! I am getting 20 mpg around town and 26-28 on the highway! Mine has the F2 suspension with the direct Injection. If this car holds together like I think it will I will buy another (assuming GM is still in business).
Easily the best car that I have ever owned. Have driven 3,000 miles the first two weeks that I have owned it. Fantastic ride, gas mileage, styling. Never thought that I would actually love a car. I was wrong. Would recommend it to anyone.
Looked at BWM 3 and 5, Audi A5, Infiniti G37, Lexus IS350. All nice cars, but the CTS is better. Traded in 3-series for CTS. Although exterior looks are subjective, this is one of most compelling-looking cars in the modern era. Interior is fabulous, as well. Nav system and hard drive are well-designed and easy to use. The pop up function for the nav is a great touch, as is the ability to display the radio info without popping up the nav. Ergonomics are excellent. I find myself looking forward to long trips - it just eats the miles. Glad to finally be able to buy an American car again without compromise. This car reflects serious attention to detail, baked in from lessons learned.
My 2008 CTS AWD is now 15 months old and still drives great but I'm starting to see some of the old GM aging. I've recently had my car in for some quirky problems and have noticed wear in the interior components including gaps between components. I think this is also contributing to noticeable interior wind noise. All-in-all the car still drives great and has handled excellent on snowy roads this winter. 
I am very happy with my CTS-AWD. Since I live in the country in upstate NY I have owned awd vehicles for many years. I have yet to test this car in snow, although the fact that I can spin the tires on dry pavement does not give me confidence going into winter. I previously owned awd Acuras and BMW's which were excellent in snow. Most of the consumer reviews I've read are positive in regard to performance. My view is that overall performance is defininately adequatebut I find that unless I stomp on it, I feel like I'm driving a big four cylinder sedan. When floored the car takes off but not without a lot of noise. The Acura RL I had most recently had a more refined feel. 
Wonderful driving experience. I particularly enjoy the acceleration and responsiveness of the direct injection. Transmission is flawless. Suspension is smooth and handles sharp turns remarkably well. Michelin 235/18" wheels hug the road and literally the car feels like it can drive itself. Interior materials and finish are superior to other vehicles in similar price range; exterior is bold and aggressive-looking. Reliability has been very good with 11,000 miles. 24mpg on the highway; regular gasoline. I'm very pleased with my selection. 
Former '05 Lexus owner and I'm very, very pleased with the CTS. Researched the CTS and decided to test-drive after reading favorable reviews. The ride is sporty and comfortable, suspension is very responsive, transmission is smooth and accelleration is exhilirating from the DI. Fit and finish on par with my prior Lexus. A real head-turner among adults and kids alike.
This vehicle guzzles gas worse than an SUV. Don't be fooled. It doesn't get anywhere near the 18 city/26 highway. I'm currently getting around 16 MPG in mostly highway driving. The vehicle has an 18 gallon tank that will only take you around 230 miles. Don't buy or lease this car if you are concerned about the environment or your own vehicle ownership costs!
The car is very responsive, solidly crafted, and in black with chrome rims is gorgeous. The stick shift has loosened up nicely after the first forty-five days. Seating is very comfortable and two hour drives produce zero stiffness.
The rear axle vibrates at 55 mph and the factory says they are working on a fix. This has been going on for 90 days. In another 60 days without a fix we will post a web site GM won't like, but it will be truthful.
After 10 months of ownership, I can say this is one of the few cars for which I have felt no regret after purchasing. It?s stunning to look at, inside and out and with the FE3 package and 6speed manual, it is a true driver's car. Most importantly, it is genuinely a quality piece. The body structure is incredibly solid; even with the stiff FE3 suspension setup it feels imperturbable. The interior isn?t just excellent for a car in the mid-40?s, it is actually nicer than a number of more expensive cars, with great fit & finish and superb materials. The Nav/Infotainment System is the best I have ever seen or heard. The exterior features Lexus like panel gaps.
I just brought my new CTS after looking for a car for some time. The interior is beautiful and sold me. That was my mistake. I looked the car over admiringly since, and was annoyed that at $40K+ car would not have a rear bumper that was aligned properly. The dealer informed me that it is a manufacturing defect and it is normal that the bumper be out of alignment on one side of the car or the other. "The bumper is just too big" was the actual reply. I've contacted Cadillac through their web site and been given a very thoughtful run around. I could have learned to live with the defect, having been a loyal GM owner for 20+, but the responses and lack of care make me wish I had not bought it.
Awesome Car, great interior, great gas mileage. couldn't be happier with Cadillac's new design
I compared to the 2009 Audi A4, BMW 328xi, Mercedes C300 AWD, and Lexus IS250 AWD. Actually drove them all at a test track. The CTS offers the space of a BMW 5 series at a better value.
I purchased this vehicle in February right off the showroom floor. Great fun to drive, sharp looks. I wanted the wood trim interior and the large sunroof. The car is very smooth on the road and handles well since it is rear wheel drive. Interior space is a bit tight. Storage cubbyholes and trunk space are spare. Quality issues have come up. Two weeks after the purchase the steering went out (fluid leak around the rack) - that was in the shop for two more weeks getting fixed (free loaner, thankfully). Just today the radio went out. I have the high end radio (no nav) with the 40 GB HD. The radio now only picks up AM intermittently. I am a little worried and even considering trading.
Had the CTS for over a month and so far it's been awesome. Lots of fun to drive. Averaging about 21 MPG. No issues so far. I was considering a Lincoln MKS but this car is so much more exciting I'm glad I chose it!
Former Lexus owner. Shopped against BMW 5 series, Audi A4 and Lexus 330. BMW dealer compares CTS DI with its 220 hp 3 series -- not even close unless you like stripped down, slow German cars. Lexus 330 was close, but is a lot more conservative looking and $3,000 more. With all the bells and whistles, none could come close to the Cadillac. I thought I was too young for a Cadillac sedan, but this car has exceeded my expectations and draws compliments from friends and clients. 
I just hit the 200 mile mark on my CTS. I have only had the car for 1 week. This is truly the best car I have ever owned. The car handles OUTSTANDINGLY, rides GREAT, and looks FANTASTIC! My car has the performance package, luxury 1 and 2 and polished wheels. You really don't need to spend the extra money for the Nav. The interior lighting looks unbelievable. And the best part is that the car was so much less then the BMW 3 series, Audi A4 and the Mercedes C class. GM really did a tremendous job on this car. I would highly recommend this Cadillac to anyone in the market for a luxury midsized car.
I look at every make from BMW, Mercedes, Audi and Cadillac. It was a no brainer to get the Cadillac. The car was either the same or outperformed all the other cars. The layout of the cockpit is fantastic. The car rides great and people notice the beauty of the car as well. My car has everything expect for Navigation and the Moonroof. With Onstar I felt I didn't need the Nav. That saves you a lot of $$. I would recommend this car to anyone in the market for a luxury high performance car. Definitely get the DI version. Matt.
BMW is gonna learn a hard lesson in ECON 101. Every stinking day we got into our 2006 5 series another warning light was on the dash. BMW Service Good Riddance! We absolutely adore this new CTS. So far no service issues after approx 2600 miles including round trip to Colorado from Atlanta.
I waited for 8 months for this car to come out - I was looking for a 4 door sports sedan and after reading all the product info. I was hoping it would live up to the hype after the long wait it exceeded it & I was not disappointed. This car is awesome. I also own a 2007 Corvette and truly believe the CTS handles if not better, then at least as well as the vette (but obviously not as fast!). The CTS is really quick though, refined, handles great, and with great mileage. I avg 22 in town and have gotten as much as 32 on the highway while driving 70 & 80 mph.
After considering the Mercedes C350, Lexus IS350, Infinity G37S, and the BMW 5 Series, my wife and I decided on the 2008 CTS. The ride, the looks, the interior ergonomics and options were great. The quality of fit and trim, along with the value of the available features, trumped the competition. We decided that we wanted a vehicle that did not look like anything else on the road and this 2008 CTS does just that with the looks it commands from passersby. It truly is a car that ?turns us on when we turn it on?! 
Just about one year later, The $48,900 loaded CTS had two leaks in the sunroof making water run into the car though the A frame. The Fuel Pump went the 1st week with 400 mile on the car. Since then all is ok except the hard ride has created more rattles than a NYC Gypsy cab. I'm Very disappointed. Craftsmanship is still crap. No wonder GM is hurting 
I was looking for a fun and roomy drive. Still needed a large backseat for the kiddies. I had test driven Audi A4, BMW 3 Series and many small SUVs. Couldn't stomach the monthly payments on them as they just were not appealing to me. Once I got behind the wheel of the CTS (black with creamy leather) I was sold. So much fun to drive and the kids are comfortable in the back. I love this car! I will update on reliability as the months progress.
If the new CTS is representative, GM is in the process of pulling off an astonishing revival. The BMWCCA magazine Roundel recently did a comparo between the CTS and the 5 series and concluded that not only was the CTS an excellent auto inside and out, but was virtually the equal of the BMW for over $10K less. After driving the Cadillac and seeing it up close, I agreed with the assessment. 
Great car for the money. Only thing I dislike is the front seats are a little hard because of the heated, ventilated ducting. Also gas mileage is a little less at 19.5 mpg than previous 05 CTS 21.5 mpg which may be due to the AWD and the car still has only 4000 miles.
I drive this car through the streets of Las Vegas and it looks great and gets plenty of stares. The car pulls away fast at intersections and even in this summer heat is always comfortable inside. I thought the sunroof would be a problem but it has not been an issue. Sometimes I'll just take it out on the road for the sheer fun of driving it.
Having owned Honda Accords for the past 18 years, I never saw much reason to consider an American car until this one. Never in a million years did I think I would own a Cadillac! Having said that, this car should cause any reasonable person to change their opinion on GM. Clearly, Bob Lutz and the Caddy design team deserve a lot of credit for bringing a legendary brand back to life. This is a no apologies sedan that brings a watermelon smile every time I look at or talk about this car! Nothing looks like it on the road and it looks great! Tons of compliments from everybody that sees it. The interior materials and features are great. A lot of thought went into engineering this vehicle
Wow, this car has exceeded my expectations and you must drive the direct inject V6 with 305 HP to truly appreciate it. I've owned new BMW 5, new BMW 3, and new Audi 6 and the new 2008 CTS not only belongs in this class but outshines them all with ext/int design and features. You definitely get more and more for your money. The direct inject 304 hp engine is there to perform when needed. The sport suspension package with 19" wheels has the CTS hugging the road and gives it the tight feel. I love this car...it's the best 4 dr sport sedan I've owned and if Cadillac continues to deliver quality and VALUE there's no reason to go back to BMW, Audi, or consider others like Lexus. 
I have had the new CTS for three months and this is the most enjoyable automobile that I have ever owned. All aspects of the vehicle are pleasing. The performance is world class and the interior is set up in a convenient and comfortable manner. The sound system is killer and the Nav is best in class. However, the Onstar turn-by- turn is so simple and cool that I tend to use it instead of the Nav system. I love the total lighting package from the very cool ambient interior lights to the trick light pipes in the front and rear. This car is confident and capable in the canyons, the city or on the highway. Great job Cadillac!!! 
For the money, this car has the most beautiful ride and style I have had the pleasure to own. BMW cars constant service and arrogant dealer attitude sent us over to Cadillac. 100% satisfied with CTS, we have finally escaped the German car thing.
I'm 36 and this is my second Cadillac, but this is no fuddy-duddy car like my '04 DHS was labeled. It's a car seemingly made for my demographic. I've never driven a car that turns as many heads and gets as many compliments and inquiries as this one does. The steering feel and handling are superb. The throttle response and manumatic shifting can take some effort to be smooth, but that kind of adds to the fun. The car likes to rev, but it lacks low end torque. It feels a little slow until you hit around 3500 RPM, at which point it takes off almost unpredictably quickly. I also have a strange odor coming from the air vents, and have since day one. Not sure what that's about.
Driven 500 miles so far; getting 29 hwy mpg; sound system is great; absolutely no problems at this point. Love the interior and exterior; white premium paint is beautiful. Love the Bluetooth phone connection; talking on phone as I enter car, automatically call is transfered to car, no buttons to push. Came from BMW 745Li, have never looked back since getting the CTS (see ya BMW); this is a very nice vehicle; good deal with dealer. Debated with self on Infiniti G35 and M35/45 and Lincoln MKZ; CTS beat both with features and more for the money; absolutely no regrets/second thoughts. 
What a great vehicle, this is my first G.M. car. Fast, comfortable, (I'm 6'3) great car for the price.
After 30 years in the working world and turning 55 years young, it was time to reward myself. And, with all of the imported sport sedans everywhere, I wanted to stand out in a big way. My CTS with a black exterior/interior was a dream come true. I never thought I could love a car, but this one makes me love driving to and from work. I've gotten compliments in Beverly Hills from Benz, BMW, Infiniti, and Lexus owners. The Cadillac art and design concept blends so well in this car. The marriage of the design, engineering, manufacturing, and assembly is really impressive. This car is one HOT HEART THROB! I want to drive it everywhere! I'm proud to own an American car again!!Go Cadillac! 
The CTS is a nice car but it does have some weaknesses. There is a bothersome rattle in the dash, the brake accelerator set up is too close together and is dangerous in my opinion and the storage compartments are small. The hard drive and the navigation systems are much too complicated. The interior is very nice and the exterior style is attractive. 
Traded in 2005 STS. CTS rides sharper, and a bit more quiet. Engine is slightly better on Combined MPG now averaging 20.2 after 9,000 miles.
I shopped for a month, drove every sports sedan, suv, and AWD vehicles made, and bought this one. This is my '86 IROC Z28 all grown up. She's now a sexy graceful American; knows who she is, what she wants and how to get it with style! I bought the awd hot lava and it has bluetooth and all the other stuff you guys want! I have waited 48 years for this car that yes still has room for improvement as you all have suggested, but we bought it for $8,700 under the sticker, cash deal and so far it hasn't disappointed me on my 100 mi/day commute on dirt hills and curves in North Idaho terrain. 
I originally was looking at the Infiniti G35 or BMW 335. The Infiniti was a tremendous value, and the BMW had an engine that was simply irresistible. Then, out of nowhere, I cam across the CTS. To say the least, this car is an architectural masterpiece. It can stand out, unlike the BMW and Infiniti. Especially in Red. I get at least one compliment a day on that car, people always ask me what kind of car it is, when I say "Cadillac", thy always say "what?". 
I love driving my CTS. It?s a perfect balance between performance and comfort. Performs well on long trips and around town. Fit and trim are excellence. No annoying rattles. The sun roof provides adequate shade from the Georgia sunshine
Driving the Cadillac is a dream and owing it is even better.
The ride and interior of this car are truly outstanding! Never in my wildest dreams did we think of owning a Cadillac, however "WOW" are we in love with this vehicle. 
I just bought a black 2008 Cadillac CTS. I Love it. It is a great car, but it has had a sensor break about 2 months after I bought the car. Luckily my warranty covered that. The build quality is pretty good but there is a bunch of cheap plastics. Overall it's a great car and I would recommend it to anyone. 
I was excited to get this car, however now after 6000 miles and two trips to the shop for MAJOR issues, I am not so happy. First the cooling system failed and it had to be towed, now is a week in for a new camshaft and cylinder heads, if this is what GM is making, this is my first and last..... 
I bought a cts-v in 2005, and I thought that car was a blast to drive. The 2008 cts, 3.6 d.i., all wheel drive, handles as good, and ride quality is superior to the V. I have to admit, that I love this new cts better than the cts-v. interior is comfortable, the exterior is beautiful! I am in love with my cts!
Have not had an American Car since early 80's. Had Audi, Acura, Toyota, etc. Was planning on getting a TL or ES350 then I took a close look at this while renting a car in Florida. Note to Detroit: You have finally got something here. LEARN FROM IT!!! This car has style, performance, safety, ergonomics, reasonable fuel economy. Everything. I got the 3.6 with Premium Lux Package and all season 18" wheel Package. Absolutely LOVE IT! Just enough space, speed, sport and style to make driving a pleasure. It really felt good to buy an American car and actually be proud of it! Way to go GM. Don't let us down again.
My 2008 CTS was shipped from the factory without grease in the axle, needless to say at 72 miles it was back in the shop. Cadillac told me that it may be a month before they had replacement parts (a new car shouldn't need replacement parts) well I insisted that they take one off the assembly line and ship it to me, which they did. There is a noise in the instrument panel (sounds like a fan running all the time) they say it is normal (the other 4 didn't have it!!!) Also I was told at the dealership that they found no insulation in the dash. There is a rattling noise in the sun roof. I am in the process of trying to get Cadillac to replace this LEMON!!!
Looked at BMW, however found nothing with any options in this segment for under $52,000. Stopped by the Cadillac Dealer on way home and purchased "on the spot" CTS 08 Black Cherry. For the money, you absolutely cannot beat this vehicle. Extremely happy with purchase at over 3,000 miles. 
First of all I love this car. I looked at Lexus and infiniti. I just loved the CTS. So I took a two year lease on this one. I got it fully loaded. I did have problems with the dealer. The first salesman I spoke to left, then the second sales person quit. I was on a role, but i still bought it and I am happy I did. I ended up with a great guy, he was trying to make up for a bad situation. 
Hi, Bought a Direct Injection set up in the caddy and are really pleased with it. The engine and trans really team together. The insides are very well designed and well made with the controls easy to reach. 40 gig with 10 speakers is the best.Very easy to program the inside thru the computer set up. Body lines and panel spacing are perfect not like the older GM models. Trunk area is good .Got the all season tire pack. and is a good ride.GM could make bigger door compartments and standard garage door opener,but thats my only beef. Had 3 bmw's before and went back to GM, can't beat it for the money and quality. 
For the first time in years, I not only considered, but bought a cadillac! Did my research and leased a 2008 CTS fully loaded. So far, so good. The car is fun to drive, has good acceleration for a luxury sedan, and handles great. The interior is well designed, well built, and beautiful. Sharp exterior. Only problem is the CTS seems to be everywhere. The dealer has been very responsive. I've only had the car for a couple of weeks, so the honeymoon isn't over yet. If things start to go south, I will return to this forum, with additional info. 
The navigation/radio system in my new CTS failed at 50 miles. It has been at the dealership for nearly 4 weeks and neither Cadillac nor the dealer can tell me when a replacement system will be available. Last response was that Cadillac would have to manufacturer more units.
While the 08 CTS is not quite as precise as the BMW 3- or 5-series (I've owned both), it is more than adequate in everyday driving and gives you back a much quieter, smoother ride than either of the Bimmers. The interior of this car absolutely blows away the competition. Compare this car, well equipped for about $43k (AWD, 3.6 DI, Bose, and almost everything except Nav with a comparably equipped 3-series (about $49k) or 5-series (even more), and you'll begin to understand what all the press is about. Fit, finish and materials are superb...and if GM can produce a reliable car (TBD), the Boys in Bavaria and elsewhere have a lot to be worried about. Did I mention this car burns regular?
I bought my 2008 CTS with 300 HP DI engine and I swear it feels like an 8 cylinder. The handling of this car is like a luxury-sports car, which is much better than the 2004 350 ZX I traded in. I've got just over 1200 miles on it and it is still as tight and responsive as the day I drove it off the lot. I talked my wife into this car and she is happy I did(it was her 350Z). I got every feature available.
We hope this new Cadillac "6" holds up as well as the "8" Northstar, as the performance for a six is absolutely incredible. You would swear this engine is an "8" cylinder. Low end torque and highway cruise from the powerplant is phenomenal within this vehicle. 
I love this car! It is gorgeous. Truly beautiful. I had a 2006 MB CLK 500 Convertible and love my new Cadillac more! It is so plush, nice to drive, makes me want to take my time to get where I am going. Love the keyless entry - dont need to dig in my purse with a handful of groceries to get my keys, the door just opens! AND you can play DVD's for the kids in the Navigation system! I purchased the fully loaded all leather, black/black automatic with the bigger engine! The navigation system is really nice - huge screen and love the traffic reports! Dont lease this car - buy it - because you wont want to give it back!
1500 miles, rear axle seal bad, check engine light on, and ABS sensor bad, no sensor available, car in shop for 8 days tillone became available. 1800 miles 2 months old check engine light on again. Water getting in two cylinders, GM wanted to repair the motor, I wanted a new one. Local dealership finally told GM it was a block problem couldn't be fixed. Been in the shop 3 weeks, might get it back in a couple of days. Caddy talks the talk but certainly doesn't walk the walk as far as customer service goes. This is my 17th new GM car and the last. They should have replaced the car instead of hassling me about repairing the motor. 
My husband purchasd this car through a company car leaseback program which does not allow anyone else to drive it. After sneaking around in this vehicle for the last month, all I can say is "wow". I became obsessed with the ride of this car, and we are now leasing a silver/black fully loaded unit due to arrive in March.
Sometimes you have buyer's remourse when you buy a big ticket item. I have colleagues who have indicated such with their Lexus, Mercedes and BMWs - but definitely not the case here. I've found that I look forward to going to work because I get to drive this car! I've had it for 3 months and it's been fantastic. My friends with different luxury nameplates are envious and for the 1st time - considering a Cadillac. I love it.
I loved this vehicle for the first 2000 miles and then it began idling roughly when in gear. Then the passenger window regulator went out with the window in the down position. The dealer has had the car for two weeks without being able to find parts anywhere. Cadillac, it seems, has failed its dealers and customers.
No complaints so far. We can't stand driving our SUV, "kid school dropoff mobile", anymore. Get ready for the 20 question a day from onlooker routine. Yes it's American. No it has good quality. Nothing has broken. Gas mileage was as advertised. Steering is not loose. Brakes are excellent. etc.. Trust me this goes on at any gas station, car wash, or valet restaurant.
Owned Acura, Honda, Infiniti for years, Finally considered American. So far right move, great value. Nice having a car that gets compared to far more expensive models above its class. My car, bought in Dec, 08 CTS AWD, DI, Black Cherry, loaded. Handling nice, ride exceptional, quite, except for when you push it. Sound coming out of the tail pipes makes you say bring it on. This thing looks mean coming at you. All the tech works nicely. My only drawback is gas and break pedal could us a bit more space between. Went to grocery store the other day some guy walked into the shopping cart holder looking at the CTS as I drove up. GM finally got it right. 
I love this car so much now, I can't wait for good weather! We usually take a motorcycle trip every summer but I know this year we'll be traveling in style. No complaints at all! I love that GM has turned out a car like this! I'm proud to drive American!
I purchased a AWD auto with all options. I've owned 20 autos in 30 years. This is the best design and execution of what I've owned and compared the CTS to. In two months, the CTS has been driven through heavy rain, ice and snow. It handles as well as any 4x4 I've owned. I traded my STS V8 and never looked back. It is by far the most tactile, entertaining, and visually pleasurable vehicle yet. I drove the A4 and 325 AWD's. In comparison, the CTS controls are the most intuitive. I could not figure out how to turn the BMW/Audi radios off during the test drive! With the CTS as good as it is, we cannot wait for the replacement of our DTS perfomance sedan. 
The CTS has many fine qualities - ride, stability, sound system, interior design. But the lack of certain features many of which are found on less expensive cars such a fog lights and a back-up camera, along with poor gas mileage (20% less than my 2003 CTS), and 7 days in the repair shop in the first 90 days of ownership tell me I should have bought a Lexus. 
I drove BMW, Lexus Acura and Lincoln MKZ. After owning this car for 4 months it has proven that it exceeds the others in every aspect. Fit and finish in and out is superb plus it gets 30MPG on the road on regular gas. I just need more reasons to open the garage door and go for a ride. Thanks Cadillac for building the best!
Not "your fathers Cadillac". Great pick up, well designed interior. Quality shows both inside and out. Navigation system easy to use. Pleasure to drive.I also test drove a Mercedes C class and found that dollar for dollar based on standard and available equipment the Cadillac was a far better vehicle in both price and performance.
Test drove Lexus gs350, BMW335, Audi A6 then by chance looked at a CTS. We have had three Volvos in the last ten years and have been satisfied with all of them. But when I drove the 2008 CTS i was amazed with the drive and looks and feel of the car. I love to sit and play with all the interior features. I find myself asking my wife if she needs something from the store.
Well I also picked up my cts. It came in with everything including the wood wheel and shifter. I waited till now to write this because after a 1000 miles I have a clear picture of its performance. I have not found anything wrong with this car. It was ordered with every option AWD,DI,89U, spoiler, this without a doubt the most enjoyable car I have ever owned. The moonroof is great (here in NYC) the handling fantastic, the bose sound system and the HDD are great. No negatives at all. Great work Cadillac. The American car is back!
Detroit wasted so many years giving up the market to overseas! Why? For the money paid out the door including tax, the 08 CTS has to be the best deal we have come across. Test driving the vehicle around the block, and it was a must own. Already have 3400 miles on the car, and we fight off our 19 year old son for the keys! 
My CTS has the FE3 suspension and the 304 hp direct injection engine. Performance: I like to drive quickly. Power, tracking, grip and dynamics are all excellent. Performance brakes are really powerful (but touchy at low speeds), and also necessate 18" wheels for snow tires - 17" won't fit. In sport mode the auto transmission matches speeds perfectly, a bit less smooth in regular mode. Interior is put together really well. Feels much roomier than G35. Seats very good. Controls very well thought out. Stereo with 40 GB HDD is truely awesome. My only quibble - needs more storage bins in front and a place for sunglasses. Overall I love it and find myself looking for excuses to drive.
The car is sharp looking and fun to drive. Got mine in Raven black with black interior with polished chrome wheels. It's a real head turner. It rides so well I'm finding places to go just so I can drive it. Steering is tight a just the right amout of road feel without being too harsh. Traded my 2005 Audi A6 which I liked but got too frustrated with Audi because they Claimed the noises in my car from the heating vents were "characteristic" of the car and there was nothing they would do about it. If your looking for a "sorts" sedan, check out the CTS, you won't be dissappointed. 
Great vehicle to drive. A bit heavy but it feels good once it gets rolling... AWD takes a bit of performance away. I swear my 2007 (non-DI is quicker and faster) But a truly great car. Love the entire redesign. 
This is a great ride. Has all the extras that you need and then some. I only have a 1000 miles on the car but, rides like a dream. Feels tight and fast. The inside is well thought out. It has that little bit extra that a quality car needs. Engine is fast and smooth. I recommend this car highly.
My 2005 CTS was a step up from my two previous STS Caddies. Build quality was excellent and I experienced only minor repairs over 35,000 miles. It still is a real "looker". But my new loaded Crystal Red 08 CTS is about the most perfect car I have ever had. It blows away just about every BMW, Audi and Mercedes on the road today. It is stunningly beautiful, excellent fit and finish, with options galore and the handling is remarkable. The styling and performance improvements in the 08 are obvious, but it is the subtle nuances and thoughful engineering that make the car a standout for me. I can't tell a Lexus from a Camry until up close, but there's no mistaking this Caddy at any distance !
i was the proud owner of a 2000 deville and just loved the car! my wife decided to upgrade & we bought the 2008 dts. i think the new one is not as quiet or smooth as the 2000, also it has that same whining noise at approx 15 to 30 mph i read about in another review, also it gets somewhat sluggish at 45 mph, no idea why it does that. the 2000 had much softer & comfortable seats, anyway my wife loves the car but i'm very disappointed, no way should it be 51000 dollars on the window!
I purchased this vehicle a year ago. I run a limousine company, American Eagle Limousine, and the Cadillac DTS is the customers vehicle of choice. It surpasses the Lincoln Town Car in exterior design. My client are always complimenting on how "smooth" and "bump free" the ride was. The car is a head turner and has been extremely reliable. I purchased this vehicle at 7,500 miles and it has well over 100k on it as of August 2009. I have not experienced any engine problems. The only problem I experienced is with the rear cup holder, which has cheap build quality. Overall, I am extremely happy with my purchase. I will be purchasing more Cadillacs in the future.
My 9th Cadillac is the best one I've owned. I'm old, but I still want the luxury with performance, the Northstar still amazes me, even after three of them. Wind noise of past cars has been minimized. If you are a long time buyer, this could be the cheapest car to own.
We owned our third Cadillac on August 31, 2008. Overall the 2008 DTS is comfortable and the engine has a lot of get up ond go. However, 2008 DTS appears to be noiser than my previous 2002 Deville. From the front of the vehicle gear noise can be heard between 25-30mph. release the accelerator and the noise is gone. Below 25 or above 30 mph the gear noise cannot be heard. Suspect the transaxel. The side seat buckles in the back seat are set down too far making it difficult or next impossible for an average size adult to connect the latch to the buckle. Question, have the car companies stopped using undercoat on vehicles?
Big, strong and comfortable. Quiet. Economical - using regular gas, long oil intervals and all this with a torquey V8. Really well thought out. No "Idrive" or other difficult to understand user interfaces like the competition offers. Has all the toots and whistles including power lumbar with massage! Side radar that warns if something is in the blind zone. Rear and front parking aids. And a bunch more. Needless to say it is very comparable to more expensive foreign cars, but does some things better. This car just makes you feel good when you drive it. 
This is the most beautiful auto I have ever seen. Everything about its styling pleases my eyes. There is no defect in appearance inside or out. If I had a blank piece of paper, this is what I would design. Several years ago I attended a comparison drive of luxury autos sponsored by Motor Trend Magazine. I was able to test drive the best of Europe, Asia and the US any way I wanted. Believe me, no expensive import offers anything more than the Cadillac DTS except snob appeal. I had really planned to buy a six cylinder with a six speed transmission. But when I saw this DTS, I couldn't say no.
Great car. Handles better than the '05 Deville I traded. Smooth power from the V-8 with decent mileage for the size of the car. I get 26 mpg on the Hwy. Comfortable and quiet ride in American luxury tradition, yet still decent handling. Good value for the money. 
Car is comfortable and handles well for a large car. Car has been in the shop, at 500 mi and at 2000 mi, for drivetrain and electronics problems. Paid $55K + for this car and was not offered a loaner car by this dealership while the car was in their shop. This will be the last American car that I purchase!
I traded a BMW 745 for a Cadillac DTS. The Cadillac lacks some of the more sophisticated technology of the BMW but it is easier to maintain, it rides beautifully, and is easy to get serviced. Consumer Reports recommended this car for reliability in part because it dispenses with some of the cutting edge technology and, instead, provides reliability and a more affordable price. The large trunk and back seat and good for carrying more passengers and luggage. We use this car as a road car for longer trips. It takes regular gas, parts are easy to get and there is an extensive dealer network. GM has done an excellent job with this car.
I purchased a 2008 DTS (double espresso) I like the performance on this one better than the 2004 I traded. The 2004 had better interior and sound system. I like the H.I.D. headlamps, the remote start and quietness on the 08. It could have had nicer rims and higher quality sheet metal. (the trunk and lower rear quarter panels seem very cheap. I don't like the cloth on the side of my seats. It should have had a 2 -tone interior for the $33,006
I took some of the advice from others on the internet and looked for a car to take long rides in. It is ideal. It is roomy and quiet. 
My Platinum DTS runs rings around the 2000 S-Class I traded in. Couldn't believe what Mercedes wanted for a new one! Are they kidding? Definitely not worth it. The Caddy gives me everything the M-B did--at over twenty grand less. The ventilated seats are great. My next new car will again be wearing the wreath-and-crest and not the three-pointed star.
Bought my 4th Cadillac. '94 Deville had 175,000 miles; '99 Deville had 130,000; '05 DHS had 110,000..just got '08 DTS...these are true road warriors that have given this road warrior almost 1/2 million comfortable; safe miles...had a Lincoln in between the '99 and '05 Caddy...not even close to Caddy ride. When I got my first one I was only 44..below average demographic..love the comfort; acceleration; and handling..not interested in overrated and overpriced German or Japanese..Caddy packages all options neatly..takes me 20 minutes to buy my car..always get the White Diamond..keep building these.
I started driving a Cadillac when Oldsmobile stopped building the original Aurora. I travel from Florida to Atlanta, GA and the ride is comfortable, quiet, and smooth, my companion reads a book all during the drive. On one trip my cruise control stopped working, I hit my OnStar button and they made an appointment for me at a dealership near where I was staying. The service manager was waiting for me and the problem was solved. He called me to make sure everything was completed to my satisfaction.That is Cadillac quality and servuce.
I also own a 2007 Range Rover HSE with luxury package, and it's a great truck, but Escalade platinum is unbelievable. Everything is covered in soft great smelling leather, including dash and doors and entire seats. Power is spot on and most of all ride has better control and smoothness than regular Escalade and Range Rover because of magna ride. Same suspension as Ferrari 599 and Chevy Corvette ZR1 and new Caddy CTS-V . Must drive on highway. It's an absolute dream. Let's buy American again, because GM is finaly making a perfect car and America's future is in our hands to keep American companies alive for a better future. 
Not sure where to begin, this is my 2nd slade and the best. GM does need to give this monster motor multi-displacement and possibly engine off at idle, but appreciate its ability to run on mid grade nicely and regular in a pinch with no problems. 3rd seat layout is a joke and it went in my mini storage the 2nd day. Exhaust note at idle and low rpm is absolutely beautiful! And at freeway speeds muffler tech. makes the hearty growl disappear (Huh, how'd they do that ?) I've got 6600 miles on this brute and oil life is still projected at 38% left. Pretty cool with factory oil, and it hasn't used a drop.So much more to praise; ride/sound/build/comfort/Power/etc qualities. Platinum model next
This may be the nicest looking large SUV, however the trade off for reliability, build quality/materials, and lack of basic amenities leave this owner regretting every drive. I only have 7 thousand miles and the things spends more time at the dealer than my garage. GM clearly rushed this vehicle to market before it was done. The interior materials are cheap and not color matched. The metal is different colors and burns your hands. My door panels are turning purple from black. Only 2 windows auto down. the third seat is a pain to store. The onstar drops calls in the city, god forbid I need it out of town. Buy something else!
It is nice to drive and looks sharp. That is about it. Engineers must have been high when the interior was planned. The rear pass. windows don't roll down all the way. Was told GM makes these doors to small around the wheel well hence window rolls down 1/2 way - no it's not a safety thing. There are no pockets in the back side doors. No Storage. All of the seats are SO uncomfortable. They are like sitting on concrete. The third row seats have no place to put anything. For the third row both cup holders are on the left side of the car. There is a water leak in sun roof. Too many problems to list. No wonder GM is having financial problems. 
Smooth as silk if driven on glass. On slightly rough road, it hops a lot. Terrible visibility. Inconvenient entry/exit of rear passengers. Loose fitting panels. doors fill with water when washed. Transmission shifting erratic, and unpredictable (dangerous when towing). Cheep chrome on wheels and roof racks. Too noisy for a Cadillac. Rear suspension leveling is week. Flaws too many to list. Were Cadillac's engineers drunk or just plane incompetent?? 
I have owned 3 range rovers from 2005 up until 2008. I should have kept my range Rover. It's like going from a Porsche to a scooter. This car has no detail and terrible quality. The stitching is poorly done and everything looks like plastic. (wait! Is is all plastic, even the fake wood trim) from a side rear view the escalade looks ugly. The escalade idles very roughly. What do you expect from a gm I guess? Car was probably built in 15 mins. From robots. Good thing I lease this pile of junk cause range Rover is waiting for me.
I bought this great suv from the dealership in Dec. 2007, it was the manager's furnished auto. I traded in my 2004 Pearl White Escalade for this 08 Black beauty. I have all the bells on it as I did on the 2004! You cannot find a more comfortable car as the Escalade. I get 14 mpg average with the 08 and did the same with the 04. I will always drive an Escalade.
I loved the look of the new Escalade and alas that is all the car is. Just something good to look at. But it is a mechanical nightmare. This truck looks, drives and feels like it was put together in a hurry. I only have 2500 miles on it and the tranny bucks like a horse at least 3 times a day. Cadillac has reprogrammed some kind of computer but it keeps doing it and they say that there is nothing that they can do to fix it. It also idles very rough, the first month we had it it was fine and now it vibrates so badly at stop lights that it is embarrassing. Cadillac told me to use premium, I have and it still does it.Sometimes the power lift gate does not want to work. Should've gotten a 08 Sequoia
My ratings may look overboard, but I did not rate it against sports cars, but against other large, luxury suvs.
I own a 2007 and a 2008 ESV - Both Black on Black with 24" non-stock rims. BEAUTY: I truly love the vehicles luxury, style, class, and SIZE, there's nothing better offered by any manufacturer. But here is what I find missing, or don't like. 
6) No independent suspension. NO BRAWN: 
<AUTHOR>Len Cannarozzi</AUTHOR>
<AUTHOR>Norm</AUTHOR>
<AUTHOR>BUYUSA</AUTHOR>
<AUTHOR>first and last</AUTHOR>
<AUTHOR>BK</AUTHOR>
<AUTHOR>domesticdude</AUTHOR>
<AUTHOR>DTR969</AUTHOR>
<AUTHOR>Halls1030</AUTHOR>
<AUTHOR>Vic in CT</AUTHOR>
<AUTHOR>Mattie Fresh</AUTHOR>
<AUTHOR>Concourse</AUTHOR>
<AUTHOR>Bob in FL</AUTHOR>
<AUTHOR>GTOhaas</AUTHOR>
<AUTHOR>jason</AUTHOR>
I get 22 mpg on the highway. My wife loves it and it's the only SUV cross- over that has enough room in the back to really be called an SUV. I'm more comfortable in the SRX than in my truck. It has leg room in the back seat as well. The steering & handling is excellent.
Purchased a 2004 SRX and loved it. Considered Lexus, BMW, Lincoln, but went back to an SRX. My wife drives this car almost exclusively but when I drive it is a pure joy. Driving from N.E. Pa to Chicago is not a chore but a great experience. 
As my lease is ending on my 2008 BMW 528I and after driving both Mercedes and BMW for the better part of 10 years..I decided to go American. The SRX that I bought (not leased) is Black on Black 20"chrome wheels, Vogue grille, Nav, panoramic sunroof and more. It drives like a car and has the room I need for weekend trips to Home Depot. I can't believe that I enjoy this vehicle as much as I do, but it truly delivers the best of both worlds.
There is nothing not to like. I have owned Honda and Toyota for years and thought it was time to 'buy American." This car has needed nothing other than one oil change. Reliability is excellent, despite the reviews. This car is a well kept secret. 
I have a V8 awd with the sport package. The car has 20k miles on it and all I did was change oil (twice). So much for consumer reports saying its unreliable. Love the SRX because it handles like a well designed car and accelerates with ease. Everything works the way its supposed to and this car has been very reliable so far. Drive way better than the V6 trucks from BMW, MB and Lexus and you will save money. Test drive this car before getting saddled to a boring vanilla vehicle recommended by consumer reports. By the way this Caddy does fine off road and in the snow
I love how this SRX handles and rides. I test drove the Lincoln MKX which did not compare to the ride of the Cadillac SRX. I have 6500 miles and drive six (6) hours to my cottage in Michigan. It is a treat to drive that distance now. The interior is gorgeous and everyone always compliments the vehicle's overall appearance. Great job Cadillac. The Bose sound system is like nothing I have ever experienced. I cannot wait for winter to see how it performs with the AWD feature. It is really a fun car to drive. My wife loves the SRX and especially the black exterior I chose.
This is my second srx. Bought first in 2004 when it first appeared. Loved that one. But the 2008. Is much nice. Nicer interior, better ride, love the look.
Very spacious vehicle, especially when children are involved. The second row is comfortable and you can comfortably put kids in the back without too much of a hassle. The back compartment also has plenty of storage space especially for long road trips. If you have a bit more money to spend, this suv is a enjoyable lease and purchase.
I have always been loyal to GM. This time, I purchased instead of leasing so I drove everything, BMW, Volvo, Maxda, Acura and settled on the SRX. I couldn't be happier, the ride is beautiful, the inside "top notch" not like the Enclave which was my first choice after I traded the Buick Rendezvous. Rear seat leg room better than any car I test drove. I am 6 feet tall and the vehicle is very, very comfortable all the way around. The extra seating in the cargo is useless to me so those will always stay down. 
This car has it all. It handles like a sports sedan and runs smoothly with plenty of power. As far as mileage is concerned it meets the mfg sticker - about 17 around town and 24 on the road . We have had no problems in the first year and plan to keep it for a long time . Love the way it handles on the road - like a high speed touring sedan.
The worst first: this car is the worst car on gas I have ever owned. A friend of mine that has the V6 told me it is just as bad as the V8. 11 MPG! The V8 is very powerful and quiet. Comfortable inside except the third row. Car has a heavy feel but seems to handle well. 
This SUV has been a pleasure since day one. Like it more and more each day. A solid, sound, good looking vehicle.
My wife and I had been planning for a Honda Pilot or Toyota Highlander for a while, until we came across SRX at Edmunds.com. We got both dealer and consumer rebates of the month. Now we have it, love it and can't live without it.
I have only purchased Japenese luxury cars for the past 20 years. This was the perfect storm, Lexus and Acura didn't ring my bell. I hate Infinity and I can never see eye to eye with the German companies. I decided to look at the Cadillacs. No way I was buying one, but I looked anyway. The test drive was fantastic. After much internal agonizing, I went back. There were large rebates in play and they had exactly what I was looking for. I pulled the trigger! I have never enjoyed a vehicle more. Wonderful engineering, beautiful fit and finish and a great stereo system. It has it all, size, comfort, power and a wonderful 50/50 weight distribution. Kudos to the new Cadillac management!
On a trip in Maine on the cruise control very good acceleration. Road handling remarquable. On ice covered of snow in the left lane it is magic
I'm 75 years old, have owned countless cars, and this is the best all around vehicle to date. The Lexus 400h [yes it rattled]was the 2nd worst, which barely beat out the 1974 Chevy Vega. 
I got exactly what I was expecting when I purchased my SRX. I rented a 2007 model while on vacation and fell in love with it. I got back from vacation and bought one four days later. I bought it fully loaded and do not regret my choice.
We traded a 2005 Escalade in on this car. I was very pleased with the Escalade and was hesitant at first with the SRX, but wow. We got the magnet ride, and it can't be better. Cadillac is missing the boat by not advertising this car as much as the others. We tested the Enclave and the Acadia. Go with the Caddy.
I thought I'd do it ... delve into the American car market .. and I have to say ... what a mistake I made. You pay for what you get and this vehicle I suppose sums that up. Nice on the outside and inside I suppose but the drive and the handling .. appalling. Why is it American cars only drive well on a straight flat roads? Here in Europe we have no such thing and can't you tell with this car. Had an X5 and a Range Rover Sport before .. and now I know why. Nevermind .. it does look nice on the drive .. but that's about it. When will Americans ever build .. a decent car? I love to think they will one day. Well I have to go for a wallow down to the local supermarket now.
I can't get enough of driving this car. The ride is excellent. And I love to see heads turn when they approach the vehicle. GM has done their homework.
The SRX handles corners with nimbleness unexpected from a vehicle this large. The styling is classic Cadillac with attention to detail, like real wood grain; solid metal inserts and stitched leather throughout. The Panoramic roof is a sight to behold, gives your passengers the impression that they are in a convertible. The driver is wrapped in controls, but never overwhelmed, everything essential is on the steering column. 
The SRX is a pleasure to drive. The 6-cyl engine has more than enough power and the car is filled with luxury features. Quality throughout. Better gas mileage than comparable Japanese cars (except for hybrids). Very nice.
I purchased two new GM vehicles in 2008, a Cadillac STS AWD and a Silverado 1500 LTZ 4WD. The quality of workmanship was the best I've ever seen in my 53 years of owning and driving all kinds of cars. 0 defects, good fitment, quality throughout. As good over better than any foreign car or truck I've ever been exposed to. Thinks I, "They've finally got it right". 
Leased my 2008 STS in late December, 2007. Failed camshaft sensor, failed right side cam at 13,000 miles, deffective FOB's, 5-burned out lights, deffective driver's seat lumbar system. Dealer is great but car spends too much time in service bay. Will not lease or buy another GM product. Totaly fed up.
Love it, except the paint. The car is black, and I had it waxed immediately, by a professional. The first time I cleaned it myself, I discovered many pock marks on the hood and rear deck. They are in the paint, and wax does not remove them. I am taking it into the dealer to check. The paint is defective, and I hope someone will back it up.
I purchased mine at the end of August when there were only V6 AWD models. I traded my V8 STS and thought I would be taking a step down. With V6 DI engine, I really do not miss the V8. So far this car is solid in all respects; handles well,comfortable, reliable, good mileage and is fast enough. In my opinion, this car favorably competes with BMW, MB and the other usual suspects but after you negotiate your final price, there really is no comparison becuse you pay a lot less. The status of a label is unimportant to me (although a Caddy still has some clout left) and as car enthusiast, I look to the raw driving experience. STS is right there and if the V8 G8 had AWD, I would be driving that.
My first Caddy. I have owned many Lincolns, several Mercedes, a terrific Jag and some unmentionables over my almost 40 years of "business" driving. This car has great styling, exceptional sound system and many, many options. It is very responsive, quite and comfortable to drive. I drove all the "others" before I chose the caddy and price was not a concern. I'm glad to be driving an American sport sedan. It looks good and drive great. Time will tell but so far it's a winner.
The car is fun to drive and is great when its not in the repair shop. I have had my STS in service 2 times in the last three months (BRAND NEW) for different problems. GM and Cadillac treat you like you bought a Chevy.You pay a high end price and get low end service. To sum it up, they suck and I will never buy a GM product again. High end imports are more reliable and give much better customer service.
After 2 BMW,I just bought my first caddy at 36 yrs old.I was just tired seeing BMW,G35,NEW C-class even the new CTS every corner. So I found a great STS. It's very comfy very luxurious and the space inside. The nav with the 15 speakers from Bose? Oh la la. Its the best oem sound system I've ever heard, by the way I am a musician. Of course the mileage is so so I bought the v8. Funny that the hid light are not std for that car. Overall its a good value when reduce cause I wouldn't buy at full retail. I love everything about the car but its not BMW handling and driving experience. When you think about it who care were not formula 1 driver, right? Cadillac: the ultimate luxury experience? I guess
I had S-class Mercedes and BMW 7 several times before. I changed my S500 and I'm glad I did. Those fancy Germans are just not worth the money when it comes to compare.
I bought the V8 style, because adaptive speed control was not available on the V6. I traded in my 2005 STS, and got a great deal on the purchase. To this point, I am very pleased with the car, although gas mileage has not been good. Hopefully, it will get batter as I put more miles on the car. Although my 2008 is still very new,I believe it is a big improvement over the 2005. The car looks and rides better. I believe I made a good decision in purchasing the 2008 STS.
Since January my wife and I have driven this vehicle daily. At 250 miles we took off to Florida from Ohio and averaged 24 mpg at 68 mph. Many times I took it above 75. The six speed transmission feels almost continuously variable. We purchased the navigation option along with the luxury interior package and AWD. I agree 18" wheels would have been nice but the HD brakes are not compatible with this larger wheel. The car performance is smooth and controllable compared to the BMW 535 and the Mercedes E Series. We test drove the CTS and agree with other reviewer that there is no comparison . Quality is unassailable and with 5500 miles ytd we would purchase all over again. 
This is my first Cadillac, & I love it! Everywhere I go, people tell me it is a beautiful car. I love the red of this car, & I love all of the chrome. We took it on a 2500 mile trip two months after buying it, & had a wonderful drive. We did have a problem when pulling over on the highway to change drivers. A rain- filled pot-hole crumpled the front end, not noticeable on the outside. A simple call to OnStar led us to the nearest dealer. The only option we did not get was the navigation system, & I'm fine with that! My husband had wanted a Chrysler 300, & I sold him on this, & so far, he's happy with the car, & me! I love that smiling front end! (On the car!)
Car has been into shop twice with less than 400 miles on the odometer. Today it completely died after refusing to shift into any gear higher than second. Problems with stability control and antilock brake system at 200 miles. Also has some paint flaws that need to be addressed. I'm sorry I tried so hard to buy this vehicle.
I test drove a CTS first. It was just Ok. I then drove the STS and Wow. I was sold! Big difference. They want to sell you a CTS at sticker b/c they make more $ on them, but the STS is worth the extra money, it is much more car. Smooth, quiet, luxurious. This is quite simply a nicer car than the 5- series BMW and E-Class Mercedes without the price tag of the BMW or the poor quality of the Mercedes. I could not tell the difference in performance test driving the V-8 and V-6. The DI V6 feels like a V-8. This car simply babies you. Frustrating that you can't get AWD with all the toys in the V-6. I opted for all the toys on a RWD with the 18" chrome wheels package - Car looks awesome.
Love the car. But difficult to get out of it. Doors seem a bit small. GPS advanced, difficult to learn. Dealer should specifically have someone to spend 30 to 45 minutes with you to review. Would make life easier first few days. Overall very happy and doing better on gas after 350 miles than I expected
First off, I am in full agreement with all preceding reviews. And I wonder why I haven't seen (in last eight months) any media promotion, a commercial or even a simple ad for this sophisticated competitor to the Lexus, Infiniti, BMW, and Benz types. Incidentally, there isn't even any dedicated 2008 STS Forum on Edmunds yet! The only three minuses on the car are the lack of space inside "for stuff" (where to put glasses?), small trunk and overcomplicated nav system, which is, in fact, inferior for instance to the 5-year older 2003 CTS system.
I had driven a Volvo S-60 with AWD and wanted a bigger AWD car. Looked at BMW, Audi, Lexsus and settled on the STS with the new direct injected V-6. Great power, great tranny. Car has every bell and whistle. Love the remote start, heated-cooled seats and the heated steering wheel. Car is good looking outside and very attractive inside. Great highway cruiser but also very agile and responsive in city driving. In snow or rain the AWD is superb!
I was really excited about getting this car. I wanted the Bluetooth capability and ordered the vehicle when I discovered it was included. However, the voice recognition system is quite faulty as it just does not work properly. Cadillac just installed a second nav radio to combat this problem and still it does not respond to voice commands. When a command is given, it responds three times with "Pardon" and then says "Command not recognized." Because of this, I am not able to make telephone calls except when the vehicle is in park. Not at all convenient. Maybe Cadillac will fix this problem. I hope so.
Have only owned the Caddy for a couple of weeks, and I am very impressed. I looked at evrything from BMW's, Acrua's other Cadillac's, and even the new Buick Enclave. I live in snow country of upper Michigan, and the STS afforded me the opportunity to own a classy, Luxury car with AWD. Gas mileage is great compared to owning an SUV upper here. And the in-line V6 has all the get up an go that I would need. At first the Navigation system appears to offer it self to one with a degree in computers, but a little hands on time is all thats needed. Cost more than the CTS, but you get more and it is defintely a better auto for the extra money!
We enjoy driving this car and both want to drive when we go. Handles fantastic and could not be quieter. The direct injected six is more powerful than my old Seville V8, has more horsepower. The mileage is better than the 2001 Seville as well. Interior finish is tops, the programing features took some time to master for the memory feature. Very happy with this car and no bag of money had to go to Japan!
I just traded in my 2003 v-8 FWD SLS for a new 2008 v-6 STS RWD. Having driven the '03 for 4 years and the '08 for only a few weeks short weeks, I can say that the '08 is by far a better car. That is not to say anything bad about the '03, just that Cadillac got it right with this one. RWD, IMHO, is a much better way to design and build this class of car. I got the car pretty much loaded up. Sticker was ~$54K. The larger 18" wheels included in the 1SC Luxury Performance package, along with the HD brakes really make this a driving machine. 
I like this car. However, the manual reads like it was written in a language other than English. Instead of providing information, the manual refers you to two other pages to get the information. The navigation system is nice, but difficult to learn and again the manual is little to no help. The seats are comfortable and I like the sporty ride. The glove compartment is way too small. I do not like the fact that when opening the trunk, it does not open fully. As a photographer I have arms full of equipment. I would have liked the trunk to open so I could put the equipment in the trunk instead of on the ground so I can manually open the trunk. Not a convenient feature.
08 has great looks and comfort. New V6 ans sheet metal improvements creates great appeal. Was looking at BMW, Mercedes Audi, Lexus and Infiniti for the money the STS was the best buy, 
2008 STS Just delivered and drove from East Hampton Long Island to Myrtle Beach South Carolina. Wife and kids love the ride on this car, more than our former BMW 5 series. MPG combined on the car's computer stunned us with 21.6 combined, and 27 mpg all day long on the highway, running 87 octane!
302-horsepower engine with direct injection V6. A bolder look on the outside and inside will attract younger buyers. I am 41. I wanted a 4 wheel drive car that can accommodate 3 car seats in the back. I looked at the BMW 535xi, Lexus GS350 AWD Infiniti M35 (currently drive Infiniti M45) at Audi A6. For the money the 2008 I stress the 2008 STS was the best value. The increased performance and the side air extractors, incorporated into the front fenders of STS. New chrome-plated door handles and lower rocker moldings are added for more presence and refinement. 
Bought the Avalanche to replace my Silverado. Couldn't be happier except I can't get my wife out of the Avalanche! Got the White Diamond package with 22" wheels. Took it to the car wash last week and when finished the young man asked for the owner and another customer said he wished it was his. Two of the young men wiping it down mentioned what a "sweet ride" I had. Drove from Utah to Texas and back fully loaded and averaged over 20 mpg at over 70 mph. Extremely comfortable ride on the open road! The folding steps are great! I'm over 6' tall and my wife is 5'; the adjustable pedals and memory seats make the truck a joy for both. Almost a year and a half and no visits to the shop.
This is the ideal truck for business that includes taking clients to the field. It travels superbly, and gets better than 18 mpg if driven 65-70 mph. MPG drops quickly if over 70. The only complaint is its ground clearance, which has resulted in some scrapes to the wheel well corners; not noticeable, but it would be nice if it rode about 2" higher. I would recommend this vehicle to anyone who can afford it, although its value to me has far exceeded the pick-ups I have had in the past. I will drive an Avalanche LTZ as long as GM can afford to make 'em.
I traded in a 2003 Dodge Ram QuadCab- Laramie edition, that I purchased new for a Chevy Avalanche LTZ, with Rocky Ridge customization package. I had visited several dealers in Hampton Roads, VA, and none had anything that met my needs. I found exactly what I wanted on eBay. My son and I drove over 400 miles Friday April 16, 2009 and traded in our old Dodge and bought the new Chevy Avalanche LTZ. The truck in white diamond (pearl white) with customization package makes it look just like the Escalade. 
I am a lady that bought this as a surprise for my husband. I love it so much that I'm probably going to buy one for me next year. I love the rear assist camera, heated seats, and power retractable steps. I was a previous Camry owner and I've never owned an American car before. If this truck lasts for 10 years like my Toyotas, I'll never buy another foreign car again. I am super impressed with the Chevy Avalanche.
I was t-boned on driver's side/other guy going about 50! Walked away from my 2007 Avalanche. Side bags saved my life, as did the vehicle. Avalanche was totaled, as was F250 diesel that hit me. Cops said Avalanche saved my life without question. Bought a new 2008 LTZ. Can't say enough about how great both have been. Not a problem on either one. Had a 2004 Deville and these trucks ride and perform as well as the Caddy. If class, quality, ride, safety, and good looks are important then this is your vehicle. I can't stress how great I feel with all the safety features built into this truck.
This is the smoothest, most comfortable, versatile truck in the world. I bought a new LT last year and dad and I made a trip up to WI., from Florida. He couldn't believe it was a pick up truck. It truly has a better ride than my wife's Cadillac. The storage is awesome and abundant and the cabin is as comfortable as sitting in a lazyboy in your living room. The only thing I don't like is that my wife likes it better than her new Caddy, so it looks like we will probably have 2 of them in the near future. You can really dress these trucks up too if you're in to that. Chevrolet never seems to advertise these trucks. If they knew what they were doing, they would put everyone else out of business.
I chose the LS model for two reasons, first it was a few thousand dollars cheaper, and second, it had the 40/20/40 split bench, which I like better than the bucket seats that are the only option in the pricier LT and LTZ models. I really like this truck. It is a no-compromise crew cab (essentially, a Tahoe from the rear seats forward) that is easy to get into (I seldom even bother with the running boards, but then, I'm 6'3", my wife who is 5'2" uses the running boards and has no problems getting inside). The performance is excellent. Using the midgate, I can haul an object as big as a full sized couch with the rear seats down. I got 21.8 MPG on a recent road trip, hard to beat that!
We've been eyeing an Avalanche for years now and finally bought one with the employee pricing in Sept '08. Interior is very impressive and the ride is suprisingly smooth for a truck. The climate control knobs could be easier to use when driving and a coin holder would be nice. Backing up is tough but the park assist helps a lot. Everyone who rides in the truck comments about how nice the ride is (even other truck owners). Gas mileage is almost exactly the same as the 2004 Jeep Grand Cherokee 6cylinder we sold to buy this. We avg 15.5 mpg and could do better if we tried to use 4cyl mode more often. 4WD engagement is seamless.
Nothing beats this vehicle for flexibility, functionality, performance and comfort. An awesome combination for an active family of four. Averaging almost 19 overall with typical NJ suburban traffic. Overall extremely satisfied with the entire package, best truck I have ever owned. Thanks Chevy
Fabulous in every way. Quiet, strong, versatile, and gets better mpg than Tundra. Have owned every truck known to man. This by far is the best beast out there! Has the appeal of a Cadillac, with plenty of features that would have you believe you were driving one.
For those who don't need a truck all the time, but need one occasionally the Avalanche is a perfect fit. It is built on a Suburban frame so it rides much more smoothly than a truck. The bed can be made into an 8 footer and makes a great bed for camping trips with the seats folded down. Very good build quality. GM makes good trucks and SUVs, my previous vehicle was a Tahoe.
For those who don't need a truck all the time, but need one occasionally the Avalanche is a perfect fit. It is built on a Suburban frame so it rides much more smoothly than a truck. The bed can be made into an 8 footer and makes a great bed for camping trips with the seats folded down. Very good build quality. GM makes good trucks and SUVs, my previous vehicle was a Tahoe.
I owned a 2002 and traded it for an 07 Tundra. Big mistake! The ride quality and interior comfort can't compare! My 08 LTZ is awesome! Extremely comfortable! The remote start gets the truck just right before you climb in. I love that it has everything! Back-up camera is too cool! Averaging 17MPG overall which is 2 MPG better than my 02. I have averaged over 20 on highway trips! Bedmat keeps cargo where you put it, but makes some things hard to load/unload. Tows like a dream! 5.3 has plenty of what you need in a truck...power!
Can honestly say this is most comfortable truck I have ever driven. I have only ever owned Dodge and cross shopped this with the new crew-cab Ram. The Avalanche drives as well as the Ram even with its new coil rear suspension. The Avalanche interior is very sophisticated - more SUV than truck.
I own a 2008 LTZ and absolutely love it! It drives extremely smooth. I have had little to no maintenance issues. The feautres are absolutely great. It is everything I would want in an SUV but also in a truck.
Wow. Can't say enough about this truck. Was considering the Tundra 4dr/4wd. But that would have cost about $5,000 more plus a cover. If you take my price and compare it to what I would have gotten if I'd gone Toyota, you'd be amazed. The Avalanche has a better interior and a better ride (not as stiff). The utility is also better as the seats can be folded or the cover stored. It may not be as fast as the Tundra, but if you are doing hwy miles, you should get this. I traded in a 1998 Toyota. I'm impressed. No problems yet. I also like the oil filter/drain set- up. Much better than the competitors if you do it yourself.
What is the Avalanche, a pick up truck, an SUV, a motorcycle hauler, a comfortable long range cruiser, a technical wonder? The answer is, all of the above. The Avalanche does so many tasks with ease. I load with people some times, or haul one of my motorcycles in the back or both. The LTZ with the auto leveling suspension handles that with grace. This is my second Avalanche as I had a 2002 when I was living in NH. Both have / were totally dependable with no issues what so ever. (to be expected from an American car, I know). The 08 with this advance handling and suspension is a dream to drive in very slippery conditions. Buy one you won't regret it.
Well, it has been about a year since I bought this vehicle. I have even nicer things to say than when I had just acquired it. This is a very dependable, comfortable, powerful, luxurious SUV that also is a truck. And, you can write the whole thing off on your taxes because it is over 6,000 pounds and it is technically a truck! Buy American and feel good about it! Less costly than Toyota or others out there. Chevy will deal! I got the extended warranty but don't think I'll need to use it much; this is a very reliable vehicle. 
I have owned several GMC crew and extended cabs and a Yukon but this Avalanche really does have it all. I have the Z71 package which I think gives it a little better look. The side locked storage is great as well as the looked tailgate with a water tight cargo area. Smooth as a nice car yet tough as a truck. Truly has it all. The more I learned about it after I bought it, the more I liked it. This Avalanche is like home to me, so comfortable.
I love this truck--and yes, I'm a girl! I just bought my Avalanche after months of looking around and comparing other SUVs and trucks. Overall, I really liked the Avalanche's versatility as an SUV/truck combo. I must say, though, that Chevrolet's use of the White Diamond exterior paint is what put me over the top. This truck is absolutely gorgeous--the cashmere leather interior and the 20" chrome wheels & chrome accents really make this truck a showgirl! If you are looking to purchase an Avalanche, I suggest you spring for the LTZ package. You won't be sorry you did. All the extra features are really nice and make the whole driving experience enjoyable. 
This is my 3rd Avalanche. Have had an 02 and 04. Bought an 07 Silverado and didn't like that at all. Only had around 9000 miles when I got rid of it. The Silverado got the worse gas mileage I have ever gotten with one, and have had them for years. So, was able to go back to the truck I love. It is so versitle. Can fit sheets of plywood and drywall in without issues at all. The storage areas are great as well. There is so much room that everyone can travel in comfort. Drove straight through to FL one year and put a futon mattress in the back/folded the seat down and the kids had all the room they needed along with all the luggage. Has to be the best product GM has come out with!
I have always been a Ford fan, and still have nothing bad to say, but this is the best vehicle I have ever owned. I love this truck. I looked at the F-150, Tundra and even the MB GL, but I was drawn back to this truck every time. It's functional, practical, has a very roomy and comfortable back seat, the plactic bed cover is more durable than the steel ones I have seen. I own a BMW and this truck's interior fit and finish is just as luxurious as my BMW's is. I have never been happier with a purchase, I'm averaging 15 MPG, not great, but not bad for a pickup. I had a lot of people point me towards the Tundra, I would not do an even swap if you paid me $10k more. I'm a bowtie guy now!
I bought a new LT Avalanche in 2006 and just now traded it in to a 2008. We just wanted the new design. We had no problems at all with our 2006. I love the way they drive and handle. I wish I had paid the difference and got the LTZ package. I love everything about it and hope this one is as good as my 2006.
I traded in my 2001 GMC Sierra 1500HD 4WD for this vehicle and I am very impressed. Chevy really did there homework. I got the 6.0L 4WD LTZ w/chrome pkg. (ie. loaded). It drives like a sedan with no problem getting into regular parking spaces. There was no way I could take my old truck where parking was a concern. It is quiet but with plenty of power. Extremely comfortable with a silky smooth ride. Midgate and side coolers are very functional. I did not have to buy an additional bedliner and fiberglass cap. No problem putting tall things in the back. This ride is smoother than my Corvette and much more refined than any other truck out there! 
The price tag was expensive, but it was well worth it. I got the chrome edition with 22" wheels. I love it! It drives like a car, but has the benefits of a truck. I recommend it a 100 times over. The fuel management system does save me a little gas too. 
I traded in my 07 Trailblazer SS for this vehicle. It rides far better and while it does not have the blazing fast speed of the SS, it does very well for a big truck and gets a lot better fuel economy than the SS did with it's LS2 Corvette motor. Still Adjusting the the size of it vs. the TrailBlazer, but overall am very happy with it. Got a great deal--almost 10,000 of the sticker and 0% financing to boot. I believe that I will be very happy with this vehicle.
I traded a 2007 Nissan Titan Crew Cab LE in on this vehicle, hands down this is a far better vehicle. It's rides and handle better than the F-150s I have own, and for me to say this about a Chevy, this is really saying something. What else can I say a great vehicle with great flexability.
I thought long and hard before buying this vehicle. I compared it to the Cadillac EXT, Toyota Tundra Ltd, Ford F-150 King Ranch, Dodge TD, GMC 2500 Duramax TD w/ Allison6spd. In the end, all those other vehicles were just trucks. If what you really want is a truck, then buy the GMC or the Tundra, in my opinion. If what you want is really a very nice SUV with lots of bells & whistles that also doubles as a pickup truck, then the Avalanche is for you as it was for me. I have every toy you can get on this LTZ and I suggest you either get the LTZ or the LT3 w/Z71. No LTZ ride leveling on the LT3 though. No 4x4 in the Caddy available.
The 2008 LTZ is the most comfortable truck on the market. It has been a pleasure to drive and ride in. When your wife likes the mans toys "ie truck" then you know that you have made the right choice. Will be a pleasure to drive on long trips
I traded a 2003 Chevrolet Avalanche for this 2008. I put 52,000 miles on my 2003 and only had to change the tires and one light bulb. The vehicle is great and I couldn't be more satisified with the new one. I was concerned about the low height of the front valance, but so far it has not been a problem. Also, I went from cloth seats to leather and was concerned about the change. However, I can't be happier especially when I turn on the heated seats in cold weather.
I traded my 04 TrailBlazer EXT for a 2008 Z71. It has much better gas mileage. Every feature you could ask for, comfortable ride. Looks great. Added some accesories, wind visors and bug guard. Plenty of leg room in front and back. 
Turned in our Suburban on a lease return and bought an Avalance. Black with two tone platinum interior LTZ loaded. Love this truck. The LTZ has everything you could want. Incredible interior with leather and lots of room. The exterior has a great design and love the custom grill and 20" wheels. The unique design as far as the way the back bed folds down and the back window come out is really an engineering marvel. get lots of looks in this truck, the black with the chrome accents really sets this truck apart. Can not wait to add some custom features I have already found. I was able to negotiate a great deal as well and GM is offering some really great incentives. 50 mile 5 year warranty wow
I traded a 2003 Z71 for a 2008 Z71. Many improvements, all for the better. This is a very dependable vehicle but components do go bad. There are so, so many that make it perform like it does I can't say enough good things about the 2008 Avalanche Z71. It is a go- getter. Although a little pricey the astute buyer can do his homework and negotiate smartly and save some money.
When gas prices started rising we decided to buy an economy car. The Aveo was advertised at getting app. 34 mpg. This car is not what we expected. It has a slow jumpy start until it warms up, it only gets 17 to 18 mpg. The accelerator acts like its stuck wide open when it is started for the first time in the mornings. I have been told by the dealer that the engine is performing the way it was designed to.Most of my driving is to and from work, which is a 40 mile round trip. The gas mileage does not vary if my driving is on the highway or in town with a lot of starts and stops.
I was disappointed in buying the 2008 Aveo. The car was defective with no parking light, driving panel lights and shifter indicator light. The dealership closed that day and I was pressured into buying the car. I drove the car not feeling safe in it. 
Just bought a used Aveo 5 with 5speed. I earlier had bought a new intro Aveo in 2004. I was never quite happy with the mileage. I aso found the shifter really mushy and it really needed an armrest. Those issues are fixed in the 2008. I get 37+ on the highway (70-75mph) and the old one would only get 33 if you babied it at <65mph. The shifter is much improved, it now has an armrest an the handling is much tighter. I gave up A/C to get a cheap purchase price but haven't missed A/C so far. I still am concerned about the reported troublesome timing belt but will just plan on 50K replacement. All-in-all I find the Aveo 5 very fine for my needs- inexpensive-fun to drive- efficient.
I love my Aveo, but am not excited about my fuel consumption. I live in Canada and am supposed to get up to 49 mpg and I average 36mpg. I am guessing now that it could have something to do with my throttle body as it is presently in the shop being replaced. On Friday my service engine light came on, I had been noticing a choppy feeling in the car and thought it wasn't getting its fuel properly for some time now but tried to explain it off for something else. When the light came on I had no other choice than to except my first assumption. Hopefully this change will improve my gas mileage.
This is my 2nd Aveo hatchback. My 1st was a 2004 (1st year production). It was the automatic and I learned that to get the most out of this vehicle, I should have gotten the 5-speed. I only had this car for 1 year as I traded it on a Honda Element. I regretted it from day one. Anyway, last year (2008) I purchased another Aveo5 LS 5-speed new for $12,000 "out-the-door". It was equipped with factory cruise control and was pinstriped! I now have almost 25,000 miles on it and it still is a great car! I get an honest 35 MPG without the air on and 32 with the air on. I have noticed that on the highway I only get 30 MPG when the cruise is set to 72 MPH. Great car..minor issues covered by warranty.
I was searching for a used car, well a man I know buys wrecked cars and fixes them up, I happened to see this lil 08 Aveo, and bought it on the spot, the front bumper is cracked but other than that it looks great, I drive alot because I am a grandma and the Aveo gets great mpg. The check engine light was flickering and the mechanic said it just needed an o2 sensor, not bad for 48000 miles runs and drives like new, o and the bumper is only 130.00 online!
This is a great little car for people who drive a lot. It is comfortable and reliable and the gas price is excellent especially if you get the federal reimbursement rate. I am having trouble with the front tires wearing unevenly on the outsides. Just be aware that I have 28,000 miles on this car and bought it brand new with 13 miles. I am on the second set of tires and will be needing new ones to pass state inspection. Another Oveo driver I know has the same problem also. The tires are rotated and balanced appropriately. Just be aware you may need tires yearly. I have not had any other problem with the car besides this. 
I'm a college student and this is definitely great for that. I bought it new. Once I got an oil change and rotated the tires it drove like a dream. It survived a harsh winter and still holds up. You might need better tires for the snow. I wish the speaker system was a bit better. Also there's a design flaw that causes the windshield to whistle from an air pocket when I drive on the highway. Also the check engine light is on and I've only had the car for a year. The car is really roomy despite its outward appearance. It's definitely a good car. Oh yeah, amazing gas mileage! Saves me money!
I absolutely loved this car at first. It was the first car I had ever bought in which I picked it out and everything. It was the perfect color-- blue my favorite! And great gas mileage, I got 35 mpgs which was great for commuting to school... But within 5 days I had to take it back to the dealer for the sensors coming on and the gas gauge not working. I also have had two problems with the "shift-lock release" first the solenoid was replaced then, last week, the whole shifting column! I have had the car less than a year! Before this, I owned a Toyota and a Ford and I was never disappointed and now I know I never should have gotten a Chevy aveo. 
My wife & I love the car even after downsizing from a mid-size auto. I was shocked when I was told about the car requires a 400.00 tune-up, coolant change every 36000 miles and a new timing belt after 60000. Dealer never mention that at the time of sale!!! Other than those items the auto is nice for the $$$$$$ 
We purchased this LS with air and auto for $9,340. We have been looking at Aveos since they came out. We love the way they sit. They sit high, so you don't have to fall into the seat and clamber out. The mpg is disappointing so far. Just 22 mpg city. I figure I can afford at least $10,000 worth of gasoline before I reach the price of a hybrid. I don't think that the hybrids would ever match the overall economy. We really do like this car. It could be a little wider for large people though, and I don't understand why little cars don't have arm rests for both front seats, or one that is big enough for both people. Right now, I would say go for the best priced non hybrid to save the most money. 
29,000 miles and doing exactly what is expected of it, with no issues. Auto averages 29 mpg in WV terrain. The door does lock without the key! Just lock the door then hold out on the door handle when you shut-it and it'll stay locked. A little word of advice for those of you who are planning on owning for a good while. Keep the pil changed and use good quality oil. The oil pick-up tubes in these engines are very small and will sludge-up creating a blow-by which will cause the exhaust to smoke and loss of oil, power, and potential over heating, and small engines don't like being overheated.
If money were no object, some relatively minor improvments would make the Aveo a contender. So, for the price paid ($10,400 brand new off the lot!), this car was a fantastic deal. Since new, and now with 11,000 miles, only two minor problems: a tire pressure sensor went on one wheel. No biggie. This was repaired by the dealer with no issues. Developed a front-end shudder due to improper lug torque on both front wheels. Again, an easy fix. Design and build quality is excellent. Seams are even and tight. Not a squeak or rattle has developed. Motor remains perky and trouble-free (easy starts, no stalls). There is a buzz in the gas pedal over 60 mph, but have learned to deal with it.
Averaging 28mpg with mixed highway and city driving. Sound system good, rides nice, my son loves it. He can't wait to drive it and he's 12. Only issue is the tire pressure monitor comes on when temps go below 20 degrees (gotta love New England)
I bought this car as a winter/mileage maker instead of driving my 05 GTO. I average 35 mpg on country road driving. The price and warranty were excellent. I paid under 8k with incentives. If you are looking for a cheap reliable car with 100k mile warranty this is it!
This car not only was darned cheap to buy, it also has proven to be dependable. It's also surprisingly roomy and pretty quiet. For basic transportation, this about as good as it gets. I used to be very wary of Korean-built cars, but I"m sold on this one.
I wanted to write this review due to the fact that people have complained about this lovely car a lot. I got a 08 Chevy Aveo because I needed something better for my job and this car fit perfectly. No it doesn't have the power of a Corvette but if I wanted the power of a Corvette I would have bought one! This car has been getting me from point A to point be and this is a nice family car but sporty looking too!
After paying almost $200 for a tank of gas in my Suburban, I decided it was time to make a change! I wanted a "no frills" car, didn't even know if they made such a thing! When I saw the Aveo5, it was exactly what I was looking for! After the initial shock of switching from a Suburban to this car, I was in love! Drove 2,000 miles the first month just because it is so fun to drive! My monthly payment is less than the cost of one tank of gas in my Suburban! I did have a stereo installed. Couldn't deal with AM/FM...but other than that, I'm as thrilled as can be with my car. Her name is "No Frill Lil"....very basic, but an awesome drive!
Based on other reviews I've read, it seems to me that the people who are most dissatisfied with this car are those who expect to get a Corvette or a Cadillac for the Aveo's price. After my test drive, I was really quite impressed. It's obviously no Corvette, but it accelerates better than I expected. The engine is smooth and the 5 speed transmission is easy to drive. I am 6' tall. I have plenty of head & leg room in both the driver and passenger seats. The seats are firm, but comfortable. I've driven the Aveo for an hour on the highway several times with no comfort problems. The hatchback holds tons of stuff. Taken it to the hardware store and Costco and were able to haul everything we needed.
Bought the LT Aveo. What a great suprise. Good looks. Great mileage 27 city 35-39 hwy. Great stereo system. If you want a car that gets graet mileage and you don't want to pay through the nose for it get an Aveo LT with the moon roof, you'll love it..
This car was much better than I even expected! It has great power for only a 4 cylinder engine. That is saying a lot. Has chrome areas, built much better than the Chevys I have had in the past which include a Cavalier and a Lumina. I have a sunroof, spoiler, makes it sporty yet still a family car.
Great car for the money. Honest! We've got the manual loaded with the sunroof/moonroof. Not the most fun car I've ever bought but a great one. I needed a cheap car that got good gas mileage. I wanted a hybrid but figured that extra $8-13 grand would buy a lot of gas at $4 a gallon. I've owned this for 10 months (took in once for a sensor, fixed that day) and only have 7,500 miles. If you drive it gently (Yeh, not my style either) you'll get the estimated mileage or slightly better. I'll never call this a "fun" ride, but I'll always call it a smart ride. Need more fun, room, or "style", then spend the money. Need around 200 or-less miles a week and real economy, give an Aveo a look.
I purchased my Aveo in Sept 2007 when I traded in my 2005 Cobolt. Have driven 11,00+ miles in all road conditions, weather conditions, both highway and city. I couldn't be more pleased with the way it handles, reliability, gas mileage and appearance. I have received numerous compliments on it. I can't understand why I don't see more of them on the road and why they are advertised very little. I would recommend this car to anybody and in fact have done so. 
I was planning to buy a Toyota Yaris but stopped to look at the Aveo and got it instead. I liked the 4 door and the price was thousands less. I got the 5 speed and wish I had the auto. I added cruise control and use the car for hiway driving. I can get 40mpg on long distances, but generally average about 36mpg. Worst thing is the sloppy shifter and hard seats. Lots of best things: Easier to get in & out of than my Buick, 4 doors, great mpg, easy to park and do u-turns, very simple interior controls.
I had to purchase a vehicle for work that didn't leave me nothing in the bank. I drive all day, and love this car. If you want bang for buck this is the car. Not only practical, but suprisingly all around good vehicle. It is fun to drive and has some zip to it. The best head room for a small car. Great MPG's, Good looking car, Fun to drive. Highly recomend checking it out. I chose this vehicle over Honda, Toyota, or Ford. Test drove them all. 
I bought this car three weeks ago and I havent looked back. I bought the Value Special stickered for $10,700. I paid $7700. There is no car anywhere close to this price that performs this well. I don't feel buying this car loaded is a smart deal at $14,500. But at $11K to $8K you cant go wrong. Rides nice. front seats fit me great. Great 5 speed transmission. Shifts smooth. Good fit and well I think it is fun to drive. I drive 300 miles a week for work and spend around $36 to $38 in gas a week. Payments are low, gas bills are low. What is not to like. Sure there are nicer cars out there but at twice the price.
I love it. I purchased an Aveo for a work/travel car and price and fuel economy made me take a look at it. So far I am extremely impressed. It won't win many races, but is peppy. It is capable of getting more mpgs than 33mpg/gallon. A great value, but is realy a basic car. If you want good value and basic transportation you cant beat it. My neighbor likes it better than his Honda Civic!
All in all this car is fun to drive, lots of room. Found it in no way cramped even though I am over 6 ft tall. Small but makes you think you are in larger car. Great value for what you get! Paid more for my bike then this car. Great for my long commutes to the oil sands.
 If you're looking for a small car with good features and good gas mileage this is a good choice. Lots of room big trunk and fun to drive. If your looking for a pocket rocket shop else where. It does what it is supposed to at a good price. Would recommend. 
This was my first car and I couldn't ask for anything better. It's affordable and very reliable. I've only had it for 2 months but it's been wonderful. As of now I only average 18 mpg, but it's brand new. After I break it in I hope to average at least 24 mpg. Otherwise they'll need to be more honest about the actual mileage.
This car is a great car and it does have a good amount of pick-up. The price for the car is good. The interior carpet is a little cheap looking and feeling. I also have a Hyundai Accent hatchback SE 2007 which is lemon lawed and being bought back. I would like to see this car with 4 disc breaks rather then 2 but what can you do. I would also like a different color opt for inter leather (black). This is a opt for 2009. I did a few things with this car to make it stand out. I had the break calipers panted Chevy orange also tinted 20% with auto start and mobile in dash DVD 
I have only had this car about 2 months, but I was in love with it from the start. My boyfriend begs to drive it any chance he gets. It is very fuel efficient, I have the optional automatic transmission, with the average for me being 27 mpg (all city. I am happy with this car and would recommened it to any asking.
I was looking for a car with good gas mileage and enough room inside for my 12 year old son who is now 5'11 1/2" tall. He needs room to grow over the next 3-4 years of anticipated ownership and is supposed to end up about 6'6" tall! We checked out a variety of cars in the similar class, with fuel efficiency & cabin size being the #1 priorities. Not only does the Aveo offer ample headroom and decent leg space for a compact car, but it's paying for itself! The reduced insurance cost, improved gas mileage and decent styling led us to this car. Our former car was an Xterra, and there is as much interior cabin space in this tiny Aveo as we had before - but more then twice the MPG's.
I have seen just a few reviews that dont like the Aveo. I have had mine six months and some of the complaints are hard to understand. Gas mileage and room are the two that bother me most. Only a few have written but I would like to say I get 36 to 41+ driving country roads and some city. No highway. I am 6 ft 1 in tall weigh 265 pounds and it is more room than I need. My nephew is 6 ft 5 in tall and he has no problem at all. I have 7000+ miles on my car and I love it. So all I can say is try it out make your own decision. It is by far the least inexpensive. I paid $8998 with air. Super car to me.
I have been driving this car for 3 months now. I average 22.5 MPG in mostly suburban driving, with a roundtrip distance to work of 20 miles each day. I also use it to deliver papers in every morning, which takes about 30 minutes. I use to do the same routine in a Honda Civic which had a larger engine and got 30 MPG. So I am very disapointed with the fuel economy. Even open road driving you can watch that gas gauge visibly drop. You cannot lock the driver side door except by using the key - this is a pain when you have bundles to carry and/or its raining.
We bought this to replace a Ford Explored the daughter was driving to college. The Exploder was costing me $75 a week in gas. The Aveo (Buttercup) as she calls it run me $30 a week. She can fit her large drum set in it, and all her junk. It's a great little car, and a super value for the money. 12K tax and tag. 
I researched everything under $20k. My Aveo is loaded with everything they had and was still sub $15k. What a great car. Small enough to be economical, heavy enough to ride smoothly and quietly. I'm 6'0 275 lbs. Best fit of any car smaller than Chevy Malibu. If you're looking for zoom-zoom, this is not for you. If you want a comfy ride, low road and engine noise, plenty of interior room, upscale accessories and good mileage (I avg. 32) all at a great price, then the Aveo is your ride. Much better than Yaris, Scion, Versa, Fit. There are some bad reviews out there, but that's true with any car. I have been a Toyota believer for 30 yrs. The Aveo beats every other small car hands down!
I bought this car for the gas mileage. I drive at least 30 miles a day in my commute to work 6 days a week. Supposedly it gets 33 mpg highway. I drive the express lanes at 60 mph every day with 2 to 3 miles of my commute on surface streets. I am getting between 22 to 24 mpg consistently. I am very disappointed. My son is 6 foot tall and even with the seat all the way back his legs are almost resting on the steering wheel. It comes with an arm rest which is so far back in the seat it barely reaches my hip and is so low that I can only rest my wrist on it if I reach behind me. As far as driving goes it is easy to drive. I have to fill up every 4 days. My other car went 1 1/2 weeks per fill up.
I would recommend this car to others based on initial driving. It has exceeded my expectations, which were for a small, simple, economical car. First tank of gas off the dealer's lot in 60/40 highway/city driving for 2 different drivers yielded 32.8 mpg. Haven't owned it long enough to rate build and reliability. For an economy car, I find the engine performance more than adequate, although not fast. 65mph comes in at just under 3000rpm. Ride is comfortable for a small car. Like the forward dash and high ceilings, which create greater interior room. Initially looked for used, but price of a new (with A/C installed by dealer) came in within budget.
This is the kind of car that these manufacturers are producing. Good on gas, drives like a big car, fun to drive, most specially, very practical. For a single mom like me, there is no car in the market that is comparable with the quality, prize for your money and so far no major problem. I just follow the maintenance schedule and voila, the car just simply perform and does its job. I will highly recommend this as a good buy 
Have owned about 6 months, 6000+ miles. Was impressed when I bought and even more so now. Fit and finish inside and out is still excellent. No new noise or vibrations. Still tight and solid. I am 6 ft 1 in tall weigh 265 lbs. I am very comfortable. The ride is super for such a small cheap (cost not build) car. Was getting 39 to 41 mpg driving very conservitive. Tried driving more agressive and still got 37 mpg. This is with some city more country driving with stops. No highway. Based only on my experence it is the best small car I have ever owned. Have had Toyota, Honda, Ford, Mazda. Am 52 years old. Had a lot of cars. I hope everyone finds a car they like as much as I do this one.
I am a car enthusiast who wanted a car that was low in price but would be fun to drive .This car has more than exceeded expectations The car we bought is bright blue , has manual tranny , roll up windows , six speaker upgraded CD radio , optional 15 inch aluminum wheels. Upgrades after purchase include hood protector, custom side moulding, LED tail light bulbs. A local performance shop fabricated a straight thru flowmaster muffler and pipe that bolted onto the original exhaust to give car a bit of a growl and more get up and go. My wife refers to the Aveo as a Flintstones Pedal Car" because it is so small and unadorned with frills. I just love it , best car I have ever owned.
If you are looking for a great quality affordable car. The Aveo LS Sedan is the best! The gas mileage for me is 33hwy and 27city. It is so affordable and for it to cost so low it really looks nice from the inside out. The design of the Euro lights to the cool sound of the six Speakers built inside. The seats are pure comfort and the Woodgrain adds a very nice touch. If you do lots of traveling then you would really want to consider this pick. Its drives very smooth and you do not hear much outside noise. This is my first time owning an American car, and the way I see it if you pick the Aveo you will forever be a Chevy fan!
This is one fine small car. Interior comfort and quility is more than expected for a car this size. The exterior is great to me. I love it. Now as to mileage going back and forth to work and driving around, I have gotten over 40 miles to a gallon. I do drive easy but still I think for the cost there is no comparision to other cars in class. This is by far better. I know others would not be better on mileage than this one I own. Best small car I have owned. I think for price I paid and mileage I get this is the cheapest to own don't care how you compute it. Love this car. 
This car has been better than expected. Lots of room very nice ride and gas mileage has been outstanding the first tank we got 33.1. I have an 85 mile daily commute 75 hyw and it averages 33-37 mpg all the time and its an auto trans. Saved thousands over Toyota, Honda, and Nissan. Drove them all and this car is just as good.
This car is a great value for the price. It has excellent reliablity and is a great commuter car. I do a lot of driving and this car is perfect for it. It has a nice European stling and look to it. Would recommend it for someone that does alot of driving.
This is one fine small car. Interior comfort and quility is more than expected for a car that cost 8998 with air.The exterior is great to me. I love it.Now as to mileage going back and forth to work and driving around no highway I have gotten over 40 miles to a gallon. I do drive easy but still I think for the cost there is no comparision to other cars in class. This is by far better.I know others would not be better on mileage than this one I own. Best small car I have owned and I have owned Toyota, Honda, Ford, Masda. I think for price I paid and mileage I get this is the cheapest to own don't care how you compute it. Love this car.
Bought a 5 door hatch in the LS trim in March of 2008. Did lots of research on the car and found it to be as advertised. Gas mileage is roughly 30 on the highway and about 25 city. Not quite as good as I would expect in a vehicle of this size. Aerodynamics are questionable as the vehicle is boxy and this probably leads to some loss of mileage. I took the car on a trip to a surrounding state and found that it did surprisingly well on the highways, even on a very windy day. Cruise control would be a nice addition for higway driving. The interior is surprisingly roomy and 4 people can be fairly comfortable for short hops. This is an excellent commuter car and has some nice features.
I love my 2008 Aveo that I purchased in aug 2007 however I have had some problems with it. Not once but twice the struts had to be changed (the same side). And just a month ago it was in the shop for 3 weeks because something happened to my transmission. Now that it is fixed and it is running okay I love it. I get great gas mileage and I love that it has 4 doors. Great for families with a 5 year old like me and still is somewhat sporty. Love the spoiler.
With negotiation, rebates and GM card earnings,paid $11,133 for all-option car listing at $17,255. City mileage 26-30mpg;no highway trips yet. I love this little car for what we have been using it for. It is comfortable, and although not a high performer, has plenty of zip for city and highway driving. I am impressed with the build quality,'though carpeting is not dense. Winter mats are $80 for the set, are a custom fit and have good water retention edges. Rear seat a little tight, but rarely used. Mud flaps offer great protection. Modest steering vibration (Engine idle feedback), but no worse than Honda Civic Hybrid. Our other cars are a newer Suburban and Tahoe, Corvette and Ford GT. 
Bought the Special Value package to be able to park my F150 for the daily commute (90 mi round trip). Bought it for just under $7700 and have been very pleased with it so far. Gas mileage averaging about 29, but that is due to either in-town driving, or 75 MPH highway, very little in between. Can live without AC, will just drive the truck when it's too hot. No big deal on the cheapo radio, easily remedied for $150. Has a few things I wasn't expecting for such a low priced car. Serving its purpose wonderfully, and saving more than its cost in gas as compared to driving my truck! Plus a 100,000 mile drivetrain warranty. Almost forgot how much fun a little 5 speed can be!
Car is much more than expected. Must take into account cost and type of vehicle. All things considered it is a 10 in my book.Milege is better than rated 34 some city and more rural driving no highway. Have to give ten on mileage gets better than rated. Fit and trim inside and out is excellent. Better than other big name small cars I have owned. So far it is the best small car I have owned.
This is definately the lest expensive new car on the market I could find, and one with excellent gas mileage. This car has allowed me to justify easily the purchase of a new car for driving back anf forth to work, about 23 miles one way. With GM's excellent warrantee, better than Honda FIT's and other similar vehicles, I don't have to worry about paying for a tow truck if it breaks down, or paying for a loaner while it sets in a garage, this is part of the warrantee. I don't have to worry about those costly budget busting repairs to a used car, all covered under warrantee. I enjoy the ride especially when I'm getting between 33 and 38 mpg, averaging 36 mpg! Purchased for under $10,000 !
I did my research on this vehicle before I purchased, so I knew what to expect. Great value for the money. I love the car, its lots of fun to drive and I highly recommend it. In regards to fuel economy, oddly the DOT estimates rate this car as 34mpg/24mpg. I have gotten 37 mpg highway and 33 mpg in mixed driving with the 5 speed manual transmission during the winter. I expect to get even better gas mileage during the warmer months. To maximize fuel economy, I would suggest to keep the tachometer at around 1,200-1,500 rpms when shifting gears, and accelerate smoothly, no jack rabbit starts. During highway driving, try to keep the speed between 55 and 60 mph and the tach around 2500 rpms. 
Have owned for about a month. Am getting 35+miles to the gallon back and forth to work and around. Rural driving not city not highway. Has been super so far. Truth will be down the road. So far it has been everthing I had hoped for. Better than rated mileage I drive very conservative). Much better fit and finish interior and exterior than 2003 Corrlla that I had. Mileage is better also driving the same way. Was Ford and Toyota person. If keeps going like it is I will stay with GM.
I just bought a bare bones that was advertised on the newspaper. The offer included an extra $1K just by showing up on Dec/24th before 2pm, so I did. It took some time and patience to make the dealer agree, after all I was taking a big deal. Bottom line, $6K + tax, fees, brand new w/ 3mi on the ODO. My "other" car is an Audi S4, so for a daily commuter (100mi/day) the Aveo is impressive, gas savings are huge, build quality is better than expected, suspension is soft and body roll is moderate. Don't try to smoke anybody, unless you use your moving momentum. Brakes are quite good also. This is my 1st "Domestic" car and so far I'm very and impressed and pleased.
I went into my local Chevrolet dealer looking for a good used car, ended up buying the 2008 Chevy Aveo. Bottom line price. The actual mileage I get on the highway is not what was stated on the sticker, but all things considered I only have 1k miles on it. Not quite broken in yet. Best mileage 32.47. Not bad for a car I payed $7499.00. Mine is the base model. I highly recommend if you are going to commute which I drive 100 miles a day, get cruise control. I have cruise control on order and send it to chevy tomorrow to get it installed. Small on the outside large on the inside. I am a 5'11" 240lbs. I have enough room in it. Plenty of visual all the way around the car as so I can merge easily.
Due to a lengthy commute, I began to look at the economy segment of the auto world. Really like the look of the redesigned Aveo sedan, so I took a test drive at the closest Chevy dealer. Wow, was I caught off guard with this little guy. The one I drove was an 08 LT bright red, with pretty much all the bells and whistles. Leatherette interior (very nice), moonroof (power), auto trans, steering wheel controls, etc etc. Very smooth ride with solid acceleration. Took it out on the highway, and had no problems whatsoever in keeping up. Cabin feels very upscale and roomy. Lots to like on this one, and it has a safe feel to it.
We bought the bare-bones "loss leader" car that the dealers advertise as "2008 Aveos for $7995!" The price was great, given that we are willing to do without A/C in an around-town car, and prefer the manual 5 speed. The promotional price was way better then the Edmunds invoice or TMV price, even after the dealer's add-on $275 "title fees." We also had to fight to not pay for other dealer add- ons. As expected, this car feels quite underpowered and is noisy, but overall we got more than we expected. The gas mileage is really not as great as everyone says, and is less than the old Escort we traded in. I don't know why it is low, but we can buy a lot of gas with the savings compared to a Yaris.
We loved are Aveo. Such a nice little car for the price. We drove it from Florida to Michigan and had no problems. Mileage was awesome too.
I've had my Cobalt a little over a year now, its a fun little car, but ii was expecting more from it. I added new rims/tires and a new exhaust because the appearance was somewhat plain. The inside looks really cheap, Chevy needs a major upgrade on the interior. I have yet to see the mileage Chevy says it gets, a little frustrating. I'd say its a good beginner car, but not really able to compete with other cars in the same category, it just falls short.
Definitely has the 'fun-to-drive' factor! For my first car, I'd say it was a tasty pick. Test drove it before I even got to a Scion TC and immediately fell in love. Easy to drive, looks sharp after being washed- especially with tinted windows. Only problem I ever had was running the stereo too long without the car being turned on so the battery died, easy jump though. Plastic grille on the front popped out once, but I stuck it back in. Turning signal sticks. Parking brake cable sticks out on the bottom as well. No big deal. Overall I still love it!
I got it as a rental for work. Pulls hard to the left. Tire pressure is good though. Vibrates when braking as if a rotor is warped. Not acceptable for a car with only 30k miles and built in April of 2008. I don't expect it to last as long as my 1992 Sentra.
I was expecting better fuel economy. But I only get about 25mpg avg (city and hwy). It's a fun car to drive, and I'll likely put some work into it once the warranty is up, but for now it has little power and poor mileage. Spend the little extra for the LT. I regret that I didn't.
I got my Cobalt 3 months ago and I haven't had any problems. It handles great and is the best small sized car from GM. FINALLY GM has learned how to created a small car with great quality. 
Traded in a 2007 GMC 4x4 pickup due to a job transfer and a 60 mile a day drive to and from work. Took a while to get use to smaller size, I am a 6'2" man, but after a week it is comfortable. Mileage is super, 28 mpg average with spirited driving. Ride comfort is great with SS seats. Handles like it is on rails. Turbo 4 cylinder is fun, runs better than most V8's. To bad GM is stopping production, this car puts a smile on your face.
I bought my Cobalt a year ago and still LOVE it! I had always driven v8's so was a little concerned about going to a 4 cyl, but was very surprised with how much power it actually has. It also handles very well. I live on back country roads and it takes curves wonderfully. Plenty of trunk space makes traveling easy. Also has a GREAT stereo system. The remote start is also great for warming up or cooling down the interior before getting. The back seat is a little tight though.
I am sad to say that I just had an accident in my March 2008 Cobalt. My Cobalt and a Mini Van collided at very low speeds and my car had $7,700 worth of damage. I could not believe how bad the damage was for low speeds of under 25mph. Air bags did not deploy. It was at a residential intersection. I have another 4 years to pay on this having taken out a 5 year loan. I am very upset about it all. I will not buy another Cobalt if they should be available. 
A tall order to stack up against my '75 Civic, but Detroit has finally come abreast of Honda--not to win, of course, but at least place or show. At $9999 this basic model had just what I wanted, including a tight 5-speed manual trannie, almost as buttery smooth as Honda. (Power windows are over-rated anyway.) The caster is a bit too strong, the steering ratio is a bit too sharp, and the steering wheel is a bit too small, so it won't drive itself like a Civic. If you're making a sharp right, be advised to keep a firm grip on the wheel, 'cause it will snap back in the direction it's pointing in a hot lick. But Hey, it's from Detroit! I started with a '49 Chevy, and I'm back home.
Performance: 2.2L ECOtec with the 5sp. is a very quick engine for what it is. A+ on the engine. Suspension needs work, too soft in the corners but smooth ride. The rear drums on mine constantly need adjustment. Comfort: I just drove from Ohio to Wyoming and back non-stop and had no problems with comfort. Fuel: For some reason, the higher the RPM's the worse my mileage... still get 26-7 Driveability: This car is a blast for what it is. Design:Exterior looks excellent except for the lame front bumper. Interior is well constructed and looks good but cheap materials were used. Build: Definitely built well Reliability: A couple minor things needed replaced but covered by warantee NICE CAR!
I have already reviewed my 2008 Cobalt LS sedan once, but I thought folks might appreciate an update. I have now owned the car almost ten months, and I have 15,150 miles on it. The car has performed flawlessly, and I have not had a single issue with it. I am getting about 27 or 28 MPG overall average, which is not too bad in my opinion for an automatic. I live in a rural area, and my driving is mostly on hilly, curvy, two lane country roads and in town. I am still amazed by how that little Cobalt will scoot! That 2.2L engine is amazingly powerful. I am extremely happy with the car.
I bought my Cobalt and 11 days later, it was in the shop.I have had the car 15 months, and it has been in the shop 6 times for manufacture defects. Just this week, the lock cylinder broke. It's a good thing I was at work and not stuck in a dim parking lot at night.The steering column, the shift assembly, and the lock cylinder have all been replaced. I am waiting on the new radio to come in, which will actually be the 4th radio. The blinkers and front speakers will not work right if your radio is messed up. Very bad blindspots, when trying to look over your shoulder. Poorly designed overall.Fuel mileage, not that great. Brakes don't last.Chevy, quit making this piece of junk! It's not reliable!!!!!!!
I bought my '08 LT sedan last May. I've put 10k miles on it so far and it has been a pretty good car to drive. It's handled very well in the ice and snow recently. The remote start option has been good this winter with having an infant. Driving a mix of city and highway, I tend to get about 28 mpg. That was nice while gas prices were up. Even now that gas is back down its still wonderful not to have to spend as much on gas. 
I have an LT package XFE (5M), so I've got the electric windows and the center armrest. The car is quiet, handling is solid as a rock even at high speeds, and the hard seats are comfortable on long trips. Trunk room is spacious, but the opening is small. The 2.2 will scoot if you wind it up, which you can do with the manual transmission. This is a great car, lots of fun to drive, plenty of front seat room, and great mileage. Under the skin, the Cobalt is an Opel Astra, so if you like the personality of German cars, you'll like this one. For the price that Chevy sells them for, it's a bargain.
I purchased the 2008 Cobalt because fuel at the time of purchase was at the all time high. So far I do like the vehicle, but it is terrible in snow and ice but most vehicles this size probably are. I have experienced premature wear on the drivers seat at 5000 miles and 6 months service. 
We bought this car for my 18 year old daughter for her high school graduation. She loved it and we loved the cost. Last Sunday she had an accident on the highway in which she hit some black ice. Smashed into a wall. And than the car rolled over landing on the roof. She was wearing her seatbelt. Thank God. Without a scratch she gets out of the car. Calls me first and than called 911. I arrived before the emergency services and she was sittinbg on the side of the road with out a scratch on her. Needless to say that after the insurance pays off I will be getting her another Cobalt. This car did a great job in protecting my kid and it will do the same for yours, buy American. All in all I cant thank Chevy caring enough and not cheaping out on the safety aspect of this little economy car 
I love this car. For being a young female it's great, a lot better than my old Escort. It does need a little help though. I don't have a lot of rear seat passengers but they could've given the rear more leg room. Very roomy in front. Only problem I'm having is with the brakes. Yes, after 6500 miles the rotors got warped. Composite rotors with semi metallic pads don't combine well. It's a nice little car for me, rides smooth (other than the brake issue), good on gas and comfy for a tall person like me. Decent style outside for the price. I paid for what I got. Not much to complain about with it.
XFE (5 speed) is tuned for highway driving. Flat terrain at 58mpg = 38-42mpg. Subtract 4-5 mpg for air conditioner! Poor in town mpg (23-26). Not good for stop and go commuting in a hot climate. Enjoy XM radio. Good seat adjustments (up/down, back-forth, tilt-lumbar). Chevy. Get rid of Coupe design. Dangerous, cannot see out of back, especially with worthless spoiler. Change to hatchback. Trunk is deep, but opening is miniscule. Can't even put a standard cooler chest in it. Poor access to rear seats. Also Chevy failed to support the XFE sedan. Could not find 1 in the whole US! Corporate didn't know either. Inexcusible. No wonder they are bankrupt!
Very good, solid car overall. Fun to drive, reasonably priced compared to the competition, and easy on gas. I've put about 5000 miles on the car and have had no problems. I've been getting 25-26 mpg around town, 31 mpg on longer trips, and I do have a habit of standing on the gas!
I purchased this car nearly 7 months ago, and it has completely surpassed my expectations. I am just over 6 feet tall, and of all the small cars I tested this one felt the most comfortable to me. It is extremely fun to drive, and even with my heavy foot, I average about 28 mpg in town, and have gotten as much as 38 on the highway. I would highly recomend this car to anyone looking for an econobox that is a kick to drive. 
Given the extremely low sticker price, I don't see how anyone with reasonable expectations could be disappointed with a Cobalt. I bought my LS 4 Dr Sedan with auto tranny on June 3, 2008. The sticker price was only $15,530, with the auto tranny and the spoiler being the only options. There was also a $2000 rebate at the time. I cannot believe what a sweet little car that Cobalt has turned out to be, especially considering the low sticker price. I bought the car purely for fuel economy, but I ended up with a car that is really fun to drive. It has amazing acceleration for a gas sipper, a quiet ride, a huge trunk, good handling, and great looks. I am totally pleased with this car!
Chevy has hit the mark with the Cobalt SS. It's a great bargain, with amazing acceleration, a great stick, and a pretty kicking speaker system.
Great car, fun to drive. For the money you will not find a more powerful car from the factory with 260hp at 5200 rpm.
I purchased this car to drive to work and school. Bought it brand new. Previously owned a Chevy Lumina for many years. I think the best indicator in do you really like your car is, Would you buy it again? My answer to this one is an absolute NO. I disliked this car so much that after two months of owning and 3000 miles later, I traded it in on a used Subaru. The Cobalt is just another version of the Yugo. At least that's how I felt when driving. Everything in the Cobalt looks and feels cheap, like it wasn't very well thought out. My new line is "I would rather drive a used Subaru than a brand new Cobalt."
A pleasant surprise. XFE coupe getting 32 city, 40 highway mpg with careful driving. Paid $11,600. Very comfortable seats, high quality fit and finish. XM radio. Driver Info center. Big trunk. I can't imagine a Toyota or Honda being a better value than this. Chevy's best kept secret. 
I thought this car one of the best cars. It handles very good like you're driving on air. It's so fast and the sunroof I got to say is a excellent feature epspecialy here in Flordia. The opitions on the wheel such as changing the station on the radio is a brilliant idea when it comes to driving. The interior is beautiful and nice. 
This is the first car I have bought on my own. I love it. It is sporty and very realiable. Very good gas mileage!
I bought the car to get me from point A to point B safely and it does just that. I've kept my foot off the gas and manage about 33-34 to the gallon for an average. The car handles well, I have power when I need it. It is fairly comfortable considering that I am six one and I drive a couple hours solid every day to get to work. I don't even hit my head on the roof. Only problem I have had is the bolts that hold on the front bumper started to go loose after 6500 miles with half the miles spent on dirt roads.
I have only put on 2100 miles and am pleased with how the vehicle runs and the fuel mileage. It is the basic lowest cost Cobalt XFE sedan with air and manual tranny. At 75mph average on the freeway, it will deliver 34 mpg +/- 3mpg depending on with the wind or against. Has turned in 39.7mpg on 160 mile trip driving at 60 mph on freeway. Vehicle was purchased as a run around unit with trips not longer than 3 hours thus comfort (i.e. as in our Town & Country Van) was not a priority. It has fairly predictable handling with a quiet ride and is not buzzy as was found with some small foreign vehicles in this size. 
Cheaply made. Interior is uncomfortable and made of substandard materials. Visibility out the back window is horrid. It angles upward so you don't get a clear view of what is behind you. For everyday commuting in a flat area it is a fine car. It performs horridly in hilly areas and mountains. Definitely does not handle winding roads well as it does not hug the road on turns. I am trading this in for a either a Ford Focus or a Toyota Corolla.
Overall the new SS is an amazing car for the money and outperforms many cars with much higher price tags. It's really fun to drive. Finally they got it right, everything you would expect in a SS labeled car. Not for those who just want a little sporty car, you'll soon be bothered by the many clicks, clunks and less refined aspects of this performance car. Fuel mileage sold me on this car and I'm not disappointed, averaging 27mpg mixed driving. A cool feature lets you see your instant mileage approx when trying to stretch those mpg's. 
I love the way it looks, drives and performs. Pioneer speaker system is fabulous. On the down side, sunroof doesn't seem to fit too snug, there is no cancel button for the cruise control, and the built in cell phone is not blue tooth enabled, so I have to buy their minutes at .35c apiece and use a different phone number.
When I first stepped into the car I thought it was roomy - I'm 6'6". The seats were very fitting and finally a head rest that met the back of my head. The SS has everything you want - power across the board, not the seats though. Side airbags and a great steering wheel. I wish I had a manual telescoping option, but it's 20K so go figure. If I wanted wood on the dash and in the car, I should be in the backseat ala S500-EL or a Cadillac Deville-EL. I would recommend getting a two tone interior; red/black for victory red, gray/black for the sport tint - very nice combo's
I bought this car as a replacement to a 1993 Audi. I drive a lot and needed good fuel economy. I have almost 5000 miles on the car and my calculated mpg is 37.4. The headrests are uncomfortable from the factory (they tip my head forward), but they are easily reversed and quite comfortable when reversed. It is a little tight with 2 teenage boys in the back, but they can make it work. It handles well. It has good acceleration and cornering. I was a little afraid of the low rolling resistance tires, but they seem to perform well. The stereo is adequate, but lacks fidelity in the bass. I suggest the XFE version over the standard. Its performance seems about the same. Minor lines mismatch on hood
I own a 2008 Chevrolet Cobalt Sedan. I like the car for the most part, one thing that worries me is the brakes stink. When the car had just over 4000 miles on it I began to notice really odd noises when braking, took it in they said it was the hubcap. It did it on the drive home. Took it in again at 4500 miles and got new brake pads put on they said they must be factory defects. Well it started again at 5500 miles then just the other I day I hit the brakes on the highway and they immediately locked up. I like the car but the brake problems worry me a little bit, I had a Chevy Malibu prior to this and never had a problem with the brakes ever.
I got the 2LT coupe in black with the appearance package, so it looks like a sport or SS, but sadly doesn't handle or perform quite the same. I definitely prefer performance and handling over the interior styling or comfort, but I also want the car to look good, and my Cobalt does both. It has response, even when compared to my old Volvo 850 Turbo. The handling is smooth, which makes this car fun on back country roads. My mom has the sedan sport, and even though she has the Pioneer speakers, mine still get super loud and have excellent bass. 
I have owned this just about a month, and can't believe how much money I have already saved! Can't beat it, Great MPG: 38 hiway, 33 city so far, great trunk space than orginally thought, enough pep, seats are more comfortable..and I got the manual which I had not driven in over 20 years, and was very comfortable. I would recommend this as a good value for the money. Looked at Astra, but would have spent extra 4k. Only con, maybe more nooks and crannies, for little things i.e coins, sunglasses, etc. Other than that very, very happy with this purchase. And even enough back seat room in 4dr sedan!
I overall love my little Cobalt. I bought a brand new 2008 Cobalt LT coupe, and now have 1,500 miles on it. I recently got it to 41 MPG average on the highway with the cruise control on. I got 0% interest for 60 months, so it was a smart buy too. I always liked the Cavaliars, but these feel less cheap, and more roomy. I got the dark Blue Metallic, and it really sparkles. The color is my favorite part, but hard to keep clean. I would have opted for the darker seats too, I got my light seats sprayed with a special scotch guard type spray with a warranty to keep the interior looking nice. Spoiler makes it dangerously hard to see out of back, but love the ways it makes the exterior look. 
I bought the sport version and so far it has been a pleasure. Looks good, drives good. It gets good gas mileage. Even with the the 171 hp version I average 28mpgs.
I just purchased my Chevy Cobalt and I love it. It's very quiet inside and has an extremely smooth ride for it's size. The electronic powered steering has excellent feel and control and the vehicle corners very well. It has plenty of power and it's a breeze to parallel park. I have the LS 4 door sedan in slate gray metallic. The light gray interior and silver pin striping add a rich touch. I highly recommend this vehicle!
I have always owned Dodges or Fords. Never liked Chevys. I test drove every vehicle made in this class. This had the best ride, best fuel mileage,, smoothest operation, and best price. With factory incentives the car cost $12,100. I was very objective and simply couldn't pass up this great car. I liked the size of some others like the Scion XB but the ride was harsh and jiggly, gas pedal operation was abrupt. The Chevy is way easier to drive. We have them in our fleet at work and the mechanics say they are the most reliable cars we have ever owned.
I bought my Cobalt last February. I originally wanted a VW Rabbit but after a bit of sticker shock ($17,000) I decided to keep things basic. With incentives and deals, my Cobalt was $12,500 out the door. I have no options but CD/mp3/auxillary jack and air condition were standard. I just drove from Detroit to Chicago and averaged 37 mpg by going 65 and easing of the gas pedal when going up hill. It's not as nice as the foreign competition, but I saved thousands on the car. The warranty is decent too. And I kept Americans employed with my purchase. Long live Detroit!
I recently purchased an 08 Cobalt LS brand new after owning a 1999 Chrysler Sebring Lxi Conv. for 9 months. That car stunk, but this car is great so far. I love the handling and the acceleration, even for an automatic like mine. For a 4 popper, you simply cannot beat it. The car is stylish and bold with many nice features. The engine sounds like a Honda. What blew me away was, however, the performance. I thought that it would have decent acceleration and good handling, but this car, even being the basic LS model, has terrific performance. Driving home from the lot I wanted to try it out, and a guy in a tricked out 07 GTI wanted to go and he enjoyed a view of my tailpipe.
Had it for a year now and a great car with lots of power. 33 EPA and lots of fun to drive. Fairly loaded for $14000
The SS has received good if not excellent reviews. I had to drive it myself. After comparing the SS to other's in it's class, it's American built perfomance won it for me. Priced under 25,000 the SS is great bang for the buck. I've only driven mine for a few hundred miles and it has delivered all I have expected. Acceleration, handling and braking have all come easily from the well bolstered bucket seats. Each element of the vehicle has been well thought out from ergonomics to perfomance, nothing seems out of place or missing. From bumper to bumper this vehicle has delivered. 
I just got the car and love driving it. The best smooth drive (Civic & Vesra horrible to me) and nice handling. My only negative is you cannot shoot into traffic with it. Nice standard and satellite radio with MP3 hook up. Bought for my teenager but I enjoy driving it. Great price for the money. I could not beat it. Not sure of the gas mileage yet.. Keep posted.
Runs great, got the basic model but comes well equiped without costly options. Sure it may not be as good as a Honda or Toyota, but costs thousands less. Doesn't get as good gas economy as imports but that's due to more powerful engine. Just drive easy and you will get good economy. After 2 yrs bought another one for another family member.
I was looking for a car under 15k, and I knew I was going to be giving up a lot to get it. This would be my daily commuter. After pricing a Civic, 3, Corrolla, and Focus I knew I was in trouble. Wasn't really looking at GM until I saw a Cobalt. I have seen them before but never really paid attention. Took it for a drive and was overly impressed. Got an LT and with options it was 4k less than a Civic with the same options. I love this car more and more, and with the rebates you can't beat the value. Very well built car. I would seriously consider this in lieu of the forementioned cars I was considering unless you are hung up on a name like Honda. 
Just wanted to say that the Cobalt is a great car. I have had it for about 3 months and I put about 6000 miles on it and I have had no problems. Car runs great and handles well. And for a 4cyl it has some pick up. I do city and highway driving and I am getting an avg of around 30 mpg. When I am on the highway I am getting at least 35 mpg. I wish I would have known the Cobalt XFE was coming out. I would have waited because if I am getting 35 mpg on the highway with the reg Cobalt, the XFE has to be getting atleast 40 mpg on the highway. For around $12,500 you cant go wrong! 
I really love this car, love the look, enjoy the feel of it while driving, having OnStar has been fun- and my daughter loves usign the OnStar phone. Plenty of room for the family dog in the back seat as well. In sport read this car was my idea of a fun car! I get 27.5 miles per gallon using the interstate between home and work, I am very disappointed in the gas mileage. I use cruise control every day and I never get more than 27.5- some folks say they are getting 400 miles out of 11 gallons Yeah I'd like to see that done in person, you have to see it to believe it. Other than the gas issue at 4.12 per gallon I really love this little car.
I wanted a "fun little car". Looked for a 5 speed, and all of the Ford dealers told me to buy one, to test drive one. I found a Cobalt sport litterally 'round the corner. It was the demo of a salesman we just bought an Impala from. He litterally threw me the keys, and told me to take it for a "thrashing". Lots of fun, and good mileage. handles like a race car, and if I keep my foot out of it, I get over 34 mpg. I'm 53, and some kid in an Acura wanted to race, I laughed, and when the light turned green, I laughed. I blew him away. Only item I do not like, is the arm rest. can't get to the parking brake, and the design could be better. I can't imagine the performance of the turbo. 
I have owned this car since November of 2007. I absolutely love it! Great trunk space, fun to drive, sporty look, awsome gas mileage and great power for a small engine. It even has a 100,000 mile warranty so I have no worries about my purchase. Oh and I love the mp3 input it's very convenient. Great features for a great price. 
I love my Cobalt sport coupe. I fell in love with it the day I saw it at the dealership I was working in. It's a quick little beast, I've had Civics trying to match up and I leave them looking at my rear end. It's a nice spoty vehicle with good gas mileage and comfty smooth ride. I have the short shift 5 speed, and it's an awesome machine to drive. I highly recomend it.
Traded in a Jeep Liberty that was getting 13mpg, just couldn't handle it. Was also shopping Saturn Astra, but dealer and factory incentives were too good. Sticker price was 23k paid just over 19k out the door. Manual transmission is a joy to drive with short throws and positive engagement. Engine has good power and torque, although not the quickest revving or smoothest sounding one out there. Fuel economy is outstanding! 28.8 mpg first tank, in a 60% city 40% hwy mix. Very quiet on the inside even with sunroof, also the ride is very comfortable even with sport suspension. Handling is sporty and fun. Seats are comfortable and supportive. Good trunk space.
It is a nice car. Going from a Sierra to a Cobalt was a jump, but it handles well and is comfortable. I got many features for the money I spent. Well worth the price of the vehicle.
I've bought the Cobalt LT for it's good equipment package for the price especially the cruise control and a/c. I think the Cobalt is one of the best keept secrets from GM. The fuel efficiency is better than what GM says. I can do an average of over 650 km with 42-43 litters of fuel 70% highway 30% city (400 miles for 11 us gallons) The ride quality is excellent, very silent inside the car. The room for head is a lot better than my Honda Civic. The 2.2 motor had a lot of power for a subcompact car and a lot more torque than its competitiors. If I had to buy a new car I will re-buy the Cobalt LT for the price vs quality and the warranty 5y/160 000 km 
The last GM car I had was a company issued 2002 Cavalier. So I was vehemently against another GM product when shopping for a new work vehicle. Until I drove the Cobalt. Now I know that I am not going to be scaring any WRX or EVO owners on the roads, but as far as getting from A to B with good mileage and a nice style, it's hard to beat this Cobalt. Plenty of power for any city driver. A very full featured head unit(Aux input!). I was surprised at roll up windows and no power locks, but in the grand scheme of things, I'll take the better radio and forego those options. 
This car with the XFE 2.2L engine over achieves the 36 mpg with the 5 speed manual transmission. Actually getting 40+ mpg. Comfort, features, price structure, warranty, and quality compare at or above the cars in its class. I test drove the Focus and Accent the same week I bought the Cobalt. I haven't bought a GM product since 1982, and was pleasently shocked by the product I eventually bought.
I got the 2dr LT for 9,900 the last week in Dec. At 1,500 the driver seat begain to wear on the top half closed to the door. I waited to see what it would do. A 3,300 its really getting bad and I'm taking it in tomorrow. I really like everything about this car. It's short with roll up windows and manuel locks, but for 9,900 plus you cant beat it. I think the car handles fine, I'm fifty and drive the speed limit tho.
Just purchased 2008 LS Cobalt. Nothing fancy, just needed a new commuter for work. Driven mostly on hwy, getting 34mpg right now. With dealer and manufacturer incentives couldn't beat the price anywhere. If there is any "bad" to say about the vehicle it would be storage space Other than the glove box. There is virtually no place to put small things like glasses, pens, change, etc. Would be nice to have a center console arm rest too. But again I'm not complaining when I can purchase a brand new vehicle these days for a little over $11,500. Sweet!
I really like the powerful engine and great performance. Interior of vehicle lacks some quality as far as comfort level goes but looks great.
With gas prices the way up we decide to shop for a fuel efficent vehicle. We looked at many cars and the Cobalt is a great little car. Please compare it with the foregin cars in the same class. You will find out how much more you get with the Cobalt and at a great price. The 2.2L 4cly has plenty of power to get on the freeways and has a smooth ride with good breaking, and great handling. Look at standard features you get with the Cobalt more HP, XM radio, side curtain air bags, 5 yr/1,000,000 power train. I have not owned a GM vehicle since 1984. GM has greatly improved I am very happy with this vehicle. Keep making these cars in the US. It's a great product.
I enjoy my new Cobalt. I've rented several during trips and it's excellent on freeways, tight turning the corners, fits well in tight spots and has lots of power for a compact car. Very stylish - love the round rear lights.
Perfect car for commuting and everyday driving. Roomy, quiet, and comfortable. Good acceleration with 4- sp auto. Hondas and Toyotas are way overrated!
My Cobalt LS sedan has 4 speed automatic. Pickup is smooth. The whole car is so quiet inside it's scary. Some change from my '86 Aries. The bucket seats are very firm, but supportive - great for my back. The ride is much stiffer than that of the Aries, but the Cobalt takes curves much better. I don't like not being able to tell where the front end of the car is, so there's some tension getting into tight places. Because of the rear headrests, visibility when backing up is a bit of a chore. The power steering is nice, with enough feel to it, but because the steering wheel is small, it takes more cranking when parking. Heavy city driving gives 18mpg, same as the Aries. I hope this improves. 
So far driving in this car I have seen that getting to 50 is quite an effort. I also feel a lag while trying to get to 70 on the interstate. The ride is smooth and the radio is nice. I like the hepa filter the AC/Heater has is a nice feature for an allergy sufferer I am. The seats are not as comfortable as my Escape. The car does at some points keep its energy enough to allow me to move up the interstate with the flow which is good. 
This is my second car and it is a great choice. There is enough room for 4 people to fit comfortably. A little small for the back seat if you're really tall but other than that lots of room back there. I like that it has a lot of good features standard on this years model.
When I looked at the Cobalt, it was for the savings in both monthly payment, and gas money. However, the Cobalt surprised me with how fun it is to drive. The 5-speed manual transmission is smooth as can be, and the acceleration is as good as my '01 Celica GTS. The ride is very smooth and outside noise is minimal, even at 85- 90mph. The stereo system was a huge plus for me as well. I was not expecting a 7 speaker system with a sub in the trunk. I would have preferred Sirius over XM, (sorry Howard) but the sound of the system is excellent. Dashboard Info Centre is more interesting to flip through than network TV. First American car I've owned in more than 10 years, and so far so good!
 We managed to find what is apparently the only 5-speed manual with ABS in existence! The sticker was $16,185 and we paid $11,700 after various rebates and discounts. This is an amazing small car. Excellent quality, very stylish interior with so many gadgets and gizmos standard I can't believe it, including 6 airbags! I don't think there is any other small car on the market that can compete with the Cobalt. The engine is powerful, ride is smooth, crisp, and quiet. And great quality. Toyota? Honda? No way. Would never get a car this good for the price.
I got a 2008 Cobalt LS sedan, and its wonderful! It's great on gas and comforatble. I feel safe and secure in my new car. It's a perfect car for me, someone who likes to drive a lot and don't mind taking other people with me. It is a small car and though it does not look like it, it does have a lot of room for passengers without feeling cramped. It also tells you everything about the car with the push of a button :tire pressure in each tire, mileage left before needing gas, temp outside, avrg speed. Also, it is great with the fact that it is inslated well from the outside. I hear no wind noise or normal engine noise, so it's a nice quite ride when I want it to be. I love it!
This is my second review, having owned it for three months. My first review was from the new ownership perspective. This one is from the "getting used to it" side. I can honestly say that the Cobalt LS automatic coupe with a rear raised spoiler just keeps getting better from several perspectives. It looks a lot more expensive than it was (based on public reaction). It feels more expensive than it was (based on my owning a Mitsubishi as well and riding in Toyotas I don't own). And it performs as though it was a lot more expensive.
Seats aren't very comfortable. No center armrest. It's very strange driving a vehicle with no center armrest, and no power mirrors or windows. Power windows should be standard, its a real pain in the neck and also dangerous trying to adjust the mirrors. 
I got the 4dr Cobalt LT and am pleased with the car so far. The MPG is 24-25 in mixed driving. I have out about 600 miles on it. It took a while to find one that had AntiLock brakes and cruise but I finally did. I was able to get a GM card rebate of 2000 and a GM owner loyalty rebate of 1000 and the standard rebate of 1000 so I walked out of the dealership paying 11200 cash. MSRP Sticker was 16650 with transportation. I am pleased that side airbags were made standard for 2008 (antilock brakes should be too IMHO) The car is quiet compared with a Dodge Caliber I recently rented. Also the Cobalt shifts smoothly. The light grey interior will get dirty fast I think. Back seat is real tight. 
Loved the color of the vehicle and the radio. It has good acceleration and abs brakes grab smoothly. So far fuel economy has been great. The computer in dash is real nice. This car will make a nice commuter car 
I suppose every car has a "target market". I'm not sure if they had me, a 52 yr old family guy who grew up in the 60's in mind, but Chevy won me over with this puppy. I had a lease coming to an end on a 2006 Saturn Ion (which I found to be "acceptable" like some reviews including the editor's note) , so with the incentives offered by GM - it was off to the internet and the pavement. First off, this is a nice car for the money. Saturn dosen't make a poor man's starter model car anymore so the divorce is final there. Chevy still makes a bang for the buck car here. And it kind of looks like a "little Vette" Drives great. Comfortable. Stylish. 
Even though I've only owned my Cobalt for 33 days, its performance and appearance(Revolution Edition Package) is outstanding. I'm 4'9" and i have the seat all the way up, which puts me very close to the airbag should it go off I'll be in big trouble. The acceleration outdoes my previous vehicle, which was a 2005 Trailblazer LS 4-wheel drive. I own a 2.2L DOHC 4 speed automatic,not a 5M.
So far, so good. Like other reviews, I am also pleased with the leg room in this car for the driver. The back seats have little room when the seat are all the way back though. However, this car ended up being perfect for me. Although the sport costs a bit more, it was well worth the upgrades: better stereo, wheels, tires, sunroof, auto-gnition, etc. Acceleration is great too.
The performance of the car is great. Handling is also great for an economy car, specially compared to the previous year and competitors. This car will be excellent for autocross.
Great car after only 2 days. I'm 6'3" and this is the only car in the price class that I can comfortably fit in. Merges onto the highway very well, even from uphill on ramps. Very little room for rear seat passengers. Cheap plastics inside, but you get what you pay for in that area. I haven't ridden in the passenger seat, but my 5'10" girlfriend said it's plenty comfortable.
Excellent car for the price. My son bought this vehicle to replace a 10 year old Saturn. I was impressed with the performance, styling, and safety features of the Cobalt. This may not be one of the "in" Japanese sport cars, but my son is getting a lot of comments about the car. The best part is that he can afford it. 
I absolutly love my 08 Cobalt LS, I know its the cheap version, not the sport but its a very nice and fun car, especially since mine is a 5 speed manaul. Also very easy to work on and to mod.
I bought this over the Corrola and Civic. My last tank of gas averaged 34.2mpg. The dash layout at great and the storage bins are layed out well. This is not a speed demon but can handle highway merges fine. 
My Cobalt is an 2008 LS Coupe with a 5 speed. It is the base model that lists at $14,330 and I bought it new for $9989. It is a second car that I use just to get back and forth to work. It is very economical & fairly comfortable. It is quieter than I expected and the stereo sounds nice with the XM radio. Although there is a lot of plastic in the interior, the fit and finish is very good. Overall it is an excellent car. 
I chose the 2008 Cobalt LT based on its standard features, fuel economy, and low price. The Cobalt has nice sleek lines and a very simple aesthetic appeal. It's super peppy for a 2.2 liter and has an awesome turning radius. Highway noise is minimal and has a very smooth ride. I'm getting 34 MPG highway and about 26 MPG city.
Bought my Colorado in jan 2009. Everyone says gm quality is as good as anyones. So figured id give them a chance. Fit and finish very poor. Orange Peel in paint. Motor knocks on startup. Constant brake problems. Lots of rattles. Terrible seats. Traded it in today for a Honda. Glad to see it go. I will never buy a gm car or truck again.
I have had a lot of trouble with my truck. Engine noise when starting, bad brakes and air noise in the cab.None of these have been repaired nor I don't suppose they will be as the dealers say. The engine noise is metal tolerance. I've looked all over the window sticker and it doesn't say anything about an engine knock that you have to live with.The last dealer I took it to fixed it for me. It doesn't knock now because the engine is full of oil additive. The rear lug nuts are worn out because the dealer blowing brake dust out to repair a brake petal situation. The doors are adjusted so tight they pop when you open them. Now thats service. Product is probably good. Service lousy.
Hello bought mine used in Jan.09 love how is looks but there has been a few problems since then, found out in the inline 5 motor it overheats or runs hot when you are towing, happened a few times to me already. Motor runs loud, tire pressure sensors always need to be reset. Gas mileage is not as good as I was lead to belief for a 5 cyl it should be a lot better. I love the interior room very comfortable on long trips. Bed lights are always going out but I still Love my Colorado. One suggestion invests in a spray on bed liner the stuff that it comes with stinks. Hope this helps
Love the truck 4wd works great on the beach, would buy again!
Overall I like the truck. Had some initial problems with a bad Onstar module that was draining the battery. Was fixed under warranty. Gas mileage could be better but have been averaging 20.5 mpg combined lately. Much, much better than the F150 this replaced. Decent styling, very good ride. Fit and finish of exterior could be better. Four wheel drive with locking differential was a big plus during our last New England winter. 
Have had truck for 4 months. I love the thing. All reviews by "experts" are poor, but owner reviews tend to be very positive. I am glad I got it. Left over 08 listed for $28,600, I paid $21,000 with all discounts. On-Star is kind of cool. I just use the cell phone part which works very well ($.15 per minute is very high).Truck is great in snow with good ground clearance. 5 yr 100,000 mile drive train warranty is great. GM quality has come a long way. I hope they can stay in business. 
I was disappointed with the gas mileage and the 4WD until on a trip into the desert the pavement had run out. It had been raining for two days and the road was a mass of mud and water. I put it into 4WD low and powered through, no problems. We went about a mile until we reached a road and although hairy it was fun and we made it without a problem. This truck is a billy goat and I would not hesitate to take it 4 wheeling any time.
I keep my trucks a long time. Last two were 11 years and 9 years. I plan on driving the Colorado for at least 12 years or more. We love this truck. I'd ordered it and had exactly the options on it I wanted. I am a little disappointed in gas mileage. Tows my 14 ft fishing boat great. My last truck was a K1500 and I was concerned the small 5 ft bed would be too small. But it's been adequate. Handles great in the snow.
I finally switched over to try a Chevy. I've been driving a new Mazda B4000 (Ranger) and it just wasn't cutting it. This new truck drives great, feels like a car, and is super comfortable. 
I sold my 2007 Silverado to get into a truck that was more responsive and I found it in my Colorado. The 5 cylinder offers plenty of power and in line motors are known for torque, this one does not disappoint. The interior is basic low end truck but you get what you pay for. I have no problems with the performance, ride or handling. 
The truck has a lot of torque and gets pretty decent gas mileage. I put a K&N cold air intake and performance catback and it increased the power and fuel economy even more. I am in the military and use my truck to go home on leave. Gets me there without spending to much on gas. I love the style of it, looks sporty. The interior is roomy for passengers or cargo. It hauls my fourwheeler almost like it's not there.
We bought this with $5000 in incentives from GM. The 2.9L engine is too small and even though this truck is a 4cyl the truck has to work too hard and gas mileage is terrible for a truck this size. It isn't much better in mileage than my 2005 double cab V8 Tundra. Acceleration is also terrible. There is plenty of leg room which is nice. A negative to this truck is there no storage console, just a cup holder. Also, the back windows in the extra cab don't open at all. Overall, this was a disappointing truck. We'll be sticking with Toyota vehicles from here on out.
Bought truck in August and it's fun to drive and very roomy. Had 4 adults, one child in a car seat and a dog in the car and still had a lot of room to spare. Gas mileage was a little less than expected but still not bad. Love it.
Just put 2000 miles on it over fourth of July weekend. Very comfortable. Plenty of leg room for a tall person and plenty of back seat room for car seats. Great pickup for what it is. When I need to haul something heavy I use my 3/4ton diesel.
I enjoy driving the vehicle notwithdstanding the lack of features, cheap emergency brake release (which comes off), the fact that none of the seats adjust, or that my starter is already experiencing turn over problems. I had to take it in to have the squirrel cage on the a/c replaced, (original one squealed when on), but the fuel economy is good for a truck, and it is very fun to drive; Sporty in one word. Definetly for a younger driver looking to save on insurance and gas, but doesn't mind working out the bugs with the dealership. OnStar is great as well. An all around good buy. Delivers power when demanded. I would have enjoyed a more rugged interior and at least an adjustable driver seat.
Got my 2008 Colorado last September. Driven 12000 miles. Gas mileage runs 20- 22 in town. Roomy cab, and back seat leg room is adequate for its size. Why the Colorado and not the Silverado? I don't pull anything, and only haul lighter cargo- plus I like the extra room in my garage. I do haul my scooter, and I've carried a bed full of pavers plus three adults with the A/C on and the little 4-cyl powered us right down the road. Engine torques up real quick. Passing on the highway winds it up a little more than I like, but it gets moving right away.
I should have looked a little harder. It's a bit of a gas guzzler. The interior could use a couple of perks. Had some problems with it starting in extremely cold weather. 
There is nothing not to love about this truck!I have the 5 cylinder3.7 litre engine (242 horsepower) It has plenty of power, awesome gas mileage for a truck. I'm averaging around 20 - 21 combined,which is pretty much the same mileage I got with my 2006 Honda CR-V! Don't get me wrong the CR-V was a great car also, (I traded it in with 54,000 completely trouble free miles on it) But I am in construction and I really just needed a truck. So far, the Colorado fills my needs perfectly. Don't listen to expert reviews, read the consumer reviews, and don't listen to people complaining about it not having a V8! I had a 2003 Dodge Ram1500 with a V8, and that had less horsepower than my 5 cylinder Colorado!
I bought a 2.9 automatic, extented LT cab with door locks and upgraded seats. I debated between buying a Tacoma and the Colorado. I favored the Tacoma, but the seat in the Tacoma convinced me to buy the Colorado with an elec seat. The 2.9 engine is not underpowered as Consumers Reports and other want to tell you. The 2'9 downshifts less frequently than the 3.5 Terrazo and 4.2 F150 I drove previously. On a 400 mile trip, at 60 mph, on state highways through some small towns, I averaged 27 mpg. It is solid and fun to drive. it is attracting compliments regarding its appearance. It is free-wheeling and coasts a lot around town. That saves on gas. The bed-liner came standard with the pickup.
It is large and comfortable enough for my wife, three kids and I, and I am 6'4" 280lbs. My Suzuki DR 400 fits in the bed fine with the tailgate down. It has a smooth ride and handles the Texas Panhandle roads well. We have not owned it long enough to get a real test on mileage but I like what I have seen so far. 
I purchased a 2008 Colorado 2wd regular cab 4 cyl. 5 speed about two months ago. It is Victory Red with fog lights, aluminum wheels, and monochromatic front and rear bumpers. So far, I am very pleased with this truck. The 4 cyl 5 speed combo is fun to drive and has plenty of power even with the a/c on. I am getting 26-27 mpg on the highway and about 21 in the city. Also, the 4 cyl. is fairly quiet and idles smoothly compared to other 4 cyl. engines I have owned or have ridden in. After nearly 2,000 miles, the only changes I would make are: a little more lumbar support in the seats with reclining seatbacks on the models with the LS trim. As far as ride, it's much quieter than my '04 Silverado
I bought this truck new in 11/07 and traded in my Toyota 2004 Tacoma. This is my first American truck and I am pleased. I have over 16000 miles and it rides great. It holds the road and drives like a car. I had no trouble pulling my 6000lb skid loader out of the mud and towing large chippers. 
I bought my Colorado in April looking for fuel economy the salesman were very good. But this truck is full of probiems. Just to start the fuel economy, it gives only 19 miles per gallon on the expway. This traveling 200 miles north with the wind going the same direction. The brakes do not work fine after the truck being parked for more than 4 hours. It does not have any power at all. I feel this is not I reliable for family, truck. The worst part for me is the poor shop service the place I bought my truck has. The personnel checked the truck in less than 5 minutes and told me that the computer did not registered anything wrong and in regard to the brakes the manager said " it is brakes dust.
I just bought my Colorado and I love it. I have only had it a few months but so far it has served its purpose. I went from an S-10 to the Colorado so it was a huge performance in power, comfort and looks. I also think that a drop in bedliner would be great if it came standard. Also the tires, they should have better from the factory. I love it. Really glad I purchased it.
Picked up this 4 WD crew cab pick-up 3/17/08. We've put it through its paces ever since. Added running boards, a Leer cap. Needed the crew cab, as my elderly Dad lives with us. We're a very active "country family," hauling landscaping materials, building materials, "stuff" for the country church we belong to. We just drove it 1600 mi from NYS to Sanibel Island, FL. This truck's a great blend of economy, utility, passenger hauling and comfort. We got 20 mpg on the highway. All spring, before the trip, we hauled green waste to the town transfer station, lumber to build raised vegetable garden beds, and loads of rotted horse manure to add to those beds. Very pleased with our choice.
I bought this truck brand new. I could not take the back pain anymore. There was absolutely no lumbar in the seat. Unfortunately, it took some time to figure this out. I had to push the brake pedal to the floor at times to get it to stop. In the beginning, it seemed to have a lot of power for a 4 cylinder. That didn't last long. I started to hear a noise that sounded like metal grinding on metal. That would be the next buyer's problem! 
This is my first small truck and I am very pleased with it. Rides great, has a peppy engine that accelerates quickly. My friends Nissan small truck is not as good as this one. Forget what the editors say, this is a mighty fine truck. Bed liner should be included in the future. I have 6000 miles on it and had no problems. Gas mileage is better than indicated by 2-3 mpg.
I bought my 2008 truck new Dec 27, 2007 (it only have 2400 miles on it now ) and it has spent more time in the shop than on the road. If it setup for a few days it will not start and the dealer feels that the problem is resovled but I do not. I am afraid to use this vehicle for out of town trips because I will never know if it will leave me stranded in another state. This is truly a let down since I have been a Chevy man for thirty five years. I feel that a 2008 vehicle should be more reliable than its predecessors. 
After a $5K rebate, took mine home for $23,655 before fees and taxes. Mine came with the 2LT trim w/Z71 off road pkg. So far, no mechanical problems, but wish it was available with a 5 or 6 spd. manual tranny. Am not really sure either why the editor(s) panned it so much. Friend of mine bought a Nissan Frontier and if we're comparing interior fit and finish alone, I'd say they are the same. 
I got the Chevy Colorado because I was tired of driving small cars. I am glad I did, I enjoy the fact that I am higher off the ground great visibility. Interior is top notch compared to some of the other trucks I looked at, very modern. Has the looks of a bigger Silverado without the pain at the pump. Also the automatic is smooth and after driving nothing but manuals for the last few years, it's nice to not be jerked around. Only complaints I have are the keyless entry doesn't work aall the time the first time and the engine fan is incredibly loud when it's engaged.
I opted for the Colorado because of the MPG and for the tow rating. Tows 3500 lbs like a dream! Could not be happier, except that the seat upgrade would have been a wise choice!
I traded my 2006 Tacoma for the Colorado Crew cab, 5cyl, 2wd. To be honest, this was my first American vehicle in quite a few years. I was very surprised and pleased with the quality of the truck and the power of the engine. It's a fun truck to drive and has all the creature comforts that I wanted. 
I don't get the bad "expert" reviews of this truck. It is the only Crew Cab pickup available with a 4 cyl engine. It performs adequately and gets 26 mgh o the highway! She's comfortable, quiet, and her exterior styling is the best in its class. I drove them all, the Tacoma rides rough, the Frontier is worse. It has the best back seat in its class. Don't be swayed by the so- called "experts." Test drive this truck and make up your own mind. By the way, all of the "innovative" features in the Tacoma and Frontier, such as the tie down tracks) will end up more of an annoyance than a convenience. The Colorado is a good solid, reliable pickup.
I just bought this pickup, but I must say, I love it. The only thing I am not happy with is the tires it came with. They are the General Ameri- Track Tires. I would prefer to have gotten A/T tires with a 4x4 
This is a great truck for running around town. Very quiet cabin when driving around town and at highway speeds. Plenty of leg room and the leather interior is very easy to keep clean. I get around 20 mpg around town, and a little higher on the highway. I have had zero problems so far even though some reviews by rating editors question the quality of build. This is a very nice truck for the price!
The truck is fun to drive, It has OnStar, leather, heated seats, etc. Handles great, and tows well. The Z71 PKG is a must have.
This is an excellent basic truck! Very roomy & good pep from engine. 3 trips approximately 400 miles ea and I get 25-26 mpg (automatic transmission). These trips have multiple small towns to pass through, hwy speed is mostly 60-65mph. I do not know where the Feds get their mpg information. I have always got the advertised or higher mpg on every vehicle I have owned. Zero quality problems with this truck but only 6&1/2 months ownership.
I now have this car almost 2 years with only 1 minor issue. The trunk release from outside the car(by the rear plate)don't work. Besides that no other issues. This car is awesome, with incredible power. It's also very comfortable even on long trips. I'm always looking for an excuse to drive because of the fun of this machine.
I have an 08 convertible with the 3LT option and my wife has the 08 coupe with the Z51 option and the dual mode exhaust. I did not get the exhaust option on mine or the Z51 option and quickly wanted to drive her car instead. Now I've added a GM performance exhaust system to mine and wooooo!!!! However, I am now already looking at jumping on an 09 model as they now offer the cyber grey color. I hope to get a dealer to put me into that car, otherwise my wife and I can still enjoy our two 08 models. Now I will shop for an 09 with the dual mode exhaust and Z51 options exclusively. 
talk about fun! 6 spd and 430hp with 10 inch wide rear wheels and a rocking stereo to boot! there is nothing like sitting in the cockpit, looking out over that long hood and curvy wheelwells while running from 3rd to 6th gear merging on the interstate! a truely genuine classic. 
This is my first Vette since my 1969 convertible. The performance is exceptional. The aerodynamics are well engineered, the car actually feels like it's attached to the road - extremely solid and smooth on the highway. Low end torque is so powerful that you never have to rev the engine past 2200 RPM if you don't want to. The shift linkage is very smooth and short coupled. Steering wheel controls are unnecessary because the stereo and HVAC dash controls are perfectly position right above your hand when on the shifter. The panel is a throw back to the 63-67 series, my favorite. I'm 62 and I absolutely love every minute I spend in this car, it's a delight to own and drive.
I've driven several corvettes in my quest to buy one. I am very pleased with the car. 
I owned a '69 427 pumped up Vette for 16 years. Decided at last, to replace it instead with a new one a few weeks ago. My old car was a beast, and this one equals it, but stock and under warranty! Chevy has finally brought back a true muscle car! Fun to drive, great gas mileage, unbelievably 26.5 mpg after a 3200 mile trip out west, and a rather comfortable ride to boot. I still miss my old car but this one takes away the pain leaving nothing to be desired. 
Got this as a Christmas gift Dec. 07. We are a Corvette family, with my mom owning a 82' and also a 2005. After driving both of those I was ecstatic to get in my 08 for the first drive. This thing handles like nobody's business, so smooth and responsive. I love all the little gadget-y stuff (like the OnStar, GPS, heated seats are fab. in the cold NY winters). The push button start took some getting used to, I prefer to turn a key myself. Also, getting in and out was a comedy of errors until I figured out how it's supposed to be done. My only real complaint was an extremely squeaky roof. Every time I hit a bump, squeak, squeak. Dealer fixed it no problem. This car is amazingly sharp!
Purchased new in March of 09. 0% financing and steep discount was enough to convince. The car looks fantastic in Velocity Yellow. Turns heads around town. Averaging over 21+ MPG.
AI bought an 08 with 5000 miles on it. It has Z-51, dual mode and 6 speed manual. Performance is outstanding, dual mode is fun. Z-51 suspension is on the stiff side. It is OK in states with smooth roads, but would be bothersome in northern climates with cracked pavement. Overall a well built car so far.
I had never owned a Corvette before purchasing a new 2008 crystal red metalic coupe. I thought that I could not afford one yet, and then the Chevrolete employee pricing was offered. I had planned to wait another 5 years before taking the plung, but the price was right sooner. I had never even been in a Vette or even test driven a Vette until my purchase. I just knew I wanted one! I couldn't be any more pleased with color, speed and acceleration, interior. I love everything about this car. Everyone else loves it too. To all you who have put off purchasing the new C6 Corvette...go do it, you'll not regret it.
Considering all the good reviews I must have gotten the car built on a Friday before a holiday. This is the worst car I have ever owned. Worst paint job I have ever seen. Silver body doesn?t match the gray front. Visible drips in the paint. Car was purchased new but I took it to a body shop to see if it was ever hit and repainted. Seams don't line up, door doesn't close flush. Worst stereo I have ever heard. Cheap interior. Center console was put on incorrectly. Window indexing mechanism was defective. Brakes continued to squeak even after service addressed issue. Loud and embarrassing buzzing/humming sound coming from the dash when car goes over 70mph. Too many other problems to list.
I'm a mechanical engineer and I love this car, my first Corvette! Acceleration, fuel economy, fun to drive. It's much more than I thought a Corvette could be. The engineers who worked on this car should be very proud. I test drove what I thought was my dream car, a BMW Z coupe, M series (my daily driver is a 5 series) and it did not compare. Only two options; Z51 and dual mode exhaust. I removed the fuse from the exhaust so it's open all the time. At 58 years old, this car makes me feel the same way I did when I was 23. I drive it on day long trips through the Ozark mountains, simply wonderful. A pure expression of freedom and individuality. It's magic!
I owned a 1984 and a 1986 Z51 C4. I liked the C5 but didn't have the money. When I picked up my black on black 3LT C6 the smile stuck to my face. and now I have high blood pressure when ever you push the start button 8^). I love this car... and after a year & 8k miles it keeps getting better!
This is my 11th Corvette since I was 18. I have had a pretty wide spread of years and this 2008 steals the show! Very docile in traffic but packs a heck of a punch when desired. I had a fast 1972 LT1 car that this one would probably beat, and be more comfortable doing it. The electronic suspension control really steps up to the plate when needed. Thanks Chevy, you're number 1 in my book!
I finally pulled the trigger when Chevy had the employee pricing. I couldn't be happier with the car. The acceleration is breathtaking. The lines of the car are sharp and a real eye catcher. My only complaint on this beast is the stereo sound system. For $70K put a good sound system in. I purchased the atomic orange Z06 and it accelerates like an atomic bomb and the roar of the exhaust is better than the stereo anyways. I have owned a 1990 Vette and the technology now is just unbelievable especially the Z06. Am I happy with the car, heck yes.
I bought this car strictly for the performance. It is not a daily driver for me. This is my first Vette. I test drove TT,335I, IS350, G35. The power of this car with NPP,Z51 and 6 speed manual is a rush. Nothing compares in this price range. I do think the seats could be more comfortable and I will replace the run flats with Pilot Sports when worn out. The targa top "pops" over large bumps. I've been told that is a common issue but easy to fix. When driving aggressively I sometimes have troulbe finding 3rd gear. Bought the Mild to Wild dual mode exhaust controller and run it open all the time. The sound is awesome. Overall very happy with it and can't wait to get back in it.
It is a privilage and pleasure to own and drive a 2008 "Crystal Red" 427 special edition Z06 Corvette. I thought seriously about buying a Nissan GTR, but after seeing the GTR in person, I felt it remined me of a fancy Nissan Altima with new fenders. The engine sounded tame and boring. It just didnt excite me much. In contrast, just standing near the Z06 Corvete and looking at it, makes your heart race. I fell in love with this sexy beast from the moment it rumbled to life with a push of the button. The car looks twice in good in person as it does in pictures and sounds beautiful. It's incredibly fun to drive, and I have to beat the girls away from it. I absolutly love it.
I've been looking to buy a new Corvette for about 3 months. With GM reporting a sales decrease of 45% for October, I knew now was the time to pull the trigger. I bought the machine silver 2008 convertible with titanium interior and a black top. It looks great in the garage and I smile everytime I open the garage door. Absolutely no buyer's remorse. The only reason I gave the interior design a 9 is because I can't plug my MP3 into the stereo... what's that all about? The NPP dual mode exhaust is cool as hell and the magnetic selective ride rocks. If you're thinking at all about buying one of these, don't wait any longer. Now's the time do get a great deal on a great American sports car. 
Purchased a 2005 auto Vette 11/05 and had nothing but trouble with it, mostly electronics. I took a chance and purchased a 2008 12/15/07 with six speed and very little in options. What a car. The ride is better, my wife hated the ride in the 2005, and it is a joy to drive. The color is Crystal Red and is an attraction where ever we ago. Gas mileage is around 25 mpg. The six speed has enhanced the overall enjoyment even when in traffic, which is common in the DFW area freeways. My next Vette will be the ZR1- I hope.
No doubt this is an awesome car to drive and own. You will get a lot of attention as you drive up and down the roads in this fine tuned machine. I have the crystal red with a 6 speed manual.
I got this car in place of a Porsche 911 S and believe me, this car is no Porsche. It's huge for a "sports car". A sports car is supposed to be small, powerful and nimble. The Vette's handling is comparable to an elephant trying to perform on the balance beam at the Olympics. Sure, I like the power under the hood. 30 horses with the dual mode exhaust sounds great, but that's about the only thing that's great on this car. After driving BMW's, Z cars, Porsche's and even my Mercedes E350, I am very disappointed in the way this car's handing and appointments are for the money. Can't anyone in the U.S. build a "sports car" at least in the league of the afore mentioned. Pitiful. 
I had an M3 ten years ago which was the benchmark for me for purchasing a new sports car. The Corvette handles as well as the M3 with an enormous amount of power. I still can't wipe the smile off of my face everytime I drive this car. 
427 cubes of modern day small block, push rod V8 engine technology is a wonderful thing! I never thought it would happen in an age of hybrids and ever greener emission standards. The Chevrolet Corvette Z06 is the best of all worlds. Big time muscle car performance, yet still docile and comfortable enough for every day commuting. It don't get much better than this! Corvette still rules as America's #1 favorite sports car. Thank you Chevrolet!
My 4th new Corvette, my first Z06, and by far my most powerful and fun Vette ever. This car looks incredible and has the performance to match the looks. Complete strangers tell me they love it, and even my wife saw it and said it was the best looking Vette she had ever seen. I bought it 48 hours later. It graces my garage parked next to my 02 vette (7,200 miles) which I am saving for my only daughter who was born in 2002. The license plates have her name and 02. At 5 years old she is already a Vette fanatic, she has good taste like her dad and mom.
I have owned five Corvettes in my life, but my 2008 is the first new one I have had. In 2004 I bought a beautiful black 2002 convertible and I really loved it, then I began reading about the 2008 and the new engine, and I figured since I had just turned 60 I would by a new Corvette. I ordered a Crystal red convertible, ebony interior, dual mode exhaust and LT3 package. I have not been disappointed, it handles like a dream, it feels so tight and manageable and when you just step on the gas, not floor it, you are doing 70 before you know it, but the best part is that almost every time I take it out, strangers will stop and tell me that is the "best looking car I've ever seen". No problems.
Driving either on the track or milk runs to Safeway is really enjoyable. Magnetic shocks energized for comfort or tighter sport ride is the way to go for me. No wonder the ZR1 is using similiar technology. Gas mileage has a wide range; from 13 in town to truly over 3l mpg on the freeways.
Excellent car providing power on demand, great fuel mileage, and fun to drive. Zero problems so far. Mostly in town driving with an average of 20.7 MPG in stop and go traffic..not bad! Appears to be getting about 27-28 MPG on the open road at a steady 55MPH. This is the best of 4 Vettes I've owned over the years and hopefully it won't be my last.
I'm not one for american cars. Honda and Toyota are the quality I expect. So spending 45K on this car was a huge gamble for me. If Toyota or Honda made a real supercar then there would be no Vette in my garage. But I have to say, without a doubt this is one of the best cars in America today. Built with quality and not one problem so far. Very happy with the performance, 26+MPG on the highway and the fit and finish that will match anything from Japan. The 08 is much more than the 07 model. Hold out for a 08, you will be glad you did. Excellent ride and performance for the money. Much nicer dash layout than any other year Vette. I'm just so happy the fit and finish is as nice as it is. Also, Chevy is finally after all these years making the dash layout worth looking at. Seeing the same dash components in the Vette as the Chevette is one reason I waited so long to get one. Much better dash/interior than the previous years. Go and get one.
I purchased my first Vette ever(Red 2008 Z06). I traded a 07 BMW 335i (I miss it by the way). The Z06 feels very fast and safe. Ggreat handling, great brakes, fat tires, low to the ground, super wide, etc. The looks of this car is just unbelievable. The regular Vette looks so plain and simple compared to the fat fender z06. This car is a real challenge for Ferrari, Porsches, Lamborghinis, you name it. This car screams on the highway, the sound of the engine is spectacular. It makes you want to go to the garage and just start up the car so that you can hear the engine. This car is a perfect sport coupe with a huge trunk (best on its class) 
This is my 5th Vette. The 08 LS3 is so smooth. The interior upgrades were overdue and really enhance the overall quality of the car. The 6 speed auto works well for high traffic cities while the paddles allow for manual pleasures when desired. When comparing my Vette to my brother's Cobra Mustang, I really appreciate the refined cockpit and nicely placed shifter, interior controls, and the overall feel and control of a 400+hp monster. If you can afford one you would be crazy not to buy one. 
I have been having constant problems with my new Z06.1. The automatic shift from 1st to 4th light does not comes on and off whether I am actually shifting from 1st to 4th. Sometimes the vehicle will not let me fill a full tank instead it only allows me to fill 1/2 a tank. My traction light comes on and off whenever it wants and it seems the rear end is slipping. When I make wide slow turns the steering wheel gets rock hard and I have to really hold it tight as if I didnt have power steering. When I pull my vehicle up to my drive way I hear the roof of the car crackling as if the roof is shifting. My power seat control went out the first week of owership and they had to replace it.
Originally, I was going to get the wife a new Cadillac, and make my first Vette a used one. We both decided we weren't ready for the a Caddy, so we got a new Vette. The only comment I can make that says it all is that it is everything I dreamed it would be and more. We got the Z51 package, which is a little bit stiffer suspension. I was worried it might be a little rough riding, but it isn't. It's smooth as glass. I reccomend the Z51. The one option I didn't get and wish I had is the dual mode exhaust. Even without it, it still has a pretty good sound to it. If you take it easy on the highway, you can get pretty close to 30mpg, which is amazing for 430 HP. It's a rocket on wheels.
I have been a Ford man for many years and never liked Corvettes.This is an unbelievable car in performance, handling, braking and fuel economy. In highway driving I can easily get 26 or 27 MPG, this is incredible for a 500 HP car. The seats are very comfortable as is the driving position. The car is hard to get in and out because it is very low to the ground. The suspension is very stiff which does not bother me but could be to much for some owners. This car is scary fast !
I've been a fan of the Corvette as long as I remember, but this is my first one. Comparing it to anything else I've ever driven... well, I just can't. It outperforms them all in just about every way. Obviously, it is a sportscar and no one can deny it's performance (even not considering it's price). I shopped several european vehicles and looked at a couple of Asian models. The only thing close of US manufacturer's are the Viper (not civil enough for me) and the Cadillac, which is a heavier underpowered Corvette. Nothing compared. Acceleration is incredible, handling sublime, but what I'm most impressed with is the comfort. I'm 6'3" and feel comfortable enough to enjoy a 10 hr trip
This is my second Z06. The first was an '06. I loved it, but decided to return to an '08 convertible. It was a nice car, but I quickly missed my Z06.So, it was back to a Z06. I have never driven a better, more enjoyable car in my life! It's an everyday driver, and I can't wait to start the motor each day. If you can afford it, don't miss the chance to own and drive one. The Z06 will do everything that GM says...and more.
Smooth engine, watertight, amazing handling. Powerful, cheap compared to Europen competition. Reliable, no problems 
This is my second Corvette. After owning a 1986 Vette that I sold due to 2 teenage boys I just had to have another once they moved out. This Vette will keep a smile on your face. Very fun car to own and drive! Zero problems in the first 6 months and 2k miles of ownership. Paddle-shifting at full throttle with the optional dual-mode exhaust is a blast! Great handling and smooth ride - hard to believe you could have both! I expect we'll keep this Vette for quite some time and then pass it down to the kids.
Wow! This care is awesome to say the least. Pound for pound the best American performance sports car ever built. The look, power, handling, daily driveablity, interior features and pricing says it all. I finally have my dream car and there are only a few carnal pleasures that trump driving this machine. The dual mode exhaust is so cool, sounds like afterburners on a jet and the power is like riding in a rocket. HUD display is unique and a must have. Paddle shift and magnetic select ride features allow the driver to have two cars in one. Interior is luxurious enough for the real sports car enthusiast.
When I ordered the 4LT package I was a bit skeptical, but after seeing the Linen first hand and feeling the difference in comfort and support alone compared to the 3LT or below I'd definitely say it was worth it. The only compliant is actually not even the cars fault, and that is the tire roar at highway speeds with the run flats. I've driven the last 3 generations of Vettes and this is by far the most advanced.
First time owner '08 3LT, Z51, dual mode exhaust, with Nav, etc., crystal red. I liked the C5 styling, but the C6 is so much better without popup headlights. Performance at this price point is amazing. The ride with the optional Z51 suspension is still very smooth, yet taut. Dual mode exhaust sounds simply awesome when you punch it in the guts, and adds a bit more power to boot. And who knew that a car capable of nearly 190 mph could get 25-30 mpg when driven normally. Amazing. And the trick integration of the HUD with the nav unit is super cool. I have very few negative things to say about this car. It's a keeper.
Having have many performance German vehicles in the past (BMW E46 M3 was my last), there is no substitute for displacement. The torque on takeoff always puts a smile on my face. I love the NPP exhaust which I recommend to anyone as a must have. This car is a tremendous deal for the price that will spank many cars costing 2-3 times more. Also, to increase the HP to over 500 is relatively cheap compared to German or Italian cars.
I have always wanted a Corvette, as most men. I finally made the big decision last year, with no regrets. This is an awsome machine. Driving the vehicle is totally off the chain, I want to drive it all the time. The only improvement that I would recommend is the console between the seats. This area can be improved, my wife has some great ideas on this.
This is my 5th Corvette and by far and away the best. The Magnetic Selected Ride Control system is great. In the sport mode it feels like a Z51 but without the rough ride. In the tour mode it rides like a Caddy. It's like getting two Vettes for the price of one. The optional factory installed performance exhaust is a must have feature along with the performance axle. Feeling and hearing the roar from the dual exhaust at start-up is as they say worth the price of admission. The spectacular LS3 engine feels like it should be rated at 476 hp rather than the listed 436 hp. I'am so glad I made the upgrade from a 05 C6. The 08 Corvette with it's 22 improvements is an awesome sports car! 
This is my 3rd Corvette 1993-C4, 1998-C5, and now 2008-C6-LT3. I got another all Black version with the LT3 package, 6sp manual, Navigation system, Z-51 handling package with dual exhaust system. I must be a masochist for getting black a third time but when clean nothing looks better. By far this is the best Corvette I have ever owned. The vehicle now really has the horse power to be called a Corvette. The handing is crisp and precise and the acceleration is enough to cause whiplash. I have installed some additions; mesh grill, wild to mild exhaust controller, CAGS eliminator, iPod interface with HD radio and better rear speakers (Focals). Other than that I can see nothing else to change.
I have wanted a Corvette for along time now but never pulled the trigger. I bought an 08 Crystal Red 3LT. Magnetice ride a must if you live in the Northeast because of pot holes with The performance exhaust(this is a must option with the mild to wild remote,repeat a must option) This exhaust note is incredible but my neighbors are not liking it at night. and I got zo6 replica chrome wheels and red painted calipers. in a little over a month I have put 900 miles on it because I always want to drive it.
This is my first Vette. The quality and workmanship put into this car is the best and worth the price. Gas mileage at 65mph is 24 miles per gallon! The performance is unsurpassed. Don't wait any longer, for this car is truly an American classic. You can't beat the quality, price, and performance. 
This car is fantastic. This is our second Corvette and we like them so much we kept our 2001 for me and this one is hers. I am ussually a M-6 guy but this A-6 is plenty quick. The paddle shifters are way too slow and if you pull down instead of up you will overrev the engine quick. I think they are worthless and should have just left the selecter on the floor. We bought the crystle red metalic vette and it is georgous.
For years I didn't seriously consider the Vette due to the "gold chain" image and cheap looks. The looks and performance of the C6 got my attention and the 08 improvements really got me thinking. I finally took the plunge and bought an 08 JSB/Cashmere car w/ 6sp and 2LT. You can't help but smile when you nail the throttle, hear that big V8 scream, and feel the tires fighting for traction. I came from Porsches mostly but I have owned something from about every sports car manufacturer. My most recent was an 02 911 Cabrio. I have to say that this is my favorite of anything I've owned. GM has done a magnificent job and no excuses are necessary. Drive one and you'll understand!
Unbeliveable. Never another import. This Corvette blew them away. Steering,ride and all out raw power. I can never see me ever owning another sports car. Drive it every day. Great mileage for a true American sports car.
Awesome ride. In hind sight, I'd probably go with less options. Nav and XM radio are nice, but not why I bought the car. A portable nav is easier to operate and less expensive, save the money and get the nicer wheels. The (npp) bi-modal exhaust is very cool and with the wild to mild aftermarket kit, you can select it whenever you want to. Paddleshift aut is nice, but again I'd probably save the money next time and get the 6 spd manual. The hud is something you become dependent on, unfortunately it's only available with the 3lt upgrade. 25 mpg driving it with zeal. You only live once, live it in the fast lane. 
3LT paddle shift NPP exhaust and NAV. If I were to buy this car today, I'd leave the Nav, and automatic trans off the build sheet. The NPP exhaust is a must, a portable gps is cheaper and easier to use and the 6 speed manual is a bit more fun. the money you save can go towards a new valentine1 radar detector. The hud is something you'll miss after using it for a week, so the 3lt is the only way to go. Awesome car!
I love this car, this is my dream car. Black 2008 Z06 with 3LZ pack, chrome wheels and Navigation system. It is everything I was expecting and more. A well and improved Corvette compared with the previous ones. A car in the mid $70,000 and capable of competing with the high prices cars like Porshe ect. The American auto industry is raising the bar with this car. I was shopping between all the new cars and I am very happy with my decision. The power in this car is unbelievable but at the same time it give you all the technology and accessories the perfect combination. I am using it as a daily driving car and no complaints at all. It making 16/28 MPG not bad for a 505 HP. 
As I have read in these post and now the proud owner of an 08 coupe, all I can say is folks you're right. I only have 400 miles on it to date and that was 2 days worth on the road. From the beginning this vehicle has been nothing but a hit. Quick acceleration, fine curvy features, great paint, comfortable ride, hud. If your in the market for one. Please do yourself a favor. Buy.
I have finally purchased my life long dream car. I love this car and I would say the only thing I would do differently is improve the rearward visibility. The view through the rear glass looks a little fuzzy because of the curvature of the glass. I love the car and the performance is outstanding.
Had this 2008 for 4 months now and love it. Super fast for a stock Vette. Traded my 2003 anniversary in on it. The ride is a lot more comfortable and the interior looks and feels great. The 3lt package is a must. Can't beat the price, a lot of car for 50 grand.
I'm still a new owner, but I think this is a great car. The power is great, and as a racecar driver, the handling is impressively good. Even my wife, who has no interest in cars, likes it. The interior has just had some minor upgrades and seems fine to me. The seats are comfortable and the controls come to hand nicely. Very little noise gets inside the car either. Unfortunately this also makes the car's occasional squeeks from the roof latches stand out more. I guess GM has a fix coming soon for this problem. Another niggle is the occasional nanny warnings from the computer. You can't open the doors with the engine running and it'll even warn you if you leave the turn signal on too long.
The new 08 ls3 engine is something lot of power smooth and responsive 6 speed w exhaust package makes it fun the 3lt package and leather dresses it up as the interior can be plain needs blue tooth but overall real happy I waited for the 08 the performance handling package is great makes the ride completely different so a new toy to play with 
I've had my 2008 Corvette Coup, black/blackMag ride, 3LT, Nav, chrome wheels, 6 paddle auto, trans roof, for about a week now. I love this car. I had many new cars over the years but this car is special. The ride is very good. It is surprisingly comfortable as a daily driver. The coupe has lots of cargo space. The handling is excellent. With 430 hp the power is endless. No trouble hitting holes in traffic. The looks are amazing. I get so many compliments on this car. I've heard complaints about cheap interior but I think it looks and feels great. The heated leather sport seat are comfortable. I have no regrets just sorry I didn't buy it sooner. It is amazing!
Well, we took the Museum Delivery (R8C). I would highly recommend except, it cost me 60K because my wife wants a white convertible. This vehicle is just great. Talk about bang-for-the buck!!!!!! The dual- stage exhaust option is a must. The Nav Sys is great. We optioned, 3LT, Dual Roof, Two-Tone Interior, Crystal (daughter's name)Red, Chrome Al Wheels, Nav,.
After 4 years of Corvette C5 coupe ownership I purchased a new 2008 Machine Silver Z06 based on pricing, performance and looks. Having owned the car less than two weeks I can say this is absolutely the best automobile I have owned. The performance and acceleration is superb. The looks are unmatched and pricing for this American supercar is right on. The Z06 is not an economy car but highway mileage in the mid 20's is not disappointing.
My First Vette - Crystal Red Metallic/ Cashmere interior. I have been looking and wanting a Vette for over 40 years, ever since I had my 69 GTO Judge. Your going to spend some money on your dream car, then don?t cut corners. I got all the options. I love the Nav System. The Z51 package is a must. Chrome wheels. The 3LT PEG gives you all you need (headsup display, heated seats, memory pkg, Bose). Six-Speed Paddle Shift w Auto modes, you have a standard without a clutch and an automatic. Remove the Roof Panel and you really improve the looks, more folks turn their heads as you drive past. With premium gas the cost to drive is less than my F150. The cost of insurance is also less than my truck.
This is the third Corvette I have owned in the past four years. One was a 2004 C5 and the other one was a 2005 C6. This 2008 ZO6 is by far the best handling and performing vehicle I have driven in many years. The reviews are correct for stating that this car is the "best bang for the buck"
Ordered a 08 coupe back in October. Arrived at the dealer on 12/11/07. Took delivery on 12/12/07. Just completed the 500 mile break-in. Love the improvement in the steering. Better on center feel. Love the NPP exhaust. Finally the C6 sounds like a sports car. Nice deep/throaty sound. Best new feature is the LS3 v8 engine. 436 hp and sooooo silky smooth! Glad I made the upgrade from a 05 C6 coupe. Love it when other drivers pull up along side me at a traffic light and give me that "Geez I wish I had your car" look. "Americas Sports Car" is awesome for 2008!
I have owned Vette's starting with 67, 76, 95, 99 and now a 2008. All were coupe's with the exception of the 67 that was a vert. I use to say that the best build quality was the 67 until I purchased the 1999 and the most aggressive looking body style and bay far the best bass sound from the bose stereo was the 95. However, the 2008 coupe is by far the best overall corvette I have ever owned. My 99 was a great car with the z51 handling package but I picked up my 2008 and drove it 800 miles in 2 days and it hands down has the best ride and driver seat comfort. GM continues to impove on the American Icon each generation and I consider myself fortunate to have the opportunity to own one.
For the money, the Corvette is a nearly impecible sports car. The car is extremely fun to drive. I've had the car for 6 months and dont regret it at all. The only American vehicle to make forbes recent top vehicle list, it ties for first with the Mercedes-Benz G55 AMG. I believe it deserves this title. You will probaly never use the speed but its extremely fun to have. The quality and speed could be compared to that of the Porshe, Maserati, and maybe a Ferrari. All in all if you are thinking of buying a corvette, stop thinking and start doing.
First Vette, hated previous generations. The C6 made me a believer. The C6 is awesome from a thank god six cogger tranny to a really nice interior. It is no Porsche but it no longer a fancy or more powerful mustang or camaro either. Try it you will love it. I sold my E500 for this I am am thrilled with it the new 6.2 is breathtaking and the optional exhaust can't be described must be heard. Also windows crack open when door opens a la BMW for an airtight seal. Way to go GM.
I traded in my 2005 C6 with z51 for a 2008 base model 6m with just the Z51 option. I purchased the new 2008 for just under 42k(thats around $800 under invoice. The new car is almost like a night and day difference. The new c6 has a much nicer interior, much tighter and quiter ride, much better shifting and steering and last, but not least, the power of the new engine. I can defenitely tell the difference in acceleration. I think Chevy under estimated the 430 horses to make a larger gap in horse power for the Z06. This new car is just simply amazing.
I told my son I was going to trade my 2004 Z06 Commemorative on a new base convertible and he said "Oh, man, don't sell that car. I love that car." He's a really good kid so I gave it to him (he's very happy), then started looking. I didn't know much about the C6, got a recommended dealer to send me a brochure, decided going from Z06 to base is not cool. He had a red one with 2LZ and a black one with 3LZ coming in within the next two months and I bought the red one. He took pictures of it being unloaded. It is awesome. I ran out of space in Suggested Improvements, so will add: Be sure you know what you get in 3LZ before you order it. I'm not too sure about that one for $3500.
The all "new" 2008 Corvette is exactly that! From a new Jetstream Blue exterior, a revamped upscale interior, 36HP increase, and a new exhast system the new feature enhancements are extraordinary. The new Jetstream Blue exterior really stands out in the crowd. The 4LT interior (Linen & Ebony) finally puts Corvette in the luxury realm. The 436 HP puts the Vette way above any other car in the price range. The optional Z06 style butterfly exhaust makes the car really sound like a Vette should right from the start. I added an optional remote that lets me control the exhaust butterfly. I owned a 2004 C5 prior to this C6 and was completely blown away at how much better this car is over my C5.
Love my new 2008 Coupe. I traded my 04 Z06 Commemorative for it and haven?t looked back. This car is a dream to drive, a computer on wheels. 
Did the museum delivery. It was amazing. People were great. Was very interesting seeing the manufacturing. Really appreciated the people's commitment to the Corvette. The car is great. Very tight. My 10 year old did the best one word explanation of the car calling it "sick" 
I love this new Vette! It is a rocket ship and has way more power than anything in the same price class and even as fast as much more expensive cars like the Porsche 911 S. It does not handle as well as the German sports cars like Porsche or BMW, but it has gobs of power. I was doing 90 in 3rd gear! Amazing design and much better than the 2006 model. Now if Chevy can improve the poor handling it would be the ultimate sports car!
I had a Honda for transportation and a Harley for fun. My father had just bought an 04 convertible and I had my first drive in it two weeks ago. I got the bug. I test drove an 07 and didn't feel much more power than the 04. Plus the interior was cheesy. Drove the 08 LT1 and and when I punched it the first time, an involuntary expletive burst out of my mouth. I could not believe that this car was street legal. The LS3 engine is night and day from the LS2. Plus, the interior was much nicer. I couldn't wait for an LT2 or 3 and bought it that day. Run, don't walk to the dealership and get one of these. You won't regret it. 
For years, I've stayed away from the Vette because of poor quality interior and poor feedback response. I've owned a S2000, 350z (modified twin turbo), Audi S4, and Lexus SC430. I can honestly say I'm impressed with every aspect of the care especially the great handling and daily livability. Feedback response is not as crisp as the S2000, but its good enough to instill confidence. The interior is so much better now, it feels like a luxury sports car (on-star, turn-by- turn navigation, radio frequency keyless entry/start, coach-like leather, and tactile sensation of each dial/button, phone). Every day, I find something more to like and I'm a hard person to please when it comes to details
The acceleration is exhilerating, especially when the 2 valves in the exhaust opens. It is like afterburners in a jet. The tight handling is unbelieveable. It sticks to the road like glue and comes out of curves smooth as silk. When driving this car all worries of the day seem to disappear.
I have disliked this car since I had to drive it in snow the first week I owned. I thought it would be o.k. to buy a FWD instead of an AWD. I was wrong and so was my salesman. He didn't think I would have a problem. Obviously he didn't know what he was talking about. I won't buy another car from Superior Chevrolet. After making attempts to get some kind of resolution I was unsuccessful. 
The car drives great and is pretty reliable. It rains in puddles on the back floor board and back where tire is stored. Nothing else in the car gets wet. I vacuumed a 1/2 gallon of water. The dealership has no idea where the water is coming from. Seats, headliners and inside interior are all dry. 
I find you get alot for your money but I've had my car only a year and 6 months and already had the left front and the right front axle changed along with a door handle that fell of an interior passenger visor. I also had to have my ac panel changed because of peeling and now I'm awaiting a passenger door lock controller and a front right head light. It makes me wonder how much I'm going to have to spend after the 2 YEAR warranty if I will have to bear these frequent visits to the garage without even being in an accident and owning a new car. I would suggest a different car. I'm think of the new Audi cross over Hyundia. By the way I hate the unsteady cup holders an cheap old fashion ac vents.
I had a 2007 kia, until I found the equinox. I was originally looking at a Pontiac torrent which is a sister to the equinox. I ended up buying the equinox. Its actually wider than the torrent and the front ends are different. We recently drove it to fla for a Cruise and it was a wonderful ride verses the kia. Only bad thing is the stupid plastic cup holders... And no where to lay your phone or smokes but I fixed that problem easily. I bought a small office wire basket at walmart and put it on the dash, now I have space to stash a lot. The radio is great but the speakers arent as good as I had in my kia... But overall I give this suv a 10! 
I traded my Impala for the Equinox because we were going on a road trip and wanted more room. The Equinox has that. We traveled from Texas to Califoria and back without a hitch. Gas mileage is good. Lots of leg room. I like the sporty look of the Equinox even though it is not the sport model. The position of the windo controls took a little getting used to. All in all I would recommend this vehicle.
I was skeptical of the reviews of the Equinox from this website. I debated between the Trailblazer and Equinox, but under pressure to trade my very undesirable Honda CRV, I took the plunge and bought the Equinox. I've had it now for 16 months and 22k miles. This car beats the CRV hands down. It is much more comfortable, has more power, has a smoother ride, roomier, much quieter, and the gas mileage is actually comparable. Glad I traded the CRV and didn't get the Trailblazer. Problems: I've had to replace two batteries and the radio (all under warranty). I don't know why the batteries are being discharged prematurely. 
I took my pregnant wife (8 months)to the car show and we spent 4 hours trying out nearly every SUV and minivan made. Fortunately we both loved the Equinox with its style, safety rating, and overall flexibility. My wife could no longer fit into her Ford Escort and she absolutely loves the new Equinox. Our baby boy also seems to like it, spending long car rides sleeping in the rear seat. The cup holders are ok, and the window controls take a little getting used to (location). Overall it is a good value and a sensible car to start our family in. 
I am pleasantly surprised at how much I like this car. It's very roomy and quiet on the road with a lot of features not available on the competition. I have the mid-grade LT1, front wheel drive model. It's easy to see out of fore and aft, so driving, parking and backing up is easy. The gas mileage is great; I have been averaging over 20 city/hiway and it only requires regular gas. Given I have only the mid level model; it doesn't drive sporty but is pretty agile. However, it can feel tipsy in very windy driving conditions, which makes the steering feel a too light. Upgraded models might mitigate this. Lastly, while the seats are comfy, they are a bit too soft on long drives.
 Rear doors fill with rain, dust, snow, dirt when going down road. When doors are opened the fender wells are covered with dirt, dust, snow, water making it impossible to use rear seats with out getting clothes ruined..Dealer won't correct nor will G.M. Sorry!
I just traded a 2002 Ford Explorer for this Equinox and I'm loving it! I can still hardly believe I qualified for one, but I did! It is such a cute, roomy SUV for my family and I. I can't wait to take it on a road trip and see how well it does. I love how much lower to the ground this vehicle sits, it makes getting kids in and out easy. There is a ton of leg room in the back, even when my 6' hubby is driving. The sliding back seat is great, along with the 'purse cubby' under the front center console. A very basic vehicle, but still enough extra little things to set it apart. What really caught my attention was the crash test ratings. So very important when driving with little ones.
I love the look of my Equinox. ' After driving cars for years, I really enjoy sitting up higher.
I love my new Equinox. I was originally looking for a Honda CR-V, but the moment I saw the Equinox I switched. Honda CR-Vs seems cheap looking compared to the Chevy Equinox. I'm also glad to buy American.
This vehicle is fun to drive and is quite comfortable. Has decent power and handling. Love the colour (Granite Gray Metallic), yet the interior tends to be somewhat spartan (typical chevy, although I see the 2010 model improves dramatically upon that). Turning radius is too large, and the usual issue with the cup holders is a hindrance and they are also somewhat flimsy. Back seat a model of versatility, as it moves 8" fore and aft to accommodate either passengers or cargo. I do like the height of the rear liftgate, although shorter persons may find it tough to reach. Overall a fine vehicle - and the AWD feature works well in Chicago area winters. Upgraded Pioneer stereo is rad!
This SUV is definitely the best purchase for a family in our opinion. The Equinox has more than enough power, and for tall or bigger person is is ideal. After much researching for almost a year, this car is extremely safe and puts the mind at ease with safety. We have a big truck, and didn't want to sacrifice room and power for great gas mileage of a car. Although I wish I had gone with the LS, this is my only regret. This base model has more than enough gadgets and the OnStar is wonderful. I work night shift and live in the country, and after a serious accident about a year ago I am so comfortable driving in the snowy conditions on back roads. With only the FWD, I have never had a problem!
Experience rather noisy. Car has a whine at 35 mph that dealer says is normal. My wife will not drive it as she cannot find a comfortable seat adjustment position for her short legs. (She has no problems with our Ford product). The fuel mileage is terrible. I sold my pickup to get better mileage but it did not happen.
We bought a 2008 Chevy Equinox LT-2 trim package after looking at the Ford Escape and Edge and the Jeep Liberty. The Equinox fits me fine and I'm 6ft 5 285lbs. And January 24, 2008 we proved its crash test ratings. I fell asleep at the wheel around noon and hit the guide rails on I-79 with cruise set at 68. Looks like I hit them head on. Took out 5 posts then rolled and slid down into grass. It totaled the car and all we got was sore necks from seatbelts. Even the airbags didn't hurt hitting us! But I think they saved our lives we had 5 in car. 3 kids in back. 5 star 4 sure!
At least that's what my husband calls it. My little rollerskate. I've had it almost a year now and its still as fun to drive as it was the day I bought it. My little AWD goes through the deep snow like a dream. There's tons of room in the back for the kids to stretch out and we can still take the dog along with us on road trips and it gets decent gas mileage. The only complaint I have for my Equinox is that it is a little lightweight, if the wind is really blowing I have to keep both hands at 10 and 2 to keep it steady. But up here in Michigan we don't get too many windy days so it's only been a stressful ride once or twice. All in all it's a great little family car. Cute and fun to drive.
Well I traded in my 02 Envoy for the 08 Equinox sport, and by far I miss the smoothness of the ride the Envoy had. I had 150,000 miles on it and it still rode better. I like the Equinox, I don't love it. I do like the mpg better though. The turning radius is not good. Lots of blind spots! It's kind of a flimsy car. My buddy sat on the hood and it dented so easily, but I guess that is just how cars are built today. It handles very nice, but does not shift smooth at all. When I have the cruise control on it annoys me. It is good in the snow, but wish I would of got AWD. I love the remote start and the heated seats. I have the good stereo, but for some reason it does not get loud enough.
With gas prices were soaring, my husband and I no longer wanted to keep a truck and we traded in his 1997 Silverado for the Equinox. We wanted a small SUV with AWD for winter driving. It handles well in bad weather; rides comfortably, but it hesitates when trying to excellerate on the highway. I didn't like the window controls on the console at first, but I got use to it. Gas mileage was great on a trip to Ocean City MD. We got about 29 mpg. My husband was excited about that. There is not a lot of room in the front. The cup holders are cheap and awkward. Despite a few negatives, we both like our Equinox. Unfortunately, my husband still misses his truck, even though he likes our new SUV.
I came down in size from a TrailBlazer EXT to this Equinox Sport - to save gas. Best thing I ever did. This little mover can get up and run. It brought back fun in driving. Mileage is OK considering the HP it has. Good move!
Within days of purchase realized the motor was too loud. Dealership said that was normal only to rescind that point of view a week later when we took a stand that it was unacceptable. Vehicle in the shop more than 2 weeks while they tore the motor down and discovered a bent connector rod. All fixed up at no additional cost to us, but not very impressed with a rebuild on my new vehicle. Recent problems include the inside windows actually frosting up and staying covered in ice despite the blowers going full tilt....again dealership indicated this is a problem with these types of vehicles. Wonderful news. To top it off, this morning the thing wouldn't start! Towed to the dealership again.
I first got this car because I liked the way it looked, and it was the only SUV out there at the time that was roomy but didn't feel like you were driving an 18 wheeler. The price was great too compared to the other SUVs of similar size that were available. I have not had a problem with it and I especially loved the free for 1 year OnStar service it came with. Although they skimped out on the turn-by-turn direction service. You can only ask for directions 1 time. After that you have to pay for it...go figure. I also like that you could adjust the rear seat to move further back for more leg room. 
GM has hit their mark with the 08 Equinox Sport, most of the reviews I've read from actual drivers (not people who write car reviews for a living I'm talking people who actually matter) say that the 3.4L engine was underpowered and not overly responsive. This is not the case with the 3.6L engine; this engine growls and throws you back in your seat on a whim. The interior space is actually amazing on all Equinox trims, when looking at the Equinox on the outside it looks like a really small SUV/Crossover but when inside and you start to load it up, you would never know how small this vehicle actually is. I would recommend this vehicle for anyone interested in sport, handling and cargo room.
We've made a couple of trips to the VA mountains from the central NC area after installing a reciever hitch and hauling a ROLA cargo box. We've been through a couple of oil changes (3000mi) and we like our Equi more than when we first got it. Gas mileage on our trips, which includes a lot of mountain roads and town driving has averaged almost 22 MPG on both trips! We confirmed the computer reading by figuring it the old fashioned way, just to make sure. Have had a couple of small warranty items repaired with no problem. This is a fun vehicle to drive and my wife (primary user) loves it. Sun roof and leather makes it nice. Entry front and back is great (I'm 6'2" and 255lbs)! 
We took our new Equinox on a road trip a week after we got it, a very pleasant ride. Comfortable seats, the long wheelbase makes the ride smoother, easy to get into. Fuel economy is much better than my 06 Trailblazer, and there is more interior room for passengers. The big cooler sits flat on the floor in the back seat, XM radio & OnStar are also great. The electric steering is quiet and efficient. It is just a great ride. We're going again in a couple of weeks, and I can't wait to get on the road. Then, in everyday life, it's easy on gas around town, easy to park, simple to maneuver. Plenty of room for stuff in the back, too. This might be my most favorite car ever. 
Just got my 2008 Equinox Sport. I'm liking it more and more. Fun to drive. The map pocket is a little uncomfortible against my right leg. It handles great on the road.
I bought the LTZ black metallic after lots of research. Had the Escape for 4 years and never got used to the rough ride. RAV4 seemed just as rough on the test drive. Considered the Santa Fe, but it didn't have the 'cool' look and features even though storage is a little better. Agree with others about bad cup holders, no room to access driver side recline lever, and limited storage. My gas mileage is about 17-18 mostly in town driving. Sunroof, fog lights, remote start and XM are fun to have, and the roomy back seat is great for adults. The wasted space btwn front seats is annoying and I wish I had more places to stuff things. My first black car and it has been great in California
I love this car. My first SUV and I never thought I would ever want one. I got it because many times I would buy something and not be able to get it home in my car. My 80lb dog rides nicely in the back area. Plenty of room for him to stretch. People with long legs can sit comfortably in the back seat. I haven't found anything I don't like about this car. Lots of great features included that are usually options on other cars. Would recommend this car!
This is my second Equinox, and I love it more that the first. The AWD is great for winters here. The gas mileage is good for a car this size, and one considered an SUV/crossover. I still can't believe how much 'stuff' and I can cram into it. Back seats are good for riding with my long legged sons. Only drawback is the 'blindspots' in the back corners and front also. 
Traded a 2006 Equinox LT for 2008 LTZ. Wanted an SUV with GPS. This is the best deal on the market for features and upgrades included. Very comfortable ride. Gas mileage is acceptable. 
We researched mid size sports utes extensively. This seemed the best combination of interior room, price, fule economy and towing capacity for our needs. Fuel economy has been a plesant suprise (23 mpg overall, 27+ highway). It tows our 2100 lb boat well. Seats are comfortable and roomy. It rides and handles well. We don't think you can beat it for the price.
This is my second Equinox (first was an '05.) I loved my first, but wanted a remote start plus some of the other new features. I'm getting 20.5mpg mixed driving, straight highway I get 29-30mpg. Remote start is great, as is the XM and OnStar. I miss the cargo shelf in my '05, but the space that's freed up is really nice. I don't care for the double cup holder in the front. If you pull up the emergency brake, you can't put a drink on the left side. Also, the air will not stay on the recirculate setting on certain vent settings, and reverts back to exterior air when you re-start the engine.
I have driven 1000 miles so far and I can't believe the fuel efficiency from this SUV! With good driving habits I am getting 18.5 in the city and 30 on the highway. I avoided purchasing an SUV because they are typically gas hogs. This has the perfect mix of MPG/HP/Torque. It's 3500lb towing capacity pulls my camper with ease. The ride is just right. Not squishy like a minivan, but not too truck like either. The steering is not real responsive and takes a few miles to get used to. Once you are accustomed to the feel, you will enjoy its light touch and accuracy. The spare tire is stored inside the SUV keeping it from weathering. The stereo is a bit flat, but acceptable for factory.
I previously leased a 2006 Trailblazer and while I like'd the room, the fuel economy was bad and it handled slow. Being 28, I wanted a sports car, I wanted an SUV, I needed something smaller and I wanted AWD for the winter. The result was the Equinox Sport AWD and I couldn't be happier. Very fast, very comfortable, tons of room and a comfortable back seat, sporty, cool looking and a great premium stereo system (unlike the Bose from the TrailBlazer). Overall, I'm very happy and I couldn't of made a better choice that fit me year round in an environment that has extreme weather of the summer and winter.
I've had my Equinox for four months now and am very pleased with my purchase. I test drove practically every SUV in the class and the Equinox came out on top. I came close to buying a Rogue, but the interior was cramped and lacked features. I am partial to the exteriors of the RAV4 and the Ford Edge; however, they are also lacking in the features department (at least on the basic models). The Equinox comes with a lot of bells and whistles for the price. I love the OnStar feature and the information screens. With one push of a button, I can check my oil life, tire pressure and remaining gas mileage, etc. The fuel economy isn't bad for a vehicle its size. Overall a great purchase.
We upgraded to the leather interior because the cloth interior was less comfortable and did not look like it would last long. There is lots of room in this SUV. We are getting 25 mpg plus right off the show room floor, that includes a 50-50 mix of city and highway driving. There is very little road noise on the inside while driving. Vehicle handles well and has more than enough power with 6 cylinder engine. The report of the cup holders is accurate, they are pretty chintzy. The lever for the steering wheel adjustment is also more difficult to operate while driving. Wish the rear hatch had an automatic open with the key chain, the gas cap door had a lock.
The Chevy Equinox has been a great car for me. I am a detached insurance agent and this car has givin me plenty of room and comfort. It has a pretty great stereo system for those time that I have been in traffic jams and not had much to do. It gives me plenty of room in the cargo area for both my filing boxes and my luggage, and for the size of the car the fuel economy isn't bad at all. All around it has been a great car for the business man and his family.
Very pleased weith vehicle, alert and steady. Since using MOBIL 1, mileage is respectable at around 19 +, with a few extra PSI in the 18" tires too. The paint and overall appeareance of the car is snazzy. Could use a few grab handles and more storage pockets.
I purchased a base Equinox in 2005 and thought it was great, but needed a bit more power. I just upgraded to the sport model which has 90 more hp and other upgrades as well. I would recommend this car to anyone in the market for a small - medium sized SUV.
For the money it is the best midsize crossover vehicle period. Easy entry exit. I have a bad lower back. Great view when driving. Very comfortable. A lot of room. Great engine, transmission, brakes. Prefer old style steering. Electric steering is kind of numb, vague. Not good road feel like traditional steering. Would like to see 6 speed automatic and engine with more horsepower and torque. I get a lot of compliments. Mine is ruby red.
The ride in the Equinox is very smooth - the suspension is great and it drives like a car. I was also surprised coming from a much larger engine that the smaller V6 still has a lot of get up and go. In addition, I'm getting 25mpg highway and 21-22 city. To me this is the best feature especially since the gas tank holds 20 gallons - which I think it kinda big for this size SUV. Anyway, its nice to be able to go over 400 miles on one tank. I just started a carpool at work, and the Equinox easily fits 4-5 adults - especially with the rear seat set back.
I needed more room and traded in my Chevy Malibu 2004. I love the versitility and space. It drives great and handles even better in bad weather with traction control. 
Overall I like the 2008 Chevy Equinox however I am very unhappy with the center console. The emergency brake is in the wrong spot and the 12VDC outlet is right under the pullout cupholders. Liquid and power do not mix well. I am really unhappy after reading earlier articles about the 2006 Chevy Equinox with the same complaints. Will American car companies ever get their act together?
This is my second Equinox. I previously leased a 2006 AWD LT. I recently bought the 2008 because of great dealer incentives. This one has much better handling, fewer blind spots, and a excellent, comfortable ride. I like the standard OnStar, which I used to have in my leased Trailblazers (3 of them). The gas mileage is excellent (25-26mpg hwy) even though I'm still in the process of breaking it in. I get a lot of compliments on it and it looks very sharp in black. I also got the remote start and it is awesome (cheap add-on, too). I looked a lot of vehicles and am so glad I bought this one.
This is my first GM or NA product in 15 years and I love it. Not perfect but a pretty good SUV.
I guess i got screwed because mine didn't come with free OnStar for a year, or 3 mo. of XM radio. I did buy it used though with 15,000mi. I do like the smooth drive and I think the seat cusions are very comfortable. I do not like the interior. Looks very cheap on the doors and center console. I'm not a big fan of the cushion pattern. I came from an 03 Eclipse Spider, convertable with leather. I wish I had a sunroof at least.
Only first 2000 miles, but so far we are extemely happy. Had a 2000 Venture, and this is much more fun. MPG is not quite as good, but we are around 20 MPG for her work commute. Look forward to some summer travel. Wife's back bothers her and the supportive seats really help her. 
My wife and I recently bought this SUV for her daily driver and she could not be more pleased with it. Overall 21mpg and 25mpg on the highway. Smooth ride and great price combine for a happy Chevy customer!
I traded in my 2003 Chevy TrailBlazer EXT for the Equinox. The best thing that I ever did.The gas mileage is wonderful. I only fill up once a week instead of twice a week. I travel 50 mile round trip for work and it has helped a lot due to the jacked up gas prices. 
We have owned vans for many years but decided we wanted to size down. I loved the look & price of this car and the ride is good. Some of the interior design is a little "cheap" in quality, but with the good price of the car you have to expect that. The two things I do not like are the sun visors are too short, they could use an extension of some type & the way the hatch opens, it is hard to get it open you have to grab it in just the right place. We do take a number of weekend trips and have found the gas mileage to be getting better. We are getting about 30 miles to the gallon now. Too bad the gas tank could not be a little bigger, but like I said we owned vans before.
Owned the Sport version for 5 months now and love it! Very comfortable seating both front and rear, plenty of room all around. Sport version has a stiffer ride than other versions, but not too harsh, handling is top-notch. Terrific forward visability and very stable and quiet at highway speeds. If there is a better crossover SUV in this price range, I haven't seen it. Only low note, is that I wish fuel mileage was 2-3 mpg better - but who doesn't?
After test driving suv's from Honda Pilot, Fords Edge, GMC Acadia, Saturn Vue, we decided on the Chevy Equinox. Two main reason's; 1. Ease of getting in and out of the vehicle. 2. This was the only vehicle that didn't have an obstructed view by wide front door window trims. The viewing area is much more open than any of the others. We also found the dash was not raised or slanted upward, but smoothly angles downward. Both my wife and I have bad backs and it's entry is with ease on my 6'2" 280lb frame. My wife just lost both breasts to cancer and pulling down on the rear hatch is not a problem as it was with the other SUV's. All in all, a well rounded design and earthy downhome elegance.
Vehicle looks great. Sonama Red Metalic with silver pinstripes. Performance is outstanding and the vehicle gets a lot of looks and positive comments. Heated leather seats are a big plus. Love the Pioneer sound system and the sunroof. Did not really plan on getting the sport as looked at the lower end models, but glad purchased this model instead. Only problem so far was in-dash cd player. It would just quit playing discs at certain times. Once ignition switch was turned off for a few minutes the cd player would work again. Sometimes for a few hours, sometimes for just a few songs. Tried different discs and same problem. Dealership replaced the radio/cd player now works fine.
I bought the LTZ New Year's Eve, and I am very pleased with this vehicle. I drive a lot of highway miles and average about 23 mpg, driving 65 mph. It drives smoothly, handles well, though turning radius isn't the tightest. With the back seat pulled all the way forward, there is plenty of cargo room, and with it all the way back, plenty of leg room. The Pioneer sound system w/subwoofer gives premium sound. I would suggest adding more storage compartments. The driver's visor extends, but the passenger's does not - kind of odd.
Really disappointed that I bought this truck. Traded in my 2003 fully loaded Trailblazer EXT and this is such a step down. GM really went the cheap route in the interior. The Sport version lists for $40k Cdn and there are so many better trucks for that amount of money. The biggest complaint is the ride. From what I can tell the Sport is the worst of them all but it is totally uncomfortable and bounces all over the road. This will be traded quite soon.
Well I have only had the car about a week, but it is fun to drive and has great pickup. I have the sport which gives 265 hp or so. I do wish there was a automatic release for the rear hatch by either remote and or inside latch either way would be nice, otherwise I am very happy with it and hopefully will be for a long time. 
I have only had the vehicle one week and so far I am very happy with it. I am impressed with all the features it has for the amount of money it cost. I especially like the automatic start. I am a single woman, and this is a good feature for me. I also like the OnStar feature and hands free telephone. I drive to work every day, a 52 mile round-trip day, so far I am getting approx 21 MPG. I hope to get better as the car breaks in, of course this is a lot better, than what I was getting with my Chevy Avalanche. My friends are very impressed with the looks of the vehicle, inside and out. So far I think I made a good decision to buy an Equinox.
Runs great in that have had no problems so far, but only have 3000 miles. Has great pick-up when needed, corners well. Style is impressive and everything inside "makes sense". The ride is not as smooth as I'd like to have it, but we're not talking a Caddy here. Drive conservative and get 25 MPG, but do little city driving. Realistically, I'd probably get 21 if I drove like I used to do when gas wasn't gold plated, but if we can put a man on the moon, surely we could design one that gets 30 mpg. 
I am not happy with the location of the lever to adjust the stirring wheel. It is not safe when you are on a long trip and you need to change setting's. I have to pull over to do it as it is hard to do it (over correct and turn into some one). And I am not a tall so I need to change it on trips) and also the adjustment on moving the seat, up and down. It stinks. The emergency brake is in a location the is really unhandy. I wish I would have check this car out more. Should get more for what you pay for thise car's. Did not want to pay real big money out and this is what you get. Poor quality. I hope to trade in couple years. I always was with GMC. I needed a car at the time & think I was pushed.
I went into the dealership just to look at the Equinox. (I did research online first) I test drove the car and after talking with the sales man I bought it. I gotta say I have only had it a month and I love it. It's high off the ground but not too high. The engine is so quiet. I would definitley recomomend it. In fact my mom might be getting one too.
I recently bought this car while on leave from Iraq and I must say, I love this vehicle! I couldn't stop driving it. It is fun to drive and has a lot of room inside. My two daughters love it also. My wife, she is very pleased with this car. All the extra features it has is great. This car is well built. I have a family of four and it sometimes got very tight in our last vehicle, but with the amount of space inside this one, it is great. The remote ignition starter is great too! I am now back in Iraq finsihing up my tour and all I can think about is my family and this great car we bought! Thank you Chevy!
So far so good. Fuel economy with mixed driving 20.6mpg. Hoped for better. Drives and rides great. Look forward to traveling this summer. 
I'm 6-3 270lbs and getting in and out of this vehicle is easy. V6 gets 20+ on average and 23+ highway. Plenty power and great in snow, I have fwd. also you can get 4 large adults in with no problem, lots of leg room. For the money this is a great vehicle. Also Chevy warranties are great. I?ve always been a Ford man and so far I have no regrets in switching, I think Ford has been lagging the last few years.
Only way to feel trans shifting is to watch tachometer. Has more get up and go than I figured when I bought the vehicle. The car's paint and finish are great. Used to own Fords, but this baby is hot. Put on fender flaps, a must to keep side panels dry. 
My husband and I decided to get something a little bigger than the 2 door Cobalt that I had, since we travel a good bit. We decided on the Equinox and absoulty love it. We did not need anything extremely big since it is just the two of us, but the room it has is great. This is my first SUV and I will never be able to drive a car again, it drives like a car but is so much higher off the ground. So easy to get in and out.
So far, I love my Equinox! It's sporty and fun to drive. I can take the grandkids and all their stuff to their sporting events and yet I am comfortable driving it to a high profile meeting.
Searched Through all the SUV crossover choices. It came down between The Toyota RAV4, Pontiac Torrent, the Honda CR-V and Chevrolet Equinox won! Why? Best warranty, best ride, more power and all that with the best price!
This was the last of the new cars I looked at in the price range I could afford and still be sporty looking. Very impressed with power. Reminded me of the surge in power of the 'muscle cars' from the '60's. I got the awd sport w/6spd trans. I'm reliving my youth. 
Only 1000 miles so far, Satisfied to date. After I bought it, I see more Nox on the road than I've saw before. A little thorn is with a vehicle of this size you would think that it would have better mpg as I do 60% hwy. Disappointed with the decrease in the driving range when the car idles. I hope this improves as it gets broken in. Maybe I'll have to shut the engine off at stop lights, kind of what they do in Europe.
This is my first SUV. Coming from a Mustang GT boss to this is a like a different world It is very easy to drive and doesn't even feel like your driving a small SUV. Overall it is a decent ride for the price.
Bought the Equinox Sport just over a week ago and like it more and more. We traded an older Acura MDX for something that still had AWD, good power, and better fuel economy. All in all so far, the suspension on the AWD Sport is stiff, yet easily steerable, the motor has plenty of power for the average "Race-ready" father, and lots of interior room. I think the inside could be more refined, but we are used to forein cars. The console and sun visor's seems chincy, nice leather, ample leg room, like the gauges,and decent mpg if driven normally. We do 60 miles a day on the highway, and the mpg is averaging 22 right now. This is not a Lexus or Acura, but Chevy has done well and added options.
Bought our new sport last week. This vehicle is a runner! And looks good doing it. Sounds good, too. Handling is great. Interior could be a little more plush, but is adequate. Fuel mileage is just average. Overall a great car. I'm glad we bought it.
We just bought our Equinox a day before going on vacation. We put over 3000 miles in 12 days. Drove from Houston Tx to Michigan then to Niagra Falls and then down thru Penn, Tenn, Vir, W. Vir, Miss, Al, LA and back to Texas. MPG was great! Averaged at 26mpg. Ride was not a Cadillac but comfortable. All in all this is a great SUV.
I test drove the 2007 Equinox and was not very impressed with the preformance - but then I was shown the 2008 Sport version, OMG the new version of this SUV is amazing, the Power and look of the car is all new. Very impressed with the 0-100kph 6.4 seconds. 
Gets attention from the public. Good performance. Wheels compliment car. Only driven a few days. easy to get in and out of.
My HHR has had wind noise and water leak issues from the first month I have had it. Who wants to pay thousands of dollars over many years for a new car that has been a lemon from the start. It is now leaking for the fourth time and really (?!), wouldn't you think that Chevy would step up and not make me fight for what is right? But they are not! I am going to have to contact a lawyer! That's not customer service!
drives excellent,tires keep going low,nice quiet smooth ride...easy handling..nice stock stereo,cmfo seats,adjustable armrest.
I bought my HHR with 34000 miles on it the only problem i have had is the a/c it makes a funny noise when on but other than that it is great.
Just purchased used hhr as second vehicle for the family. So far we are enjoying it. Have spent some money on performance upgrades and a set of wheels (had to get rid of those ugly hub caps) now my son doesn't call it lame looking any more. Could use some help in the interior though. Needs the center arm rests located a little higher so you can place a cup in the holder without having to raise the arm rest and it would also make it a little more comfortable. Please keep up the good work in the design of cool looking little economy cars. Not those lame looking hybribs (prius) that the competition makes.
My 2008 HHR LS is an eye catcher in "orange". Black interior is neat, stays clean looking longer than lighter colors. All controls super easy to use, air, radio, windows, etc.. Fuel economy not as good as advertised but okay. The 2.2 engine is fine around the city but you have to stomp the gas pedal when pulling on to the highway, that is a disappointment, would have liked the larger engine, we learn from our mistakes. Large, easy open tailgate, storage area a big plus, so easy to load and unload. Cabin is pretty quiet, as is the engine..so far...we live in hope. All in all, I do like the vehicle, would recommend for the price, but go to GOOD dealer, don't get ripped off as I did!
For me, this was a great buy. Sure, I could have bought a much better car, but not at anywhere near this price (2008 used , 11k miles, under $12g). I have a bad lower back but I can adjust the driver's seat so that I'm comfortable for hours. Mileage is good. Gauge placement is excellent (in my previous sedan, no matter how I adjusted the steering wheel, I couldn't see the speedometer). MP3 connection is a lifesaver on long trips. Visibility could be better. Only 3 cup holders, but I have 5 kids ? I can't encourage drinking in the car. I also can't encourage them leaving their belongings, so I enjoy the absence of a storage console. And when I'm alone, I can enjoy a quiet ride.
The HHR gets great mileage on long trips about 33mpg, however mine is a manual transmission. The interior needs more cup holders there are only three right down the center console. So with that said there are two in the front and only one in the back for rear passengers. This is a very fun car to drive and is very soild like a truck but rides like a car.
A BASIC hhr with a 5spd and a2.2, no traction control, no abs just a plain maroon colored 4door fun car that runs on reg. Gas and gives me a true 30 mpg in the city. Replaced oil with full synthetic and a k&n air filter. Bought it new right off the truck, has 16,000 miles and one visit to the dealer. The hhr has done exactly what I want. It handles great at 75 mph with no wavering behind the big rigs. The steering is sharp and precise however the torque steer is a brute. Behind the driver the available space is amazing. The build quality is on the hi side of good and the paint job was excellent. Overall I'm pleased and oh yes I drive it hard and fast no slakkin in the sun. Gas, clutch, gone.
 A head turner you'd think I have the only black panel hhr in NE ohio. I put custom black wheels on it and that is it. Everyone has something positive to say about it everywhere I happen to park. A friend at work bought one a week after seeing mine. Nuff said there, contagious I say! I have to admit I first only bought because I nailed the price. The dealership didn't even fill my tank! I stole it and really didn't care that the only gas left was what I had put in it for my test drive. I don't use cheap gas anyway in my cars (there is a difference in performance), I don't care what you drive. So the HHR has won me over and the vehicle is perfect for my horse duties, the truck stays put.
The HHR looks sharp on the outside. Nice curves, cool retro looks, good paint. However, the inside looks like something out of a 1980's era car. Cheap foam plastic that scratches easily covers every inch of the cabin. The standard stereo puts the speakers on the floor, so it sounds muddy. Windshield is very small, so your field of view is a bit limited. The sunroof works well and the controls for it are well placed. There's also a handy in-dash storage space that holds an IPod, GPS, sunglasses, etc. There are three poorly places cup holders (which makes a trip in a car build for 4 interesting), back seat is very cramped.
I have enjoyed the ride but there is a bit of a blind spot at the edge of the windshield and the side window. Take an extra second to watch for pedestrians. I also see they overestimated gas mileage efficency. I'm about 20 mpg not at all near the 30/24 on the window sticker. I drive mostly in the city so I know that doesn't help. The car size is great for the city but I chose stylish over hybrid because the mileage estimates were the same. I would have stayed with the hybriyd choice had I known the mileage was going to be so far off. It does always get a "wow" and I never had a car before that did. The double looks it gets have been fun to see.
The HHR has been a huge surprise. I paid 14k for a new 2008 ls. It is far suprior to other cars in its class when it comes to usablility and comfort. The most impressive part of this vehicle is how smooth and comfortable the ride is. I travel about 30k a year so I needed a vehicle that would get great gas mileage (i avg 33 on highway) and was comfortable enought to drive for 5 - 6 hours in. On top of that the storage area is awesome. Lots of space in the rear witha great changing configuration. 
I was able to trade in a 08 Scion XB after seeing an 08 orange HHR panel wagon. The drive was smooth. Wish I had purchased it in the first place. The Scion was very limited in color selection, had lower MPG, tough to see stop lights, only one back up light, even with a pioneer stereo the sound was not as good as the HHR's. Buying American was nice. I just love the HHR!
I have had nothing but sheer enjoyment from this car since I purchased it. The engine is very well powered for a 4-cylinder, road noise is much quieter than a lot of other models, and MPGs are good considering the amount of storage space and the fact you can easily fit 4 large adults in the car. I read there used to be an issue with stone chipping on previous models, however 2008 comes with a thick protective film on the surfaces at risk from stones and that film seems to work great. Even the film doesn't show signs of impact. Only issue has been my auto light sensor failing. Sometimes it won't allow parking and interior lights to come on with headlights. Manual override doesn't work.
6 months 8000 miles. Needed 2 trips to dealer to fix warped brake rotors and drums, broken rear hatch latch replaced. paid $19K for a leftovr 07, listed for $23K. The car delivers decent comfort & performance for price. It feels reliable, motor and trans. are okay. You will not feel or hear motor inside car, vibrates less then Japanese cars. Fuel economy is not up to par, I am averaging 17 MPG with mostly city driving. I use it for deliveries, hauling family stuff etc. Nice fold downs & roomy. Rattle free, I like the interior very much, simple, elegant nice fit finish. I am happy, although car is far from perfect, see suggested improvements below.
My 08 LS Auto is fabulous. 2.2 motor 149hp is more than adequate despite the heavy vehicle. Ride is soft as expected and comfortable. We use this as a family hauler with two kids 3 and 4. They can actually get in all by themselves unlike the large SUV guzzlers out there. This is an inexpensive, economy vehicle with some flair and modern features. The info panel is fantastic and interior versatility is top notch. GM is offering the goods to the lower price buyers for a change, not just the monster SUV crowd. Interior quality is better than expected for price and segment. I think it looks more premium than the msrp commanded. Replacement parts are inexpensive too (brakes, rotors,etc)
We've had our HHR now one month, and we like it so far. Roomy for the kids, and I like not having to bend over when putting my 2 yr old in his car seat. Ive been slowly getting used to the design of the windshield (kinda small) and I keep forgetting where my window controls are, and Im a little surprised at the lack of console storage... there is none! There's the small storage bin in the dash, but I dont have anywhere to put CD's, kleenex, and other "junk"...maybe that's a good thing as my husband would prob say. Okay mpg, but not where we want it yet. We plan to change to synthetic oil and a K&N Air filter when the oil needs changed. All in all, we love the car so far. Very sporty!
This is a great car with lots of uses. I bought mine back in November and I love it. It gets decent fuel economy, and the driver information center is great for knowing whats going on with the rest of the car. I actually was able to fold the front passenger seat all the way down put a lap top on top of it plug the lap top into the i pod jack and watch movies it was like having a mobile theater! As far as the tan interior goes I would recommend putting a little scotch guard down to help with mess prevention. All in all a great car, you will not be disapointed! 
Worst mistake I ever made in purchasing a car. It's a really nice car to look at but, that's it. The all plastic interior just reaks of cheap. The front windshield has you leaning up into the steering wheel to see when the red light changes. No console and thus no decent storage space. The little thing they put on the dash is very lacking. The seats are uncomfortable. The space between you and the passenger is almost non existant. Really cramped feeling. No console between seats and the cup holders are the worst I have ever seen in any vehicle. The arm rest sit too low to be of any use. Window control location is very poor. Rear seat room is very poor. 
I also own an 05 HHR, and they are similar. Opt for the ABS and side airbags. OnStar is super, worth the money. This car doesn't do anything super, but it doesn't do anything really bad either, and I paid $15,200 for my 08 with the automatic transmission and one year of on-star. Pinebelt "etched" my windows for $299 and said it was "standard procedure" although I didn't really want it. It was a pure money maker for them, but the deal was still sweet. If you want a reliable, good looking economy car, this is an excellent choice, and I would buy another one when in the market. 
Coming from F250 4dr diesel, I cried. Owned 3 wks now, avg 800mi/wk. Still miss truck! Likes; 27mpg avg, rides tall/nice, XM radio, AC can cool 3bdrm house, remote start, chrome pkg, good space for its size, mid-life-criss-red, cool looks. Dislikes; 2.2L slow (b careful pulling into traffic), tan interior dirties easily, drop on-star(?), 6' tall-rt leg cramps-seat won't go back far enough, MGP counter .2 to 1mi/gal optimistic vs actual calc. Totally useless; armrests block rr cupholder, at nite-interior lights in rearview mirror useless & sunvisor completly useless when pulled toward the dr side window! Needs sm diesel opt. After 17.5mpg in that big F250 want only diesel engines-(pwr + mpg!)
Got the car a few days ago, and am enjoying the ride so far. Ratings are relative to the price and segment. For the price, we couldh't have gotten a better car. My wife and I didn't want to get another HoHum sedan (at least not until we are pushing 60), and we also wanted a car that seated 4 comfortably, with a smooth ride. HHR fit the bill. Car handles better than what I read about it. Not perfect, but handles well. I am very happy with this purchase. 
I think you either love or hate the design of this car. I love it. Funky, weird, retro. I thought it was unique until I bought one, now I see them everywhere! Economical and seemingly well built. Bought the car and put 3K miles on it in two weeks! Took it from GA to FL on a roadtrip. Fun, comfortable, great gas mileage. I was impressed with the AC too I havent had it long, but I did a lot of homework and it seems like a very good car compared to its peers, for features and functions. I am glad to be able to buy an American car again.
14 months 18000 Miles. LT2 w/2.4L engine. Most fun I've had in 35 years. Demoed the 2.2 bought the 2.4 engine. Stronger engine, fatter tires, tighter suspension made it a completely different vehicle. It loves to be driven. Average economy about 27, trips yield 35. Hard plastic door panels make it easy to knock WI snow off shoes. Installed new "studless snow tires" all around and winter traction and handling were nearly as good as summer time. I'm 6'2" and I can't sit in ANY car with a sunroof.
Great vehicle for a small family. We traded in a grocery-getter mini van for the HHR, and haven't looked back for a second. Stylish and fun to drive, with quite a few modern options, plus plenty of room. I like the mix of classic chevy style combined with modern technology. Very smooth, solid ride. No problems to mention except an issue with the driver's power lock and the brakes are noisy. As far as day to day use and performance, this vehicle is a big success. The back seats lay flat in about 3 seconds and you can haul a ton of stuff as a result. We tackled a yard sale a couple weeks back and had no issues cramming this car of stuff we needed to sell. Kids love it.
Love the darn thing so far. Have had no problems and get great mileage in and out of town. Bought it used and would buy another. Kept the suburban for the heavy hauling. We call it our little burb.
I bought an HHR because I need a practical vehicle with good gas mileage. For those who like the '40s chopped top hot rod look, the HHR hits the mark and surely is set apart from its Asian counterparts. I see the hard surfaces in the interior as a virtue, since my kids always come back muddy from bicycle sports events and its durable as easy to clean for this purpose. I opted for the SS version that was engineered by GM Performance Division. It handles like a sports car and has the acceleration of a rocket. My experience with actual fuel mileage is about 27.5mpg for combined 70/30 hwy/city with the 2.0L Turbo. I'm very happy with my HHR SS and it fits my specific transportation needs well.
We have put 20k miles on this car and are 1 month shy of a year of ownership. We have had 0 problems everything works no repairs. It was bought for my wife but now that we have 3 car seats we had to get a Mini- van, so now the HHR is mine. The car is fun to drive and gets great gas mileage we are averaging 26 mpg after a winter of letting the car idle for 5+ minutes while it warmed and we loaded up the car seats.
Good Gas mileage and decent room. Quieter and more solid feeling than the Vibe. Merging onto the express way can be a challenge as the little motor tries as best it can.
I get 35mpg on the highway (manual trans) and about 24 in town. The styling is good and it is fun to drive for the money. I baby the vehicle and take extreme care of it, but question what I am up for long term regarding quality (based on experience so far). Month 1 headliner rattle getting worse fast, Month 2 Engine squeal needs repaired through service bulletin, Month 3 gold chevy emblem on back has water in it, Month 4 noticed knock in front suspension when cold, Month 5 brakes squeal at EVERY stop, Month 6 inside coat hook is stuck in up position, Month 7 Window grease in door is streaking driver window, Month 8 radio quits. Haven't had it 9 months yet. Wonder what is next??????
I wanted a car that had good gas mileage, was sporty-looking and had a lot of interior room. I have dogs and with the back seats folded down, there is plenty of room for dogs or cargo. The seats are very comfortable compared to some of the other smaller vehicles I have driven. The HHR is perfect for what I wanted in a car.
Our first new car was a great choice. Has been fun to own. Rides smooth and quiet. The blue splash is flashy. Sporty yet large enough for cargo. Maneuvers easy. We have 10,000. Miles on it and are very satisfied.
Our first new car was a great choice. Has been fun to own. Rides smooth and quiet. The blue splash is flashy. Sporty yet large enough for cargo. Maneuvers easy. We have 10,000. Miles on it and are very satisfied.
This is the first Chevy I ever bought new and I am quite happy with it. It is fun to drive, great looks and flexible. I got it with the running boards and roof rack it finishes of the car. The ride is much better then I anticipated. 
Actually fell for this car first time I saw it. Been waiting a few years for GM to work out the bugs in it. I love it, and is just fun to drive. Gas mileage great, and enjoy driving the 5-speed manual for a change. Love the retro body style!
Serves its purpose for my wife's business. Very good cargo room with the seats folded down. Decent interior room. We looked at everything in that class that was under 20 thousand and this seemed like the best. 
Since Purchase have put 8K on with no issues at all. 2LT Pkg great and radio with upgraded speakers is very good. Car comfortable but I will never get used to the window buttons in the middle console! 17 inch tires great on dry pavement/wet but snow is so-so. Well satistfied so far!
My wife and I have made 2 trips from Phx. Az to Bogalusa, Louisiana (1551 miles) this year and have averaged over 37 miles per gallon. Our gas only cost us $60 each way. Not bad at all. It is very comfortable on a long trip and has plenty of space for luggage and our dog. On the long stretches I put it on cruise control and she just hummed up and down hills. We love this car.
When my wife & I were looking for a commuter car, we started at Honda (you want how much!?), went to Toyota, Hyundai, Mazda, & Nissan (almost went with the Rogue); our last stop was at the good old Chevy dealer as an almost patriotic afterthought but we were pleasantly surprised by the value of this car, gets acceptable mileage, lots of stock doodads, power is adequate (but surprising for a 4 banger). With the rear seats folded it holds lots. It can even be used as the family of 4 car (or short time replacement when the sport ute or mini van is being serviced). Yep, we think it was a great buy and would recommend. (Just wish we went with the LT for the better seats & don't get the sunroof). 
I was drawn to the HHR by its combination small-ish size but generous cargo space. I read the reviews, pro and con, and took a test drive. Initially, I wasn't hooked. The test drive was in a loaded LT, which made the car too costly and too gadget-laden to make me leery of potentially costly repairs. My interest in the car held, however, and a year later I test drove an LS with essentially just ABS and side airbags as options (std on the '09s). I liked it. Bought it. Have been driving it for 6 months and still am happy. Very comfortable. Handles well. Lots of fun to drive. Took about a week to adjust to the short windshield and "blind" spots, but no big deal.
I still really enjoy this car after driving it for about 6 months. I've had no problems at all and have noticed quite a few more on the roads lately. The gas mileage isn't quite what I was hoping for - only about 22 mpg, doing almost all city driving - but I can still go 2-3 weeks between fill-ups. I'm still very happy with the LS model, it may not be as fast or as stylish as the LT or SS models, but for just driving back and forth to work and around town it works perfectly.
I have almost 3000 miles on the SS. Gas mileage is better than expected so far. I commute 50 miles round trip, mostly the Katy Freeway in Houston. The last four tanks averaged 26.5 mpg (actual calculated miles divided by gallons purchased, not the car's computer mpg display.) My previous vehicle was a 2000 Tahoe, a great truck with no problems. The handling and acceleration of the SS is great. I don't have the brake issues other posters have noted. I plan to put a lot of miles on the car.
This car has been a pleasant surprise so far. It is much quieter than the Acura RSX that I replaced after the Acura had multiple trans problems and the warranty was over. Honda lost me on that car. The Chevy gets great gas mileage, etc. It is hard sometimes to see out of so I have to be sure, the power window switches are placed out of reach, but no car is perfect. My black lab is in heaven with her head hanging out the right rear window. The stereo is A-OK. Mine is a stick shift because I am a stick shift guy and I am happy with the performance of the trans. The car is quiet, rattle free, compact, good mileage, stylish, and my dog loves it. I'd buy a another one in a heart beat.
I was looking for a retro style car, was looking at PT Cruisers, when I stopped in to the local Chevy store. I didn't know they were making the SS verison. Drove both and for the extra bucks the turbo is well worth the extra. It's a fun car to drive with the 5 speed. Under hard acceleration have a good grip on the steering wheel, there is a lot of torque steer. I guess they have relocated the window switches because mine are on the door and the cup holders aren't covered by an arm rest. My only complaint is my right leg rests against the center console and is uncomfortable other than that I really like the car.
I wanted to trade in my Explorer Limited to save on gas and to do that was tough because I loved that truck. I tested the Equinox (didn't like gas mileage)for the heck of it look at the HHR and I have never looked back. This car has lots of room to carry stuff and the gas mileage is the best I've ever had in the 30 years I've been driving cars. The only thing I disliked on this car is the window controls but that's been changed for the '09 model I think.
I purchased this vehicle in May mainly due to (1) an immediate need for a vehicle, (2) a desire to get better gas mileage and (3) a very good Memorial Day weekend sale. I have been pleasantly surprised by the vehicle. It is fun to drive and has more pep than I expected. 
I just purchased this car, pretty happy with it so far. In my opinion its a nice car for the money and gets very good gas mileage. Nice and roomy for small family of 4. I disliked it at first thinking it was going to be like a PT Cruiser and I was wrong and sold when I test drove it. It was exactly what I was looking for. So I suggest if you're thinking about looking for a roomy family vehicle that you can haul stuff if you want then this is the perfect car for you.
Wow! I bought my HHR almost 1 year ago and I still love it. It is the first vehicle I have owned that did not have new car bugs or problems. I have not had to take it back to the dealer even once since I bought it. I bought the Victory Red version, and the paint still glistens. The interior is holding up very well. The features are amazing for the price range. Gas mileage is excellent. Power to go is there. Handling is good except behind a 18 wheeler on the interstate then you get buffeted around a bit. I would (and have) recommend this vehicle to my friends. 
I've had my HHR for over a year and still love it like the day I bought it. It's reliable, great gas mileage, and it's fun to drive. I like the cargo net option and the fold down seats. I've packed a lot of my belongings with the back seats down. The optional ipod jack is great as well for long drives. 
I've had the HHR for 2 months now and like it so far. I was in the market for a car with good MPGs and had the versatility of an SUV. While it is not near the size of the Tahoe, it has similar functionality with the back seats and front passenger seat folded down. Ideal for trips to Home Depot and such. Averaging 26 to 28 MPGs with the auto trans, but will say I'm not a lead foot. I drive 28 miles to work with a fairly even mix of city and hwy driving. The driver's seat is surprisingly comfortable with the power lumbar. I haven't had a 4 cyl in 15 years, but it hasn't been a painful adjustment. Overall, I am very satisfied with the HHR. It meets my needs for good MPGs and versatility. 
I traded in an '06 HHR LT2 for this '08 SS and really am pleased with everything but the problem with the brakes! GM took a problematic brake system known as Optimized Hydraulic Braking or OHB for short! This system causes no boost to the brake system on initial start-up after sitting for a few hours! At the present GM has a couple of service bulletin's one of which calls for a software update that lowers engine RPM's to make it easier to stop (not pulling through brake application) before the vacuum is built back up, the other simply advises the tech "no part replacement or software updates". See NHTSA investigations and KickingTires 2008 Chevy HHR before purchasing. Also check Saturn Sky!
It has been a great car with a few minor problems. At 14,000 miles it would make a pop sound when speeding up and slowing down. Sounded like slack between two parts in the power train somewhere. Dealer could find no problem? Now with 20,000 on it the pop is louder. The front passenger hub assembly is being replaced. The steering has begun to clunk when turning the wheel and the intermediate steering shaft has been replaced. Sunroof glass is on order to be replaced. When opening the sunroof it drags the underside of the roof and makes cut marks in the glass. 
My HHR is an LS with manual transmission. It's comfortable, fun to drive, smooth ride, and with the manual transmission the acceleration is much better than the automatic. I test drove the automatic and thought it was sluggish. My manual is not sluggish. I'm surprised and impressed with the car. It's roomier than I thought it would be. I have a young family and a tight budget, the HHR is big enough for rear facing car seats and front passengers. It's a hard quality to find in affordable cars.
I love this car. It rides and drives great. It's fun, comfortable, smooth, and peppy. My mom has a Toyota Camry, and this little car rides just as good. Does good on gas, and is equipped the same as a luxury car. The back is great for hauling groceries, and the seats lay down for hauling larger items. I went from a full size SUV, and I have'nt missed a thing. The extended warranty GM offers is great. I hope to have this car for a long time. I am slowly adding new accessories to dress her up. This vehicle is like a little truck, SUV, and car all in one. Why would anyone want a regular vehicle when you can have one of these. Drive one, love it!
I purchased my 08 HHR over 2 months ago to take the gas pump burden off my wallet (HHR $55 evey 10 days vs $90 every 4-5 days with my Silverado). I now find myself driving this car all the time and my 07 Silverado may get driving only once or twice on the weekends. I drive 35+ miles to & from work during the week and when I can lock the cruise at 60 the car will get 35-37 MPG. I am a 6'5" tall lbig guy and I have no problems with leg & head room (no sunroof - have the issue seeing the stoplights when first in line. I get a lot of people askng about the car & the fuel MPG's, the GM Performamce Air Intake makes a huge difference. My neighbor loves my HHR and wants to trade in her PT Cruiser.
I have been driving Suburbans for 30 years and finally caved in to the current gas prices. I couldn't face going into a small car, and decided to test drive the HHR and found that I really liked it. The ride is comfortable, I sit a little higher than a car, and the 4cyl engine seems to have enough pickup as I drive on the expressway all the time. After 2 months of driving this vehicle I find it fun to drive and the gas mileage is great! The only undesirable is the loss of power when turning on the air conditioning.
I agree with most of the other reviews. It is fun to drive. Great on gas. And many features for the money.The remote start will be nice in the winter. I'm not an autoworker but I would like to see GM make the HHR at the Morine plant that's going to close next year. I think that would be a good move for GM and the people in Morine. 
It rides very smooth. I'm 6'6 and its the most spacious compact car I've ever owned. I own a computer repair business and I'm absolutely nuts about the shelf in the rear cargo area not to mention the 61 cubic feet of cargo room. I had one problem with a passengers side kick board that came loose sometime right around when I bought it. The dealership took care of it promptly.
My '08 panel HHR developed a water leak somewhere in the body of the vehicle. The dealer had it for a week and say they fixed the problem. That is yet to be determined. Problem was found when I took it for an oil change and discovered 3 lights out. I took it to the dealer and there was 2 inches of water in the rear floorboard from where the rain got in. The water shorted out the electrical system. My advise is to keep a close eye on your HHR particularly in the back seat area. If you detect an oder of mildew or notice any lights out, take it to the dealer at once. Other than this problem I love the vehicle
Was looking for a fun, practical vehicle to pick up after dumping a boring mini van. The HHR is awesome. Old School styling with soul, modern but comfortable interior. Right on the money for a small family. We took delivery of our hhr just a couple of hours before taking a beach trip. It was so cool loading up the vehicle with all of our stuff and seeing it actually fit. Perfect mix of people room vs. cargo room. Quiet, solid ride. Average about 27 miles right now. Tough but still low-pro design. Chevy knocked the cover off the ball with this one. 
First impression of the looks was that Chevy was just copying Chrysler, but after taking a test drive, I was hooked. I've had it now for 7 months and taken two long distant trips with it (avg 31 MPG AT aprox 75mph). It has a very quiet ride inside. I installed a hitch on mine for a utility trailer (which works great). The wife and I liked it so much I traded the wife's car for a second HHR in June 08! Now we both have one! I don't think anyone can go wrong buying one of these. Even with the entry level model, they pack a lot value and usability into this vehicle for the price range it is in. So go buy one, heck, buy two! You'll love it!
This is a great car, style, looks, fun. I am a senior who has owned many cars including a 54 Vette, SS396, Mercedes, etc. The HHR SS is a fun car with great mileage and the best thing- It's a Chevy. I am amazed at how well it handles, moves on cue and turns heads. Welcome back GM. Keep making cars like this. I would recommend this car to anyone. 
Only have about 2000 miles so far, but that includes a couple of nice road trips. The first trip was all 2- lane roads of wildly varying altitudes, and lots of corners. The car is very confidence inspiring, with excellent grip, and crisp steering response. I was a bit surprised at this, due to the electric power steering, but hey, it's just my opinion. Maybe the only handling negative is the amount of corner lean when pressing, but considering the car's mission in life, not at all surprising. Averaged about 24.5 mpg in fairly brisk driving. The second trip was 90% freeway, using cruise control.I averaged 28.5 mpg over two tanks with average speeds of 75 mph. 
This vehicle is the perfect combination of practicality and sporty fun! I've only had my new HHR (LT Special Edition) for a couple of days, so I'm not able to rate the reliability or fuel economy yet. So far, so good! I love the retro styling - very spunky! Even my style-conscious 20 year old daughter approves! My HHR is very quiet and has a smooth ride. I'm impressed with the roomy seating areas, as well as the cargo space! It's an added bonus that there are two height options for the cargo 'floor'. The seating is very comfortable; lots of headroom, even with the sunroof! Very enjoyable and fun to drive. I compared a lot of vehicles - the HHR gives the most for the money! 
I bought this because it looks good, got good gas mileage, had enough power, and still had some room for gear. The 2k rebate then sealed the deal. This is a nice car and I am glad I bought it! (But Chevy could have done a much better job with the poor front window vision, tiny glove box, few cup holders and better emergency brake placement 
This is the best vehicle I have ever owned and I have had all kinds. It beats the Honda and Toyota. I feel great about buying an American car. People need to look and drive the HHR and they will see how great they are. After having it a month I like even better now. What a great all round vehicle. Price, gas mileage, room, smooth ride, power, handling. You have it all here. Thanks Chevy.
Next to my Trams Am, this is the coolest car that I have ever purchased. It's by no means a race car, but it's exciting to drive. It handles well, looks good, and is just a fun automobile
We bought this for my wife's birthday. We looked at a Saturn Sky, but the HHR is more her style. This thing can run fast, corners like a sports car, rides well, has lots of nice amenities. Will do another review after 10,000 miles. We are getting an average 28.8 mpg with mixed driving. She loves it. So do I. Comfortable for four adults. Only downer so far is the cup holders are inconvenient. We have put about 580 miles on the car, it is so fun to drive it is hard to leave this car home.
Had three objectives in the purchase. 1) better gas mileage than my Escalade 2) Towable behind my motor home 3) Comfortable when hauling my grandchildren and cargo The HHR had it all and for a price I could not beat. The warranty will ensure good service on major items. Interior is adequate for me. Fun to drive and since I am not a NASCAR driver wannabe the negatives the professionals give it do not matter. It drives great! I feel safe and secure and the OnStar is a huge plus for my family. 
I needed a vehicle that was mainly a commuter car, but also had to have good utility for hauling my bikes on the weekends. Also, it had to be comfortable & roomy enough to take 2 adults and 2 large dogs on a cross-country roadtrip when needed. The HHR fit the bill perfectly. Tons of cargo room, especially with the seats folded flat. I love this car, & my wife does too. 
My Shadow Edition black-granite HHR reminds me so much of my dad's early 1950's Chevy truck. The HHR is a real nostalgia machine! Chevrolet has captured the 1950's feel with modern day convenience included. I love this vehicle more and more, and every time I get into it the great old memories come flooding back. 
Great car for the money. I took a 500 mile trip through the mountains and averaged 32 MPG on the interstate. I get about 25 MPG locally. It has a lot more interior room than appears from the outside and will actually seat four adults comfortably, although if you are going to carry four people on a regular basis the 2.4 engine or turbo would be a better choice. If I had to make the choice over again I would buy the same car.
If you're looking for a powerful, economical, and roomy vehicle, the Chevrolet HHR SS is for you! This vehicle has it all! 260 hp, Onstar, airbags everywhere, tinted windows, 18" alloy wheels, lots of cargo room, and head-turning good looks. It's faster than most SUV's and CUV's out there, has more cargo room than most, and gets between 23 and 26 mpg combined. OnStar, XM satellite radio, and hands-free calling are all standard. For a few extra bucks, you can add the OnStar navigation package. The only two gripes I have about the vehicle are no grab handles and the engine is a little on the noisy side. Overall, a total winner!
We bought an 08 Scion xB,but didn't care for only one arm rest, single back up light, poor color selection, cheap fabric and no floor mats. We were lucky enough to find an Orange HHR that had a quarter panel (not a full panel). Since we needed at least five seats, the full panel wagon was out of the question. something about the missing side rear windows that make this car very appealing. The quarter panel is a great place for self-expression. The placement of the window controls is a little weird and takes a while to get use to. For some reason I keep hitting my shins on the door when I get out. On the plus side, the OnStar is great, it's American, has lots of room, and it comes with mats.
After the purchase of my vehicle I begin to love it more than when I purchased it. The vehicle has looks, power, handles great and it is fun to drive. If Chevy continues to build this vehicle and make in a way that it is fun to drive we will add a second one to our household. And now the with the economy as it is and my vehicle is averaging about 31mpg on the highway and it did not cost a small fortune to own it, I am back home with American cars again. Go Chevy!
Well...I love driving when I can steal it from my hubby, but I've noticed some brake squeal and he drives it mostly on the interstate. He's not a brake man. I took Huh-Her as we call it to the shop (not dealer, I don't trust them-sorry) for an oil change today and asked if it could need brake pads. Their response? "Uh-Oh!" Not let's sell you some stuff...they explained they've had a slew of people with some serious issues, mainly rotors and encouraged me to return to my dreaded dealership to resolve the issue. The dealership denied it at 1st, but when I stated I would research and report; they gave me a card for the 1st time and stated they would "take care of it".
Fun car. Love the old school exterior. Great on gas. I'm an avid surfer and my 9,8" longboard fits in the car. Makes a forty year old family man feel like hes back in the neighborhood! For what I paid for it thers not a better car on the market.
I researched many new cars before deciding on the HHR. My wife and I test drove five cars (Dodge Avenger, Dodge Charger, Subaru Legacy, and a Chevy Malibu) and looked at four or five others. Although we almost bought the Malibu we both agreed the HHR would be more practical for us (we have three kids and the Malibu had a small trunk). I've only been driving it for a week, but so far I couldn't be happier. We bought the 2LT with every option. The standard equipment looked a bit unfinished. The leather interior really made the difference for me. It's strange but this is the first time I have liked a car more after I bought it than before. I don't know what else to say. It just fits.
We been driving this car for about a month and each day we love it more and more. Gets great gas milage, handles great, and when you need to move the turbo kicks in. Plenty of room inside for a small car. I'm 6 ft tall, 210lbs and there is plenty of knee and head room. We have two younger kids and they love it. 
Found that the car had more than enough power (2.4) for quick acceleration. Handling was good and the antilock brakes work great in all weather. Also found Panel easy to park in town
Just bought my HHR a couple days ago and so far I'm really enjoying it. I went with a pretty stripped-down model, but the difference in features wasn't worth the extra money. I would recommend the 5-speed over the automatic, the ride is a lot better and it's really a lot more fun. If you can afford a little more the SS model is awesome, but I didn't feel it was worth 8k more then the basic LS model that I purchased. It's a very smooth ride for a smaller car, handles nicely on the freeway and driving through town, plus they unique style gets a lot of looks and compliments.
I have only had this vehicle a couple days didn't like the look of it until I drove it and then actually changed my mind. The gas mileage seems like it will live up to its word which is excellent due to the ever rising prices. It seems to handle well. It's pretty sharp looking. I cant wait to take it on a road trip. The cargo area is spacious. Center console is really up on dash which is neat I guess it takes place of non existant middle console. To me it has the feel of an SUV which I like. I feel the value was great for the money.
I am used to driving big trucks, but in order to economize I was on a search for a smaller car that had personality. Was I in for a big surprise, the vehicle feels big inside with plenty of headroom and elbow room to spare (I'm 6'0' and about 200 LBS) interior has really good fit and finish although the materials can be a little better, it has plenty of storage space with many hidden compartments. Engine performance impressed me because it does not feel like the if the vehicle is coming apart on hard acceleration, handling and braking are both top notch and they work hand in hand with the engine power. I drove the 2.2L and 2.4L engine's but I will definetly suggest upgrading to the SS.
I can find absolutely nothing wrong with this car. I love where the window buttons are to let the windows up and down. I like the size, the chairarms position and movability. Only thing I got a crack in the windshield in Jan. '08 and haven't gotten it fixed yet. My husband called at that time they were not even in stock for the new HHR's. 
Mine is a 2008 shadow edition with the leather interior. Very comfortable. Only issue is that it is back in the shop for tire issues due to vibration after 105 miles. Both rear tires are to be replaced by the dealer. Otherwise, great car!
Its a great little wagon! Fun to drive, and I am getting 31 miles to the gallon. The only thing I wish was different is how wide the bracing for the windshild is . It makes you look twice to be sure nothing is coming, that may be a good thing 
We bought the SS HHR a few weeks ago and I have few complaints. The car looks and drives great - I especially like the turbo power for passing and climbing hills. The front bucket seats are made for small, slim people. I'm 5' 7" and if I was one inch taller, my head would touch the roof. The seat side bolsters bite into the side of my back - not too comfortable on long trips. After a 1,200 mile trip last weekend I got 25.2 mpg but the tailpipe got really carboned up and the oil got pretty dirty. Dealer says "it's normal" - which I doubt. Oil was somewhat overfilled from the factory and I'm hoping it just blew out, causing the tailpipe (somewhat oily) buildup - time will tell.
I purchased this car a month ago after researching the auto, it is well made and fun to drive. I have owned cars and still own multiple autos. This is fun to drive and a great car for the commute to work. I really like this auto, already placed 1300 miles on the auto.
I've had my HHR for only a week now but have logged about 300 miles. The 2.2 motor has enough power to get around and gets outstanding fuel econ. Im avgering 25 mpg in western PA! The price was right, I would recomend it to any family member, (this is coming from a Dodge man). Chevy has restored my confidence in GM vehicles.
I've had my HHR for about a month. I bought the 2LT model with the 2.4L engine. All I can say is the car is loads of fun to drive. I keep finding excuses to just get in the car and go somewhere. Performance-wise, the 2.4L engine is decent if a bit slow on initial acceleration. Handling is actually pretty good with the improved suspension that comes with the 2LT package. Brakes are a bit weak though. Interior room is great. I traded in an '03 Sonata and the HHR has a lot more room in the driver's seat and is much more comfortable to drive. Visibility can be a bit of an issue until you get used to its blind spots.
Have owned all sorts of cars and trucks, very easy to get comfortable. I drive a lot and I hate a vehicle that you constantly have to adjust the seat. With Gas over priced, I don't try to race light to light, I cruise a little slower than most and am got 31.5 mpg last tank (split city/hwy).
Have owned all sorts of cars and trucks, very easy to get comfortable. I drive a lot and I hate a vehicle that you constantly have to adjust the seat. With Gas over priced, I don't try to race light to light, I cruise a little slower than most and am got 31.5 mpg last tank (split city/hwy).
I bought this card to provide an ecomonical, comfortable, ride for my long trips. I visit customers throughout upstate New York and take weekly trips of 2 to 5 hours. I've had the car but a few days and it is living up to my expectations. It is economical to run and has a great ride! Comfortable on the highways, and a bit sporty on the back roads.
I just bought this car last week, SS models are hard to come by. I have to say I am glad I didn't get the 2lt, this thing blows away the other HHRs I test drove. I have the automatic so there's less HP but the design and features on this thing are second to none. No turbo lag and this thing hugs corners as well as my 2000 Trans AM WS6! Definitely a good family car with a very sporty edge! Two tone interior is nice. Extra options I bought: 7speaker pioneer system, sunroof, XM radio, and other cool stuff. Definitely get the SS!
I did a lot of research before I bought my HHR, but I was surprised at just how fun this car really is. There are a lot of extras and small touches that make the car something special. Of all the cars I've ever owned, this one makes the best impression. Contrary to some reviews I've read, the handling is fun. The ride is as smooth as glass, and the steering is very responsive. It's amazing how tight it turns in parking situations. I can make u-turns in very, very tight circles. The small windows and windshield give the car a fun attitude when you drive, too. The novelty of the doesn't get in the way, though. It's not over the top. It's just fun. My favorite car ever.
Bought it 30 days ago. Love it. Got a LT loaded, Leather seats and all. Big difference with a loaded HHR and a basic HHR. Cost was 18K. 
I would say I am generally happy with the car. The gas mileage is fine (mid 20's), the power is fine (the gear ratios need to be adjusted), the options are very good (I opted for all options) and the ergonomics is good. It is very weasy to get my daughter in and out of the center rear seat, the rear volume is better than I orig thought and the styling is unique.The two things I would change would be the location of the power window controls and the number of cup holders available. The only complaint is the the roof liner glue does not hold with sunroof models and the dealer does not have a clue as to how to fix the issue. I would recommend this car to a friend or family member.
I didn't set out to buy the HHR but when I saw everything it offered I'd be foolish not to! My Equinox lease was up and wanted better fuel economy and lower payments.I have been averaging 24 MPG. With gas at over 3.45/gal this is awesome. Purchase price was low -allowed me to buy it keeping payments in line with my lease. Rides smoother than the Equinox and cargo space is the same or even more.I really love the manueverability - it has a much bigger turning radius compared to the Equinox - I just zip in and out of places. I knew pick up would be slower but it makes me drive safer. It does get a lot of looks - either you love it or hate it. I like different anyway so it's right up my alley
I have only had this vehicle 1 week now and I must say I am now on the bandwagon. At over 6'2 lots of room to spare. I love my panel it gets looks from everywhere. There are only 2 bad flaws I have found. Because the front tires are so big they throw dirt and rocks..fix. Get running boards or tire guards. 2nd. Because of my height the window controls for both windows are in a bad spot if you need to roll down while in motion. They should be located in the door. It is flawless other than that. I love it.
The styling, accessories, feel, and comfort are great. I do agree that the braking and handling need some improvement. But all in all, I'm very happy that I bought this car. 
Purchased a 08 HHR SS and have been enjoying it. Even with the high performance turbo charged engine, I get decent gas mileage. Of course using the various readouts and the cruise control helps too. Of course there are some minor things that I don't like. But at least the window controls are back where they should be on the SS. Having to go through two tire changes when a flat occurs on one of the front tires will be a real big pain. But I have roadside service. I rented a HHR for a week a few months before. So I could see if I liked driving it. I did and waited for the SS model to come out. I got the victory red and have got several comments on the HHR. So far I like the HHR I have.
After reading all the brake problems, i hope this will not happen to the ss. I just bought a red ss and cannot tell you how pleased I am with it. With the 260 hp eco tech turbo engine, it is a little rocket. The ss specific interior is comfortable and well designed. The 5-speed shifts firm and quick. The exterior ss specific ground effects, 18 inch wheels with speed rated tires filled with nitrogen, paint finish and door gap fit is the best I've seen in a long time. Oh yes, the smaller steering wheel and quicker steering make this thing loads of fun to drive. It is quick. It also has larger 4-wheel disc brakes that stop great. so far happy as a clam with it.
It's an awesome little car. Very fast, great handling, steering very quick and predictable. Tires are good in all weather. I drive it hard and am getting 23.5mpg. But I think 1st gear is a bit low, lots of torque steer at full throttle. It is a handfull if driven very hard. Using the launch control and all I get is wheel spin.
Purchased my Chevy HHR in October 07 and I'm totally pleased with this car. Went from a Subaru with a very choppy uncomfortable ride to my 08 Chevy HHR which rides smooth has great storage excellent control panel giving all the stats you would want/need. Example tire pressure, oil life, temp etc. Overall I feel this small SUV gives far more space then PT Cruiser with better styling and ride.
So far so good after two weeks of new-car ownership. I traded an 04 Chevy Astro Van with AWD for my HHR 2LT with the 2.4L 172HP Ecotec engine. Gas mileage is not as high as I was expecting, so I am trying to modify my driving habits a bit and see if that makes a difference. Right now I average about 24mpg between in-town and highway miles. The larger engine gives adequate pick-up at on-ramps onto the highways, and I have found myself going 85mph without trying! Quiet and very smooth ride for a small car. 
Just turned in my 2007 Impala SS. It was a fantastic car. Took on a few cross country long trips and clocked 27mpg on the hwy. The car always performed perfectly and had real power when I needed it. My new 2008 from the dealer (demo with 6,000 mi.) is similar to the old one. Not much change, and the 2010 are virtually the same so..... I went for the deal. I will continue to buy this venue of car (American all the way) before spending thousands more on a foreign hottie which really can't compare to the American Impala SS. The price is right and the feel is right, both in the car itself and the American pride.... "step on it !!!!"
I bought my 08 Impala Lt 3.5 V6 used with nearly 26,000 miles on it. It was in pristine shape. It runs good ONLY execpt for my excessive tire alignment problems that the factory warranty wont cover. Yea the bumper to bumper the covers "almost" everything. Other than those minor problems and the lagging power of the V6 i think it was a great buy.
Bought with 34,000 miles on the clock. Immediately set off on a 5744 mile round trip to east coast from WA State. Amazed at 32.3 average mpg received with cruise set at 70 mph where possible. Several tanks at 34+. Some heavy head winds in SD and MT on return reduced economy. The suspension is too soft for my taste with excessive body roll on cornering at higher speeds, though ride was very comfortable. As others have stated the side mirrors are on the small side for total safety. Power is more than adequate with the 3.5 liter V-6. Fit and finish both inside and out is very good. Trunk carried dog crate, cooler and all our bags with room to spare. I am very satisfied with this car.
replaced 2000 Jaguar S Type 3.0. Needed more leg room and a larger trunk. Miss my memory seat & steering. The build quality is as good as any import I have owned ( Jaguar, Volvo, Infinity etc.)
I bought this car for work. The Trunk is great, I have to carry a lot of equipment and it is nice. I have the SS which has the V8. On the highway it get 25-26 avg MPG. It switches from 4 cylinder to 8 cylinder smoothly, which a was concerned about before I bought the car. The Ltz owner I read the review must not drive but to his mailbox and back to get 17 avg. My 2004 GMC has better avg MPG than that (in the summer).
I traded in a Mariner that was having drivetrain problems. My car was a leftover (at the end of 08). I drove it and fell in love. The front seats are spacious and very comfortable. The car has the gusto to pull past just about any other car I need to, within reason. I do wish that I had the 3.9L engine as I have added a hitch and the 3.5 seems a bit underpowered on uphill stretches having to rev around 2500 RPMs to maintain speed. My only two complaints are the cup holders. I can't fit a large cup from anywhere in with any other cup. Smaller cups and bottles fit fine, but on long road trips, who wants a small? Also, I have been in the shop for brake pulsations twice in < 1 year.
i have a ltz chevy impala, very nice car, I think the trunk is too large making this car extra large. The MPG is very low I just can reach 17 mpg, even in highway, making the company statement a big fat lie. I had try it everything to increase the mpg but still making the same, other than that i thing it is a nice car to have it. Thanks
I just purchased a 2008 Impala LT with 33,000 miles on it and it's one of the best cars I ever owned. The car runs great. I needed a dependable roomy car for my daily 75 mile round trip to work and after doing a lot of research focused on the Impala. After finding a great deal I jumped on it. It's a great value compared to other cars in it's class. I would by another one without hesitation. Every time I drive it confirms that I made an excellent choice. The performance could be a little better when accelerating from a complete stop and the side view mirrors could have been a little bigger but over all I am thrilled with my purchase. I would recommend the car highly.
Originally I set out to buy an loaded LTZ with a bench seat, BOSE sound system and sunroof in mocha brown. But after taking the SS model for a spin, just to see what it could do, I was sold. Before purchasing this car I did test drive other sport sedans, all of them costing much more $$, and nothing was funner to drive than the Impala SS! The Jewel (dark cherry) monochromatic, red compliments the car and is worth the extra cost. I added low profile tires & wheels and tinted the windows all around. It's a good looking car and inexpensive to decorate.
We turned in a Cadillac DTS and got the Impala. It has as large a trunk as the caddy and the rear seats fold as well. The seats could be improved and the a/c controls are silly but the ride and comfort approach the best. Looked at all the rivals and this was the beat for the money. Have had GM products for thirty years and the reliability has been tremendous. For the money this is the best buy.
The 08 impala lt drives great. I stepped down owning a Mercedes-Benz C-class for 8 years. The Impala is very quiet, smooth shifting and I like the styling and space. Mileage is excellent and it uses regular gas. I am used to that other motorists look at you while driving a Mercedes-Benz, same thing happens with the new Impala. Love that car.
I am so glad we to Chevy to try out an Impala. We'd been test-driving Toyota Camrys and Nissan Altimas. But we finally went to Chevy, and we really liked the Impala. So we bought the Chevy Impala, and for less than a base Camry! Now I realize how flimsy the Camry and Altima were. The quality of the Chevy Impala is far superior. And with the 3.5L V6 we've attained 26 MPG in the city and 33 on the highway, far better than the window sticker said. I'm glad I didn't fall for the Japanese foriegn car hype. If you don't believe it, go test drive an Impala and compare. There are plenty of old Chevy's and Fords driving around, and they are easier and cheaper to fix. Most cars last with care.
I can't say enough about this car. I factory ordered the LTZ model black on black with cloth seating (as I don't like leather) and the metallic trim on the inside instead of the base woodgrain trim. This car is my dream! 18" Wheels that stand out and look like I went out and custom bought them. Two large exhaust tubes sporting stainless steel tips. I tried to create a great sports car with this vehicle and I succeded by putting two thick stripes running from to back as well as chroming out the front and rear chevrolet logo (over the default gold. A sound system is my only future plan for this vehicle as it turns heads no matter where it goes. I just want to drive it!
I've heard from so many people that American made automobile is not good as Japaness made. That might be true. It may sound strange. My teenage daughter wanted to buy this Impala SS, not Japaness or other imports. She said "I love Chevy". Driven about 7000 miles so far, and there was no problem at all. Excellent performance(like my Trailblazer SS). Great gas mileage for V8 engine(over 21 mpg with mixed driving). Very comfy and smooth ride. This Impala's interior may lack refinement than some foreign car's. But can they bring a car with roaring V8 under $30,000? 
This is my 4th Impala. This car is the best so far. It has less road noise, and better exterior looks. You get a lot of bang for the bucks. I just wish they would hold a little more resale value.
After the HHR, this thing is like 100 times better. It rides smooth as silk. The shifting is really smooth. It has a really nice pickup and just plain comfortable to drive around in. One of the best cars I have had.
I have been driving GM cars for 50 years and they have been good except for this model. Very uncomfortable bumpy riding auto. I have rode in a 2008 Buick which looks about the same on the out side but rides good...I travel for a living and not looking forward to driving this year. Hoping I can pay to upgrade the quality of the vehicle to make it comfortable. 
Having recently leased a Cadillac CTS, I expected a Chevy to be far inferior. I have driven the Impala only about 500 miles, but the verdict so far is quite positive. This is a very comfortable ride, with most of the same upgrades I enjoyed on the CTS (dual climate control, heated seats, OnStar, XM radio, traction control, Stabilitrak, ABS, etc. etc.) for less money. As to reliability, I hope that is the case (three separate warranty repairs for the CTS) and have my fingers crossed. So far, so good.
This is a good, basic car that I now regret purchasing. Be aware that even the upgraded "LT" does not include ABS brakes. I didn't even think about this until I got it home. It simply did not occur to me that in 2008 a large family sedan would ship without basic safety features. GM should be ashamed of themselves for this kind of reckless penny pinching. Additional penny- pinching becomes more evident as you drive the car more. Features that most people consider standard in every car, such as a folding back seat, are optional in the Impala. If purchasing, make sure you verify what is included, down to the most basic safety and convenience features that you probably take for granted.
See alot of happy SS buyers here. Must be a different car. Had a 2002 Impala, wish we had it back. Car has been in the shop 2 times since bought. Going on second week. SUBSTANDARD BRAKES that are very front heavy! DEALER CUT BRAKE ROTORS TO FIX> 200 MILES ON CAR! Open rear windows if test driving and u will find heavy earsplitting wind noise. GAS ECONOMY MUCH LOWER than listed. XM SATELITE is not FREE, PRICE IS IN STICKER! Motor runs rough and motor peripherals whine upon starting when cold. Rear leg room very limited! SHOCKS substandard, feel like used making for bad turning. Phantom clunk in front end. GM says nothing in writing, stuck with car. Get it in writing!
Purchased this car for business use, and will drive 45,000 miles in 2008. Excellent seat and ride comfort for extended highway use. Great value for less than $25,000. Leather, heated, power seats; strong V-6; remote start; tire pressure monitoring at all four corners; XM radio; five-star crash rating. Better seats and ride than my previous Honda Odyssey. Likely 27-29 mpg as along-term average. 
Have gone on 2 trips since buying in late Dec. 2007. The longest was 1500 mile roundtrip from LR, Arkansas to Panama City,Fl. Gas mileage is right on the money to what the window sticker said. My only gripe is on the return trip, the CD player croaked after playing about 50 CD's. And the service adviser said they often have problems with "burned" cd's vs bought cd's. The "burned" cd's can cause them to hang up and not eject. One woulda thunk in this day and technology age that "burned" cd's would not be a problem. So in the big scheme of things this is only minor as it is covered by the bumper to bumper warranty and a new unit is on order.
Was looking for a car with decent fuel economy, cost, features, and size. Cross-shopped Camry, Accord, Sonata, and many others initially. Some have criticized OnStar but I'm not sure why. It's free for a year and then you don't have to pay a penny if you don't like it. It offers great hands free calling, emergency features, diagnostics, and lock out service. Have used all but emergency many times. The ride is quiet and comfortable and I notice little wind noise. Many features from heated seats to dual-zone cc were standard. For the price I paid, I would have ended up with a 4 cylinder import comparably equipped. Domestic quality is way up lately and deserves a look.
The Impala is a very good value because it includes features of cars costing a lot more money. The features include: power heated leather seats, steering wheel mounted audio controls, XM Radio, On-Star directions, tire pressure monitor and Dual-Zone climate controls. It has a comfortable ride, handles well and gets excellent gas mileage for a car of its size and weight. The 3.5L motor has enough horsepower and runs on regular gas. It has a very well designed interior with comfortable seats and nicely designed controls. The braking performance is good. Prior to buying my Impala, I have rented both the 3.9L LTZ and 3.5L LT models. I choose the 3.5L engine because of fuel economy.
I have had a GM car or truck since 1975. My friends point out to me that when you go back you can't complain. But, this car is a new low. After 300 (yes 300) miles the car basically is inoperable. The gauges don't work (except check engine light), no A/C, the message display says "engine hot" yet no heat. Also, there is a vibration in front end. So much for the good new car feeling. After having my car 1 day, the dealer says the problems with "my" car are very interesting. They were unable to diagnose in 1 day. My feelings are that "GM's" problems are very interesting. Maybe I just got "that" car. But, this american will turn to more reliable imports for future purchases
Very comfortable car, love the OnStar and the hands free telephone. Handling seems to be good. Not real impressed with the 3500 V-6. Mileage is not what I was expecting, around 26. First heavy snow we had was 12 inch's, the car never missed a beat driving through it ! All in all I would buy another.
So far so good. Lots of features. Great driving experience. Safe and reliable. very stylish. great appeal with design. good performance. Nice brakes. Attractive wheels and excellent traction with Goodyear tires. Handles well in mountain driving as well as freeway. Probably the best car I've owned in 30 years. The SS Chevy is a great value and every one likes the car who see it when I'm parking the vehicle. Lots of extras for an American revolution! Go check the car out for yourself. The vehicle sells itself! Thanks General Motors I like the car! 
 I have had this car for only a month but I must say that GM is really getting their act together. One may comment that the interior materials are not up to par with some of the imports but I feel the black leather looks great on a black SS. I was considering Accords,Camry and Altimas but felt the rumble of V8 and neck snapping torque was up my ally. This car is a joy to drive on the highway and zipping in and out of traffic. The fit and finish is up to speed and the handling is fair.It is a heavy front wheel drive car with over 300hp. I have over 2500 miles in one month and am just under 20 mpg's with mixed driving.I am in sales and will do another review as the mileage piles on.
Every morning I go out to my car to begin the day's journey to work, a situation that will put a frown on most people's faces. But as I walk up I hit the remote starter and hear the deep throaty roar of the V8, and I can't help but think, this is what Chevy meant by "The Heartbeat of America!" Needless to say, Every morning I drive to work with a smile on my face. This car has amazing power and very crisp handling living up very well to the Super-Sport lineage. The exterior and interior are both clean and sporty, and look distinctive from anything else on the market. In short, on paper this car was exactly what I wanted, in practice, this car is exactly what I wanted!
This is my 3rd Impala and I really love what they have done with this one. The exterior is much sleeker and interior is more luxurious than before. The ride is about the same but the handling is a little better than my 03 was. I'm liking the OnStar so far and the XM is great...standard now on all models. Honda, Nissan, or Toyota do not offer any such thing for around $22,000 which is what I paid for my LS. It has enough goodies for me to enjoy and has turned a few heads some saying they can't believe it is a Chevy. I used to buy only foreign cars but that was when Gm had some catching up to do. Thanks GM for getting this one right!
Rented a brand-new Impala SS for a recent two-hundred mile trip. With a nice exterior styling and a roaring V8, this car could have been a huge hit for GM. However, it lacks the refinement, features and quality that are present in even entry-level import sedans. Despite its sport pretentions the car's steering and suspension are numbed with novacaine. Transmission lacks the auto-stick feature and is neither sporty nor refined. Wind noise is pronounced The interior lacks any character and feels generations behind both in quality and in content of my 06 Civic. The quality throughout is inconsistent. Overall, the car has a feel of being designed by the bean counters for the rental lots. 
SS model equals superb fun! Just got all black SS model with chrome 18 inch wheels and the car is a looker! Performance exceeds my expectations, while appearance blows the competition away! 
This car is pretty good: it handles well, is pretty good on gas and is quite comfortable. It?s one major drawback is what they perceive to be a marketing plus: OnStar. It is unreliable, an annoyance, and definitely not worth the money. With so many other equally acceptable alternatives out there (unfortunately for the domestic manufacturers, most of them are foreign made) it is a shame that we are effectively forced by GM to look elsewhere if we are to be able to get a car we really want. What really stinks is that most of the rental cars are not equipped with OnStar but the general public is not offered this same level of courtesy.
Overall, not too bad but not much of an improvement on previous version. They'd better look out because the new Ford Taurus has this one beat by a long shot. That'll be the second car for this family (bye-bye GM)
Had the car a couple of weeks and put 600 miles on it. It's a very comfortable car, even the 3.5 has more than adequate power, I've never felt like I had to have more. I've only used regular gas so far and gotten 28 MPG. Controls are all logical. I got the leather package and seats are comfortable but could use more side support. Great room up front, but lacking a bit in rear leg room for as big as the car is. My only beef is the paint finish - the hood has 2 big "blotches" - dealer noted it and offered to repaint under warranty, but something as bad as that should have never made it out of the factory.
I've owned over 30 vehicles, mostly GM some Ford, but compared to Cadillac this Impala is every bit as comfortable, quiet, quick, and nimble to boot. Cushy rides are important on long trips, especially if the highway isn't smooth and comfortable. This car handles predictably, and has good view all around. I had a 1984 Cadillac for 13 years and this cars ride and finish is every bit as good. The new radio is very intuitive and has excellent reception. XM AM and FM don't have to be preset separately, you can mix and match up to 36 (yes three dozen) radio combinations. Especially useful if you have favorites or favorite areas of the nation, and if you drive a lot.
When loaded with leather, heated seats, retractable sun roof and a fine sound system this vehicle is nearly as good as the Hyundai Acera. The car cruises on the highway extremely well. It does not have the pep I would like but it does the job especially when fueled with E-85. This flex fuel vehicle gets a big lift from the higher octaine gasoline that helps solve the sluggish pickup problem. I found the vehicle not as comfy as my Cadillac Deville but it was nearly as nice. The price of this vehicle is right. The 28k I saved made me feel a heck of alot better in giving up my Cadillac for the 31 mpg I now get on the freeway. Good value, good on gas and nice looking to boot.
.....and let loose the dogs of war. Purchased used, certified, 17k, still under warranty. Beautiful jewel tintcoat. Traded in my 06 Cobalt SS. Needed something a little roomier. I've never owned a 4 dr sedan, so was hesitant. Didn't want a dowdy land barge. Impala SS fits the bill. Dangerously fast and powerful. I'm lovin' it. Drive 200 miles round trip to work each week, and it's 50% city, 50% highway - 21.1 mpg.....not bad. But it's the Raw Power, it'll make you smile, and then some. Go test drive one, it's a life altering experience....go buy, now. You'll never look back.
My round trip daily commute to work is 120 miles. I have found the Impala to be stylish and comfortable and affordable. Would like better fuel economy. By changing brands of gasoline, I have increased gas mileage from 21 to 24/25 mpg hwy. I have owned 2 Monte Carlos, 2001 LS and 2006 LT and miss them both. 119,000 and 88,000 respectively. The Impala LTZ and SS are as close as you will come to the soon to be extinct Monte Carlos. The OnStar feature was a selling point for me and the Impala LTZ is priced right--good buy.
This is one great all around car. You can easily obtain 27 mpg on a highway trip, but combined your looking at 20- 21 mpg(still not bad for a v8). When I was purchasing this Impala I was also looking at the 08 Honda Accord 4 cyl. They were almost the same in price, but a huge decrease in Insurance on the Impala SS. I couldn't believe it. I have had no problems with this car. Chevy's are great quality cars. 
When I was at the dealership trading in my Dodge ram, I had in mind *I need something reliable* well having had my ram for only 7 months and having it in the shop 6 times had me kinda discouraged. Well I came across this impala, loved it at first sight. Unfortunately the only problem I have with the car is that every other impala seems to be the same shade of light Gray! Well that being said I love everything else! The 3.5 liter engine is powerful! And I've gotten 36 miles per gallon on the highway, and average 24.6 in the city, which isn't bad! The trunk is huge! The interior is nicely done and the seats are the most comfortable and supportive I've ever sat in and the ride is amazing! 
The impala has made driving fun for me again. It handles very well, quiet engine, plenty of power and it looks great inside and out. I'm also saving money on gas these days. I was able to buy my car with extremely low mileage at a great price. I looked around and for the money you can't beat what you get with the impala. 
This is my second Impala my other was the 2003 model, the 2008 is just as nice and seems quicker when you put the petal down, far better gauge display then the 2003.
 We are very pleased with our car. A little disappointed with sticker mileage compared to actual. All manufacturers seem to get away with that one? However very reliable car, runs smooth, LOT'S of power. Wanted the LTZ because of more HP. Salesman said I would be happy with LT, and saved a lot of money. He was right. The traction control is a must in the snow here in Canada. Never had a problem. 2nd winter with it and reg. all season tires! By the way we found that if you order a car with the features you want it can save you money on the sticker price. Can save another thousand if you order it, as the dealers automatically tack on a thousand to cover cost of the car sitting on the lot. 
Handles great, steering is snappy and sharp, (some say clunky, but for a spirited driver, its perfect). Combined with 4 doors and a large trunk, it's sporty and versatile. Opted for the silverstone metallic with black leather, sharp! Great stereo, firm but comfy seats with heaters. XM and OnStar are great. 303hp doesn't hurt either. Have scared a lot of tuners on the line when the 5.3L makes the tires scream (just remember to turn off the traction control). And it even runs on regular 87 octane! (Tell that to your Charger owners!)
I've read complaints about the poor vision in the rear view mirrors. On every car I own I buy the little round blind spo" mirrors at Walmart for about 2 bucks each, and put them on the outside corner of each mirror. I then have excellent side mirror vision. Another complaint I've read is about poor visibility through the rear window. Especially with a spoiler. C'mon... I can see everything I need to see through my rear window. (I have a spioler) I haven't had the car too long but I love it. Read the consumer reviews on the higher rated Honda Accord and Toyota Camery, and you'll find a much higher percent of complaints than that of Impala owners. Go figure...
Excellent car, all round driving fuel economy of 27 with 50% and town driving. Comfortable ride, solid feel on the highway. Would advise anyone to test drive if looking for an American car.
It was between the Impala and the Malibu. I picked the Impala because it was bigger and advertised mileage was almost as good. My driving is 90% highway and the best mileage I have gotten after 5000 miles is 24.5 but usually getting around 23, the dealer had the nerve to put a 30mpg sticker on the car. I miss my 2000 Monte Carlo SS that regularly got 27-30 mpg. Feature wise the car is good although they cheaped out on the radio - sounds terrible no matter how I adjust it and I miss the auto darkening rearview mirror on my Monte. The heat/ac controls are terrible, every time I put my hand near it they move - to small and soft to the touch. OnStar is hard to use and people can't hear me.
Bought vehicle 11/08. Was a rental car so a few nicks in the body but in great shape. Great car, good gas mileage. Averaged about 24 mpg on only long distance trip I have taken so far. Great comfort and XM radio is a great bargain. Haven't listened to AM-FM radio yet. Smooth ride. Heated seats are a big plus. Fantastic pick up and it turns a lot of heads with I drive in to the store or church. V8 sounds tough and kicks it when you step on the gas! Couldn't be happier with the purchase. Chevy hit a homer with this one.
Have considered this car to be one of the best purchases in the auto line that I have ever made.In varied driving, mostly town/local (two trips) I have been averaging close to 27 MPG. (Trips 31, daily 24), which I believe quite remarkable for this size of car. Have had no problems at all.
This is the second LTZ we've purchased and both have the same fuel mileage about 24 mpg highway not even close to the 28 mpg advertised and both cars have over 10,000 miles on them. the rest of the car is great, good design great stereo and it handles great. I wouldn't recommend this car with the 3.9L engine because of the poor mileage but would recommend the car with the 3.5L engine instead. 
I have owned Impalas for 10 years now and love them. I prefer a larger car with some room to move over compacts and this car delivers that. The car's interior is much more refined then my 2005 was. I think the luxury package, is a great addition and I really appreciate the upgraded interior. The extra engine power in the latest model is nice and the car never lacks pickup when it's needed. The car handles well in town and on the highway and delivers respectable mileage, especially considering the size of the car. I have had this car for 6 months and have not experienced any issues with quality or reliability; from my experience with Impala I wouldn't expect to.
Mine is a Gov't staff car. Base model. Flawless since day one. Actually seats 6 grown men. I consistently get 29- 31mpg! Bigger than Accord or Corolla for a Chevy price. Bigger interior, bigger trunk, and sacrificing 4-5mpg is worth it. Surprisingly good in snow too.
Overall I like the car but could have loved it with just a few changes. No bluetooth with OnStar. Give me a break, it's on the 2009 model. Also dont like OnStar. Give me my Garmin any day. But for the money good car 
I just got this car not too long ago. I was pretty impressed at first and after the haze of a "new car" went away I am still pleased. The dual climate control is interesting but not a must have. I love the trunk space and the roomy interior. The computer system that displays oil life, temperature, tire pressure, and etc. is a cool gadget. Love the remote start. The gas peddal felt a little stiff because I am used to a 4 cylinder. I like the chrome accents and so far no problems. The factory speakers are kind of weak and the drivers side leg room could be increased in the future. I tried out an 2004 Chevy Classic before I got this car and it was a huge improvement! 
While this car is not only fun to drive, as well as get into a little. I really appreciate the gas mileage when the MDS kicks in and your only running on 4 cylinders. I average 28 mpg per tank and that's with a little fun thrown in. Additionally, I found out that the 5.0 Pony car can not keep up on the top end on a good interstate.
I now understand why GM is going bankrupt. Their cars are awful. My Chevy Impala is an embarrassment. Cheesy seats, pain getting in and out of car and not scrapping the parking brake. Upside peppy with decent MPG. the downside, craftsmanship, design, seats, handeling cabin noise, sound system. The people running GM owe me an apology for this lack of effort. The reason why GM performs so poorly is that they are out to make a buck not a car. The Japanese have learned make a good car and the bucks will follow. Goodbye GM and good riddance. I wish you would take back my Impala. 
It's a good car for the price. I paid 17,000 out the door for a certified car. Comes with a 5 yr-100,000 bumper to bumper so the warranty is really 120,000 ! Ride is OK, great mpg. My avg is 29. It's a good family car for the price 
This Impala is a terrific family and fun vehicle. 90% of the use is back and forth to work. Between city and highway, there is a 22.4MPG overall. More than happy for a car this size. Took a road trip with 4 people, 5 suitcases and numerous other items in the trunk and averaged 29.7MPG between Chicago and Columbus. Cabin space is more than adequate. Easy handling, very responsive both steering and accelerating. My only concern is front end handling in the rain. The vehicle feels "light" and slides out easily during turns. Overall, I highly reccommend looking this vehicle over when considering making a purchase.
I did my research on the vehicle before I bought it. Gas mileage I thought was pretty good for a small block V-8. I average about 20-21 miles gallon. Had relatively small problems out of it so far, door lock and mirror switch went bad, typical electrical. Handling is stiff, acceleration is great. Opted for the no bose gonna switch out system for aftermarket. Pretty happy with vehicle so far
Bought an 08 Impala SS a few weeks ago, really enjoying it. Nice big car, comfortable ride, lots of power, I think it looks great. Quibble are lousy interior lighting (almost impossible to read a map in the front seat at night with the small lights in the rear view mirror), and odd cup holders; seats a bit flat. Easier to get into than my 06 Grand Prix GT, and easier on fuel too. It's your grandad's Impala until you stuff your foot into it.
Seems to have a steering response that is way too quick, better turn the traction control off if you plan on stomping on the gas pedal and pulling into the passing lane. As well, you better turn the traction control of if you see someone eyeballing you at the stoplight, or they are going to leave you burning rubber. Factory tires are junk and do not handle water, hydroplanes easy in the rain, Is quite dangerous in fact, this is a 50 mile per hour car in the rain. The steering can correct, but the tail is like a boat out of the water.
I fell in love with the looks of this vehicle and the chrome on the rearend is very beautiful which drew me to the car. I had not owned an Impala before but I am completely a Chevy girl. I come from a racing family and this car has not let me down. 0-60 in, well have not timed it, but I am happy. I can get the power when I need it and have not had any problems at all with the car. Would I buy it again, oh you bet I would! OnStar is wonderful and I am hooked on XM. Very happy with my purchase. 
I traded in my '03 Impala with 3.8 liter engine for this supposedly more fuel efficient model. The old Impala got 30 mpg on the hiway and averaged around 24. This new engine is getting 18.5 mpg on my commute and if babied on the hi-way will get 26 mpg. Also, if you decelerate and then want to accelerate quickly, there is about a 1 second hesitation before the throttle will do much. Really heart stopping in heavy rush hour traffic. Disappointed that this smaller car, with an engine that shuts off half of the cylinders to save fuel, turns in worse performance and way worse fuel economy than the old 3.8 liter engine. Also, OnStar should be an option only. Why pay for it if you don't want
This was the 2nd vehicle I have picked out myself. I covered the Southeast since 76 and have extensively driven over 24 different cars of which 18 were brand new, I've never had one from any car co that can even approach the level my expectations were surpassed by this one! Everything works! Had to replace the carrying ability of my prior Taurus SW, I learned from a rental just how cavernous this monster trunk is. It held all my parts, tool and test equipment with much room to spare. My first road trip over 100 miles rated 32.5 mpg and rising. Wife slept 250 mi in quiet comfort from KY. 
I thought I was buying a good car, but it is built poorly. I have air leaking in my door, the leather on the seat is defective and the side molding is falling off. I should say falling off, because the dealer fixed the molding but destroyed the paint on the door. I'll buy foreign from now on!
I did a lot of research to see what new car I wanted to buy. I decided on the Impala. Had a 72 and loved it. After taking my time and looking around I finally bought the 08 Impala. But, am having touble with the brakes. Had them redone and the day after they were as bad if not worse then before I had them worked on. Pulsate when stopping and jerks me back and forth until stopped. The front axle seal had to be fixed was leaking. Had an emission sensor go out and fixed. OnStar is not working properly the dealership is reviewing the recall papers to see what needs to be fixed. Seats are very uncomfortable. Very disappointed. I did the research and got stuck. Oh, the glove box broke.
I have chosen to drive Toyotas and Hondas for the last 20 years because American cars always seemed to be a combination of fancy doodads and low quality. I was prepared to be disappointed when my employer selected the Chevy Impala as our fleet car. Instead, this has been a reliable, solid, roomy, great handling car that gets more than 30 mpg on the highway. 
I turned in my Trailblazer to buy this car. It has 881 miles on it and has already been in the shop twice for the check engine light. The first time it was misfiring and the second time for overheating (it is still there, they gave me a loaner). The gas mileage has been awful an average of 23.6 for 65% city and 35 % highway driving. My average speed was 26.2 mph for driving on the highway at 55-70 mph. What is that about. Not sure I want to keep it, this is the first car I have actually purchased in about 6 years.
We believe the Impala is a good car at a good price. We considered Saturn, Nissan Altima and Honda Accord but the Impala just seems like more car for less money than any of those. It is too early to judge long term quality and gas mileage is not what others have reported but we are happy with our purchase so far. Seems as solid as the Cadillac we traded and has much more room inside. Only gripe so far are the seats which are not padded enough. Nowhere near as comfortable as either the CTS or our 2005 Impala.
This is my second Impala LTZ in two years. I traded my 06 for this 08. Great car for the money. The car is wonderfully equipped, as was my 06. I drive for business so I put on a lot of miles. The only complaint I have with the 08 is the lower fuel mileage vs the 06. I am only averaging around 23.5 hwy. (28-30 with same engine/options on the 06) Check eng. light finally came on Sunday with 10k miles. Took to dealer who said it was a throttle body unit. I hope it will solve the FM issue. If you have an 08 with disappointing mileage then have them check it out. Overall you will not be disappointed with an 08 Impala LTZ! 
I have had the car for 10 months now and have 24k on it. So far oil changes only and rotating the tires. This car is the most underated car out there! For all the torque steer issues all you have to do is turn off the traction control and the car tracks straight! The traction control applies the brakes on acceleration and pulls the car all over the place. Fuel mileage has been an avg of just shy of 20mpg and I just got under 25 on a recent highway run to Va. Sure you can knock a couple of things on the cheapness of certain things but turn the key and listen to the American muscle! It compensates for everything else! For the money it is still a great value and I get tons of compliments on its looks!
If you never drove a Honda Accord, Mazda 6, Camry, or Nissan Altima, the Impala might seem like a great car. However, having driven this car for a few months now, I find it excels in only one area -- gas mileage. I get about 28 mpg average, which is great for a large 6 cyl car. Everything else about the Impala seems crude & under- developed. It's already been in the shop twice for a faulty steering part & brake rotor resurfacing (at 15,000 miles). Acceleration is rough & uneven, handling is awful, and seats are poorly designed. This is not the car that will save GM from bankruptcy. 
Avid Chevy lover, drag racer, car collector. Traded my 03 Impala LS last week, for a new 08 LS. great sales staff, not pushy. first impressions of car, very good.Quick test drive, made the deal, thinking that I was replacing the same ol car with a new one. Wrong! The fuel mileage is better, there is poor erganomics to the car. Cup holders are awkwardly placed in the center console. the seats are hard, unable to adjust properly for comfort. The car handles poorly at high speeds, rocks and pitches in the corners. The biggest dissapointments is the sound system. It sounds like a cheap 50 dollar knock off from K-mart.The car reaks of cheap! GM has lost its way again! I'm getting rid of it!
This is a lot of car for the money. Plenty of room for the entire family, easily holds 5 adults. We upgraded to leather interior. The trunk is absolutely huge. Very long list of standard frills on the 2LT is more what I'd have expected if I had purchased a luxury model. Highway ride is smooth and quiet. A pleasure to drive. Avg fuel is 24mpg, mostly highway. Plenty of pep with the 3.9 engine. Biggest issue was finding one to buy, area dealers had none in stock, had to have it shipped in but still got a great deal. 
I bought this car in April 2008. I traded in a 2007 Dodge Caliber SXT that was fully loaded with every option under the sun for a plain jane full sized car to accomidate our family of five. The impala is quite comfortable and has a huge trunk. Exterior styling is fairly attractive and the interior is straight forward and easy to operate. I received good factory incentives which is why I purchased the car in the first place. Most of my driving is short in town driving so gas mileage is about 19-24 MPG. The automatic lights and stereo volume are nice features. There are several features I really miss about my old car, but all in all not a bad car for 18K.
So far, so good with our new Impala. I was able to take advantage of the last day GM offered a $2,500 rebate which, after negotiating using Edmund's TMV pricing report, provided a very satisfying purchase price. The black granite metallic paint and 18-inch wheels give the exterior an attractive, masculine look. The front interior is very nice. I like the brushed metallic dash a bit better than the faux wood offered on the base model. Rear seat leg room is cramped if the front seats are all the way back. Performance is what I expected from the 3.5 V6. All in all a very nice looking car that I hope to enjoy for many years.
Looked at Camry and Avalon, but bought the Impala. Avalon is, in my opinion, overpriced at a 50% price premium. Chevy had a bench seat/no console option, which I favored. Nice sized truck, good power to pass on 2 lane roads, very good fuel mileage for the size of car, good comfort. Overall, very happy with car. 
For an SS i find it still underpowered. I feel when you use the symbol SS it should stand for super sport. Chevy short changed themselves on this. With some modifications to increase power it rides a little better, but why do I have to do this for more performance. There are a lot of 4 bangers out there that have as much performance for thirty grand. But still not a bad car 
Traded in 2-door Civic, for this car. So far it runs good. The dash looks nicely grained, and wood grain finish looks good also. Big difference in fuel consumption. Front bucket seats lack thigh support, don't understand why there is no glove compartment light. There is some lag in shifting from 1st to 2nd gear. Driver front door sounds like it is binding. Rides good, a lot of features for the money, love that remote start that came with package. Wish that you could have more selections for fan speed. Thumb wheels can be somewhat of a pain. A lot of power, don't think i will buy it out at the end of the lease. Might go to the Chevrolet Malibu next.
I have about 300 miles on my 2008 Chevy Impala 1LT. It has the 3.5 L Flex-fuel engine. I especially like the fuel economy, OnStar, XM satellite radio, ride quality, safety ratings, stylish appearance, huge trunk, seating for six, fun to drive, ride quality and zero defects. GM also gave me 0% APR for 72 months. What a deal on an awesome American car even though it is assembled in Canada. 
I bought this car to replace an Olds Alero, what a difference! For the price I could'nt go wrong! The car fits me great! I would recommend this car to anyone who needs a new car and can't decide what they want.
The vehicle was purchased in February of 2008. I like the looks of the all black, with the cherry wood dash. My transportation has been predominately in the city, which gives me about 24-24 mpg. I have taken the car on one trip across the state of Wisconsin from Milwaukee to LaCrosse. The ride was good, and the vehicle got up to 32 mpg on the trip. It may have gotten better, but we had it fully loaded with 3 people and about 450 lbs worth of 'stuff'. That is what I find neat about this car, it's full size and the ability to get mileage that competes with the small compact foreign cars. The other thing I like is the oil life indicator, I get about 5,000 miles between oil changes.
Bought the Impala LT in October '07; have 9500 miles, and so far no problems. The gas only engine gets 34.5 mpg highway and 27.6 combined. Great looking exterior & interior. I'm very content. Thanks GM. 
Excellent overall execution. This is the first new automobile we have purchased in 33 years, preferring used. But the factory incentives made this new car impossible to pass up, so we went for it and are glad we did. Great car overall. We appreciate the level of standard equipment, even in this base LS model. We did not want ABS and I'm glad it was optional on the LS so we could avoid having to pay for it one way or another. Fit and finish is excellent; no complaints or any need to return car to the dealership. The Impala is an outstanding value for the money; head & shoulders above Camrys, Accords, etc. Highly recommend that it be compared to those makes before assuming anything
For the size for the money you can't beat this car import or domestic. Under $20k for ls model. I get 33 mpg highway in a full size. I did my homework and this a better deal than Toyota Camry, Honda Accord. This car is a plain Jane inside and out but that is what makes it a great car 
A nice car for the money. 22 city. I like the information center, large trunk, however, it should have some type of center console with cup holders in rear seating, lighted vanity mirrors. My previously owned 2003 Impala had that and it was just a base model. This car is one step up and just the basic features aren't their. Car rides well. I did have to return to dealship first week reguarding a poping noise in trunk. Wasn't to happy about have most of the trunk torn out which resulted in finding a very large bolt apparently left in from factory going from one side to the other on turns. One other trip reguarding a plastic clip left off on right headlight panel. However, I do like my car.
I ordered this Impala LTZ new in Feb.'08. Traded in a 2004 Impala SS which I thought I was going to keep as a collector, but replaced 2 for 1 (also traded an '05 Malibu). I have no complaints on the looks or quality of this Impala. Rides well, looks sharp and has been a pleasure to own. Only concern I have is that the gas mileage will improve. Have been getting 25 - 29 mpg on regular Unleaded gas as it is multifuel and just doesn't do well on E-85 gas. Have 2,300 miles on it and have every available feature. Think I have a great car!
I previously drove a 2001 Monte Carlo SS after owning two T-birds (hated the 2-seater style change). Went with the 2008 Impala as there aren't many full- size 2-door coupes on the market these days. The 50th Anniversary Edition is basically an LT model with more sporty features, the car looks a lot like the SS (including same 18" wheels/rims). The car rides smoothly, gas mileage is pretty much what the sticker says (it all depends on how you drive it). I like the two-tone interior. Front seats could provide more "lateral" support. Like the heated leather seats and garage door opener. Would have liked 6-disc CD changer and premium sound system, standard sound system just ok.
I have been driving this new 2008 Impala LS for one week. There are a lot of improvements over my old 2001 Impala; mainly in the computer area, not mechanically. Overall, this car has good value. The LS has power window, lock, seat, and steering; cruise control; keyless entry and trunk release; OnStar; and XM radio. All these in the low end LS model! I just hope that the lower intake manifold gasket will last longer this time. Try to make a spare key (to open driver side door) in Home Depot, no luck! Home Depot does not carry this new style of keys.
Very disappointed in this car. If this is the best that GM can do then I guess I finally have to go the way of millions of other car buyer and buy foreign. The design of the car is a cheap knockoff of a Honda Accord. I want an American car, not a copy of a Japanese car. The interior is cheap and plastic, looks more like a Chevy Chevette then an Impala. I paid way too much for this car, even with GMs paultry "incentives". No wonder GM is going broke!
I have only had for short time. But so far I just love it. It's hard to get used to an SS having 4 doors but I like the emblems, reminds me of days gone by. I traded in a crew cab dualy, so this is of course way more fun. I read reviews here before I bought it. And I have to agree about the wind noise and torque steer. But I bought it and like it anyway. I got almost 28 miles to gallon on a three hr. trip. That was at 70 with cruise control. I liked the steering wheel controls in my pick-up ('04 Silverado) better than the switches on the dash in Impala.
I've had this car for about 18 months. I purchased it as a bit of a compromise. It has many nice features, had some zip, yet also had front wheel drive for northern winters. Turns out, not much of a compromise. Driving this car never fails to put a smile on my face. When you step on the gas, you're gone! It is by no means a high performance sports car. You can quibble about numb steering and other pretentious car guy stuff, but it has great muscle and a fun factor. The average guy, of which I am one, will have a great time with this car. A real plus, especially given $4+ gas, has been the mileage. I get 22 around town and more than 26 on a recent 1200 road trip.
Impala ls under $20k. You can't beat this car import or domestic 4dr sedan this is it. The interior is basic and that is what I wanted. Trunk is huge good gas mileage 
You can't beat this car for the money. Roomy, comfortable with a rather nice interior. The ride is smooth, car handles potholes very well. The car does tend to roll a bit in turns but I found that simply lowering my seat down reduces the effect.
So far no problems, car runs great. Getting about 25 MPG average which is a lot better than the truck I traded in. 
Like many of us, wanted a car with better gas mileage, but didn't want a subcompact. Bought car as a program car, saved a ton of money. Good interior. Ride a little bumpy, but might be because was used to driving a towncar. Excellent gas mileage for the size of the car.. I am getting 25 city and a little over 34 mpg on the highway. Good leg room. Has an excellent information center, tells you when to change oil, tire pressures, instant miles per gallon, avg mpg, outside temp, compass, and a lot more usefull info. All controls on steering wheel, radio, air, cruise, etc. 
I am pleasantly surprised with this fleet vehicle. The efficiency, space, practicality, and good features really work well. An all-day interstate blitz immediately after delivery was a real pleasure. The visibility to the front is great and satisfactory elsewhere. I enjoyed operating the speed control from the steering wheel, and the speedometer is dead accurate according to my GPS. At great velocity, engine and wind noise are nearly non- existent and mileage is respectable. There are door pockets in each door, a glove box, console storage, a map pocket in the passenger seat, and a cargo net in the trunk. This vehicle is a great value.
Picked up the '08 SS a few days ago, and I have to say it's pretty good. Everyone mentions the torque steer, and everyone that has mentioned it is right. This car will surprise you if you are not careful. The seats are firm, but do not "hug" you like a sport seat should, but then again, this car is meant to cruise, not for SCCA solo-D. Highway ride is excellent. AFM system turns on and off real stealth-like...and the fuel economy numbers for highway are stellar for this type of engine.
The SS is a good overall car. I traded in an Audi A4 3.2. There is no comparison the Audi wins hands down. The SS is a big roomy car and fun to drive, it has power and looks great but the handling + torque steer makes it an effort to drive other then in a straight line. The car is a gas guzzler unless you drive it slow.When you drive it aggressivly be prepared to get 12 mpg. If you set the cruise control at 62 mph on the highway you will get 19mpg. Driving easy around town your best gas mileage wil be 15 mpg. I do like the car for the money. People stop to look at this car and they really like the sound, most can't beleive it's a Chevy. If the new model is RWD I will buy another one.
Love the car. Had it for 800 miles now. Avg. mileage (65% city 35% highway) has been 28.7 mpg, better than advertised. The car is quiet and comfortable, although some wind noise around front doors is present on highway. I wanted seating for 6, although the front middle seat is not usable for much more than short hops. Trunk is huge, easily swallowing our stroller, other bags, groceries and more. I have a "knocking" noise when going over certain bumps similar to a loose tie rod. Will have dealer look at it. Brakes pulsed when new, dealer turned the rotors stating rust needed to be removed as the car had been on their lot a while. Still, I'm glad I got the car.
Bought this car hoping that it would be enjoyable to drive, however front end vibration, limited cupholders, wind noise around windows, can't put a map in drivers side door pocket, no glove box light, no vanity mirror lights, lousy radio. no locking gas door. 
I got rid of my expensive to repair VW GTI and bought the 50th anniversary model for 08. I love this car as it is a real hwy crusier unlike the GTI. I realy like the idea of OnStar for emergencies and road service. XM radio I don't think I will continue at the price they want. I thought there were not going to be any commericals, but there are many. Mileage so far has been only 23 mpg, but it still needs to be broken in more. I would really like a conv. Impala or at least a red interior like I had in my first 1959 Impala hardtop.
Smooth and quiet. City 19 mpg, Suburban 23 mpg, Cruise 65 on the interstate 30.5 mpg. All the goodies except the skylight. 18 inch wheels. No wind noises, smooth shifts, Wanted to buy an American made Malibu, but couldn't get under the steering wheel. Canadian Impala was next best offer. Lots of room inside. Power and heated driver and passenger seats. Remote start, OnStar and XM. 2 tone leather seats. For a 50th anniversity car, the trim could have been upgraded, but for a Chevrolet it rocks. 
Let me tell you this is a great car. Love the looks of it and rides excellent. The 3.9 v6 is very powerful and has no problem going fast but very long spaced gears. The seats are very comfortable and nice looking. The inside is a little plain but I like it like that. I have the front bench seat with the column shifter and I love the bench seat because you can fit more people. Column shifter is easier to use because it sits next to my hand. Averaging 25 mpg excellent.
We commute short distances but like to take multi-state road trips. The Impala fits in the garage and budget but flies down the highway without any strain. XM radio and OnStar's navigation are great over the road tools. Finding an E-85 station is particularly cool using OnStar. The hidden storage under the back seat is nice for the lap top rather than in the trunk. All the trip computer readouts are nice when the scenery gets boring. We also considered the new Malibu but tiny things like the 2-zone A/C and power passenger seat ruled the day. A couple of small items would have been nice, memory settings for the seat/mirrors and a wider choice of wheels. Thank goodness for TireRack!
For the upper end of Impalas, this has been a real joke. The rattles and windshield leaks make you feel like you're watching an outdoor concert of bad music. Hit a pothole and OnStar wants to know if everyone in the car is OK--even though they think I'm about 80 miles from where I actually was . . . and they called back three times to verify that nothing was wrong. I listened to them more than the radio. Where do I find the fuse to kill that beast?
I have had my SS for about a month now. I traded in my 04 Subaru WRX with many mods. It was tough to get use to at first but the power that the SS has along with the comfort of the ride is taking care of all that. I plan on doing some things to make my family sedan a real speedster. Overall, it's comfortable to drive, it's got lots of power and speed when you need it. The torque steer is something to get used to. You can also gain a little speed by taking the traction control off. I am happy with it and growing happier. I almost bought the G8 but I like the build of the Impalas. Go get it, you won't be disappointed.
This is the sixth Impala we've purchased in six years. Everything works great except that we seem to be able only get around 23.5 mpg on the highway with the 3.9 engine. Past Impala's had the 3.8 engine and were much more fuel efficent. 
I've driven the SS for 4 months now and I'm actually impressed. Being a Corvette owner as well, not many cars excite me. The Impala is actually not a total bore to drive. The shifts are crisp and at the right rpm. Actually encourages you to show some muscle to 80%+ cars on the road that this vehicle will blow away. When it comes to hauling children or family this is the car. Something you cannot do in a Corvette. The only thing that worries me a little bit is the active fuel management which shuts down to a 4cyl when all 8 aren't needed. Can't get Cadillacs 8-6-4 out of my head
Having traded in my 2003 Monte Carlo SS for this Impala SS was a stretch. 2 doors for 4 doors?! Well, am ever pleased! This car moves, and be ready for the torque steer! Wish it was RWD though. Hate the FWD. But luxury in sport clothing! Looks cool, turns heads, and moves! Not as fast as my 2005 SSR, but carries 5 people! 
I decided to opt for the Impala over the Ford Fusion and the Nissan Altima. The car has close to 10,000 miles on it and the experience thus far has been pleasant. The biggest surprise to me was the fuel economy numbers. I was averaging around 25mpg with my 2006 Nissan Altima 2.5S. The Impala averages that at similar driving speeds. However, recently, I decided to slow down to 65mph and my fuel economy jumped up to 28mpg! The interior is very comfortable and the seats are supportive. The CD player hiccuped and had to be replaced - now it works great! The ride is smooth and quiet. The engine can be a bit buzzy when the RPM crosses 2500. Overall, good choice!
This car is a blast to drive, gas mileage is acceptable, and if you don't have Flowmasters on it, you're missing out. Great rumble, great performance, great looks. I love this car!
1st new Chevy I have owned. Didn't rated it a 10 yet, very close. Car handles nice, ride is nice and I don't have the problems that I have seen on this forum, which I looked at before I purchased my Impala. This car is a very good improvement (I test drove Impala 3 years ago and wasn't impressed). I hope to have this vehicle a few years.
Traded our 05 Equinox early as we were very disappointed with quality, problems considerng it was a forty thousad dollar vehicle. Tried the Impala. So far we're happy. Nine thousand kilometers and no problems yet. Had lot's of snow in Canada this winter, was worried about not having all wheel dive, but the car was great with traction control. Handles great,and smooth on the highway. More than enough power with 3.9 v6. Mileage a little embelished on sticker but so are all the other car makers. 
In 2006 I sold my restored 1963 split window Vette. I thought that I would never again get the fun rides I used to get from the 63, wrong. I bought a nSS in January and I am thrilled with the ride. It sure stops better than the 63, the handling is not quite as good. Just this morning OnStar unlocked it for me. I recommend this car to any one who remembers the great cars of the sixties. I am getting between 23 and 25 mpg. I am happy with my 25th new Chevy. This is the same engine that I have gotten over 300000 miles out of in my pickup trucks.
Traded in a base-model Grand Prix for the LT and haven't looked back. Sure the Grand Prix had a bigger V6, but she turned like a cow, fat too. Havent had the chance to use E85, not that it really matters to me, although great mileage for the size and driving conditions ~27 MPG avg would definitely recommend, especially with the great leasing options.
Bought this car when it first came out, there were only 3 on the lot to choose from. Gas mileage is no where close to the commercials. Too small, if you have children, stay away from this car. one car seat and that's about it for the back seat. one stroller in the trunk and no more for the trunk. have been to shop on numerous occasions for brake issues, was sat down by the shop manager and told, "that's just how it is, sorry." Cannot wait til lease ends to get rid of it! will not buy a GM again, first and last experience!
We bought our Chevy used with a little over 18K miles. I fell in love with it when I saw it on the Web and even more so once I took it for a test drive. We've had a problem with the Power Steering and had to have the Steering Column replaced (under Warranty) but not even that makes me sorry for choosing this car. My husband is 6'3" and my son if 6'1". Both of them have plenty of leg room. The color is great, Pewter Gray with Gold iridescent. This is a sleek looking and driving machine. Good going Chevy.
I fell in love with this car when it was first launched and really wanted to have one. I thought I was lucky when I got a used one with 13000km on it. It was a gm employee demo car. At 22,000 the car started to pull to the right, dealer couldn't find a problem. At 27000km it was out of line and I had to pay $200 for have cambers installed in order to line it up properly. At 29000km the fan is beginning to go on it. Its a piece of junk. Certainly not worthy of car of the year.It will be my last GM vehicle.
Initially, I was a big fan of this car. At about the 5 month mark it simply started to fall apart. I maintain my car to perfection but this car has been in the shop for warranty repairs 7 different times for 7 different reasons. Everything from steering column to the bumper coming loose to computer ships going bad. This car has been an absolute nightmare from the beginning.
Great Car. I was originally a Truck guy, But after test driving the malibu i fell in Love.I Bought a LS model with 19500 Miles On it. The 3.5 L V6 Is a must good power acceleration can use some improvement but all around Awesome. Clean car... All my Friends envy the styling of it....Chrome lined Just all Around a must Bye! Highly Recommend!
Well I guess the days of new car first service lists is over! Drove it out of the dealers lots and been going ever since. No complaints here, and i can be a little picky on my cars. For as much as cars cost today it's a true value and stylish to boot. And an added kicker, 20mpg in town and 29 highway loaded up on a trip, well above the mfgs stated economy. This is with the 252 hp v-6. Love the car and @ 63years old I've been through a few. Keep it coming GM, well done
This is the best car I have ever had! I selected it for safety, reliability, and overall economy without even driving it. I was shocked how beautiful the interior is and how well it drives. Way better than Camry or Accord!
I bought my 2008 Malibu LTZ 6 months ago and since then I've received no less than 8 compliments on the vehicle from total strangers. I stopped keeping track after a while, but one guy wouldn't believe it was a Chevy and a girl at a drive-thru practically climbed through the drive-thru window to admire the two-tone interior. Runs great, handles great, and looks great. Worth every penny in my opinion!
I bought a used Malibu LT with 18,100 miles on it and have had for just over four months. Car has been great...I have a 100 mile daily commute (roundtrip) and have put 12,000 miles on the car in 4 months. Zero problems. Car has been terrific. XM is great, interior looks awesome and the ride is very smooth if you put up your windows you hear nothing outside. This was my first car purchase and I am beyond happy with it so far.
Purchased my 08 LTZ MALIBU,black with peanut butter interior ,before vacation last. We were able to place 2 sets of golf clubs, & luggage in the trunk. The car is great, fuel economy is great. Had a 01 Cadillac, wanted a new 08 CTS. compared the Mailbu with the CTS, practically same car for $20, 000 less. Glad we purchased the Malibu, if I only get passerbys to stop leaving finger prints on the windows when they peak in to look at the interior.
Previously owned a VW Passat and still own a 5 series, BMW, this car has been a joy. Stop and go mileage has been around 21-22, which is OK. We have the 2LT. Have not had much opportunity for long distance hwy to see how hwy mileage is. No problems at all with the car. Very quiet and comfortable. Wife loves the OnStar, we use it for directions all the time. Car handles very well, braking is great. Have received many compliments on the vehicle, even from friends who own Lexus, etc. Test drove other Japanese makes and the Malibu blew us away.
Have had my 08 Malibu fo 6 weeks now. I've put on about 1600 miles and have been totally satisfied. It's exceptionly quiet, solid, with very good engine response. On trips I average aroud 30 mpg. My wife who in the past has favored imports absolutely loves this Malibu.
After being in a 2003 BMW 325i with countless problems and loud wind noise this car was a wonderful surprise. I test drove the Camry and Honda and was all set to purchase the Camry but after getting into the Malibu there was no turning back. I was not expecting to purchase an American car but when I got in it there was no comparison. the ride is smooth, quiet and the interior is the best. If Chevrolet can transform all their cars into one with this much quality the competition needs to watch out!
This car is a joy to drive. Mine is 2LT and the list of options for this level is amazing. I compared the Camry, Accord, Altima, actually I looked at everything from small cars to luxury cars, the Malibu is probably the best value in the marketplace. My criteria was to get a car that was comfortable, fun to drive and gets good fuel economy. The 4 cyl has plenty of power and that power is smooth. Initially I was concerned about getting a 4sp auto when others offer a 5 or 6sp with a 4cyl but this trans shifts so smoothly and works so well with the power generated from this engine. This car is so quiet, very little road noise. Test drive this car before you buy, you'll be glad you did.
I would like to know how the public is being fooled about poor mileage from GM cars. I set the cruise at 55 and get 38 mpg on the instant mpg readout and at 70 mph I get 35, aprox. 26 in the city. and this isn't a tiny car. Plenty of room and I'm 6 ft 2 in. Beautiful car, absolutely quiet. A great ride. An excellent car at a great price. I highly recommend to everyone to test drive a Malibu.
This Malibu was one of the first. I had it custom built back in November, 2007. It is simply a great car. No problems. Lots of fun to drive.
This is the best vehicle I have ever owned. My wife and I took it on a 300 mile road trip on the first weekend which included drive time in the Colorado Mountains and on the highway, and it performed wonderfully. Even with the mountain driving, and allowing my brother in-law to road test it with his lead foot we got 28.7 mpg on that first tank. We were in the midst of some kind of biker rally on this road trip, and there was a rock band playing at one of the stops. I saw them out of the window, but couldn't hear them, I rolled down the window and there was the loud noise. I felt like I was in a car commercial. Looks great, rides great, couldn't be happier.
Now, after having this vehicle for 6 months, I dare to say that this car is the most fun to drive car since my 56 Bel-Air. It rides like a much bigger car than it is and is as quiet as my previous Cadillac. And recently I have had the opportuniy to take it on a few road trips and have gotten over 30 mpg on each trip. The car is amazing both in ride, handling and power. The seats are comfortable and easy on the back. Anyone looking for a great car that would be doing themselves a disservice if they don't check this one out.
I looked at several cars before buying including CTS, Lexus GS350, Acura TL, Honda and Maxima. I test drove this one and felt the others weren't worth the extra money. LTZ version is awesome. Everything about it was well done, high quality materials on interior, great engine and ride, good looks and you absolutely cannot beat the price. GM did an awesome job on the redesign of this car. I honestly feel it is comparable to many higher priced imports. Standard features makes for an easy purchase. I'm extremely happy to say that I bought an American car. I strongly encourage all potential buyers to test drive this car before purchasing a Honda, Acura, Nissan or other. You'll be pleasantly surprised
I just recently purchased a new Malibu LTZ. First off, the look of the car is wonderful. Very classy inside and out. GM did everything right with this one. The comfort while driving to the spaciousness of the vehichle is great! I have a 4 month old son, and the space is definitely needed. With raising gas prices the Malibu was a much better bet then the Tahoe I was originally looking at. With this being the 3rd Chevy that I have owned..Cobalt SS, and TrailBlazer SS...I'm still completly satisfied with Chevys! For the price range there is nothing more that I can ask for. I have the sunroof, heated seats, remaote start, plenty of places to put stuff. I couldnt ask for anything more.
Had the car for about a month and so far so good. Traded in a TrailBlazer and getting good returns as far as better mileage. 1LT with sunroof and power convenience package, Sandstone color - very sharp! Smooth ride, quiet engine, decent mileage so far (22-25 mpg in mixed driving). Eye-catching interior and every feature you might need. Also looked at Sonata and Altima and this was the best choice for me. Only minuses so far are turning radius (seems like the TrailBlazer could turn tighter), no rear seat armrest, and small trunk opening. I'm 6'2" and it took a little while to find a comfortable seat postion but no compaints now.
Use to be a big Honda owner. Honda has gone up in price so much I thought I'd try an american car. I saw the Malibu and wow! It drives better than my Honda and looks better with all the fun options. Much more car than Honda or Toyota can offer for a great price. Glad to be buying a GM car.
Just bought my Chevy Malibu LTZ. Had a Cadillac CTS-V, but due to the cost of gas, had to sacrifice it. This car is awesome. It is extremely quiet, those acoustic windows actually do help a lot. A better value and performer than all the expensive competitors. Chevrolet made another quality product, which is I keep coming back.
I bought my new Malibu in May and I love it! I had a Chevy TrailBlazer which I also loved, but traded it for a Dodge Caliber due to gas mileage. I hated giving up my luxury of the TrailBlazer and truly missed it. After buying the Malibu, I don't miss my Blazer as much. The Malibu has a feel of luxury without the price tag. I love the looks, the handling, and the comfort. The only thing I can say I don't like about the Malibu are the blind spots, but I know they're there and just need to be a little more careful. I would highly recommend this vehicle.
By far the best car we have ever owned. We get excellent gas milage, we actaully fight over who gets to drive! Everywhere we go people look and ask us about the car, best car Chevy ever made. Thanks Chevy for the funnest car to drive for the 30 somethings.
I have only had the car a week, but I am impressed! I was looking at Altima and Sonata, but when I drove the Malibu, it was no contest. I can't believe the difference between this car and the 2007. Unbelievably quiet and comfortable. Interior is very nice - as good as many cars costing much more. I have filled up twice and got 30mpg and 31mpg with mostly highway commute miles. Plenty of power for me. Exterior styling is beautiful. Clean lines, great looks, everything goes together well. With so many standard features, I couldn't believe the price. The last GM product I bought was in 1988. I'm glad to see GM is back in the game - and winning the game in my opinion. 
Had a low mileage 04 Explorer, so I was looking for better gas mileage and a better payment. Found both in the 08 Malibu. I drove the Malibu and loved it. I ended up buying a program car with only 9500 miles. Shortly after buying it, I drove 83 miles to another city. Mileage calculator showed 37.6 avg mpg hwy. I forgot that the trip to this city was slightly down hill. The return trip showed 34 avg.mpg. Very pleased and the car is ultra quiet.
No reason to buy a Toyota with the Malibu here. We actually bought an LTZ with a 4 cyl. engine and the 6 speed transmission. This is a new feature for the Malibu. Now you have great looks with the LTZ and a great fuel economy. Plenty of power and acceleration with the 4. I have owned a Toyota Camry and this car has it beat handsdown. No wonder the Chevolet dealers can't keep them in stock! 
Coming from a guy who is used to driving a Duramax it was a big step to get a mid-sized car. But this one is unreal. The Malibu is sporty to drive, yet has plenty of room for my family of 4. I drive 200 miles a day and average 29 miles per gallon at 75 mph with criuse and the 3.6L engine. The ride is excellent and quiet. The sound system rocks and with the onstar phone I can pay more attention to the driving. The only thing I can say needs improvement is the side to side leg room could be greater, but again I am used to driving a crew cab. Overall a great car. I think our company is making this one the standard.
What a fun car to drive. It handles the road very well, even plows through the deep snow, I was concerned I might spend a lot of time in the ditch. It did great with the snow! Needs to have fog lights as a standard feature to help with the poor visibility of the low beam headlamps.
Overall this car is absolutely fantastic. I have had it for three weeks and it is very pleasing. I marked a 9 on my fuel economy only because I went from a Neon. This is a bigger car, but I would prefer a little better city fuel economy (about 22 stop and go). It's not too bad though. When you get on the highway it's 30-31. My fiance completely loves this car as well. He wishes he could have it. This is my first brand new car and I am in love. I was looking at Camry's and Altimas but I wanted to buy a GM and I can honestly say with reviews and such, I think this is anticipated to last as long if not longer than Toyota/Honda/Nissan. I believe this is very possible. Great purchase!!!
This car is awesome! Beats the competition. So many standard features. 6 Airbags, stabilitrac, onstar, satellite radio. The turn by turn navigation system is so easy to use. No map discs to buy again. No screen to have to stare at. Smooth acceleration and super quiet inside. People are staring at my car when I stop. Nice job GM!
My car is a week old and it is the best car I've ever owned. For the added bonuses, I definitely got my money's worth. Ambient lighting (in my fav. color) teal, movable arm rest in front, sporty sun roof, side blinkers, wheel-mounted radio controls...I could go on and on. The ride is oh so comfortable and the reviews I get from all my friends. Hey girl, you bought a Lexus? Is that a new Beamer? It's so sporty, there's no way you could of paid that little. The list goes on. I love my Malibu!
This car is beautiful inside and out. Have had almost 4 months. Sweet like candy to a child. The layout, controls are just fantastic. People stare at us all the time. Ride and power for a 4 cylinder is amazing. Don't want to compare to anything else, this car is in its own class. Build quality is remarkable. Lines inside and out are like silk. Smooth and soft. Everything works so well. Let me mention the mileage. I drive city and country roads many stops. No highway 27-30 mpg so far. Have 1700+ miles on it. Have checked many times. I just want people to know how much I love this car.
Love this car! It handles great, provides a smooth ride, very quiet, great gas mileage for teh size, and looks fantastic! A lot of features for an LT model! 
I recently traded my 2006 Impala SS for the 2008 Malibu LT with the 4 cylinder. I was getting 13.5 mpg with my V8 powered Impala spending 500.00/month on gas! I had it forget the SS! I test drove the camry, Honda, Mazda6, Altima. As far as I am concerned it had the best ride of them all, great value for the money. The 4 cylinder is suprisinly peppy. Fit and finish are excellent. The car turns heads where ever I go. People ask what are you driving? The cabin is quiet with no wind noise on the highway. So far 26.5 local mpg and 31 highway! Unreal! cut my monthly gas bill in half!
Chevy nailed it. Drove the other big three imports, they don't come close. Feel like a man driving this car, not a soccer mom. Handles great, rides even better. Excellent style that you'll feel good rolling up in, without the pretentious price. 
Chevrolet hit the mark with the 2008 Chevrolet Malibu! Fuel economy is averaging highway and city 24. The interior was designed with comfort and plenty of storage niches. The exterior design is sleek and eye catching. Ample trunk space for all your goods and quiet interior. 
I have had three different cars so far in my life, and I can say that this car is worth a lot more than I paid for it. My monthly payments are only $200 a month, and I get 30 MPG. I have never felt so grateful to have a car, and I have never ever felt this safe, and comfortable in a car. Not to mention, I have never had a car so luxurious (and I don't even have the model that's been supped-up). The basic model is already equipped as a luxury car. OnStar is amazing and comes standard, and I have a car phone which makes me feel safe. It has a 5 star frontal, and side crash test rating. I will probably own another one of these in the future. 
We have had minivans, Envoys and trucks so it was time to get a car as the family is leaving the nest. We almost purchased a CTS but then saw the Malibu drove it and then ordered one. Ours is black with black and brick interior and everyone that rides in the car loves it. It is fun just to get into it and drive. The mileage is almost 24 combined city and highway. If you are thinking of any mid sized car you better give this a look because I don't think there is a better car for the money. 
I had a 2000 Malibu and liked it. But let me tell you, this car is so much nicer. I love the power, the quietness (I swear you can't even tell it is running if you are sitting still!) The interior is beautiful, I have the 2 tone gray, microfiber/leather. The heated seats are great too. I love all the lights inside when you drive at night. It is luxurious! 
I traded my 2004 Cadillac CTS for the Malibu LTZ. The Malibu LTZ is a better ride than the 2004 CTS. Everyone thought I was crazy to give up a Caddy for a Chevy, I made a good choice. I got a lot more for my dollars. It is fully loaded, fun to drive and a great price. It handles well and is very responsive. Gas mileage has been good. Great job Chevrolet!
Elegant sheet metal, graceful interior, & silky powertrain. Exceptionally quiet, smooth and comfortable on the road. Outstanding design. Exemplary in every respect.
I was thinking about leasing a new car between the Altima, Accord, Malibu And the Camry, after my test drive on all, I chose the Malibu. I felt like I was driving a Lincoln when it came to comfort, the exterior styling is a beautiful combination of modern class. I don't stop hearing compliments on my car. I'm sorry Toyota and Nissan there's nothing to compare. GM must continue the good work in order to get their reputation back, because I keep on hearing from my friends that the reason they don't want any American brand car is because they're unreliable. My recent car was a Camry and it was full of problems. Thank God I only leased it. I think its time to give a second chance! 
You gotta be kiddin me! 24 thousand, and this vehicle rides, handles, feels every bit as good as my wife's BMW 3 series, which cost almost double! The gas mileage and quiet 4 cylinder engine are truly the best I have witnessed to date. 
This vehicle is a great purchase. I use to only drive Toyota or Honda. Know that I am driving a Malibu, I am pretty impressed. The only but I would say about this vehicle is that I should of have gotten a large engine. 
08 red LTZ with all avialable options. Wow. I can honestly say that driving a mid-size sedan really can be fun and comfortable and done in a well appointed interior. The ride is amazing. Cabin noise is the first thing I noticed, in that there was hardly any. Smooth and responsive,its just a blast to be in. Styling, both interior and exterior are eye catching. Creatue comforts abound in this car, many of them standard. 
Ample power to get me to and from the ski slopes at much better fuel efficiency than the Jeep I traded. The LS is getting about 20 miles/gallon on a 3-mile commute to work but reaches the high-20s in highway driving. I can set the cruise on 65 or 70 mph even on a climb to a Colorado pass without causing the 4-cylinder engine to whine. 
I have fallen in love with this car. Have had over a month. People go ga ga over it.I am 6 ft 1/2 in tall weigh 265 lbs. The interior is so comfortable for me. It is so put together right. Fit and finish makes me feel like I bought a luxury car. Wish I could write a book about it because I think I could. Not to say bad about anything else but this is my dream car. Mileage with half and half (half city..half county no high way driving) is 27. Must say I am very pleased. Most new cars were off quickly but this just makes me feel better the more I drive it . My wife likes to drive trucks but she is falling for the Malibu also.
3 months into ownership, I can say that I really like this car. I am coming from a Malibu Maxx, and this is much better in every way. The styling inside and out is first rate, the car feels solid, the engine has a nice 'growl' when you hit the gas, and the ride is smooth yet firm. This car is pretty darn fast! I do like the Turn by Turn navigation (it works pretty well), although I don't feel I will sign-up at $25+/mo. when the free subscription ends. I have been putting in 89 octane, and this does get me better mileage and pickup than 87 octane. I have owned Acuras and Volvos the past 10 years, and this is the only car that has received compliments from complete stran
We considered others but felt the Malibu's 4cyl test drive was better than the 6cyl on other makes. It is a comfortable, quiet, luxurious drive! Controls are easy to use. I love it that the remote starter also turns on the rear window defroster which is great when you live in Buffalo, NY! I love the free OnStar with hands free calling and GPS access. I wish the mileage was better. I drive more hwy than city and I only get 20 mpg overall. I wish the cupholders were more convenient to use and there was a better place for my purse when I have a passenger. I've only had it for 2 months, but I think it's going to be hard for me to ever have to give it up! 
I've driven a 1988 Chevy Monte Carlo for 7 years, and I've loved it. Every car I've driven that's been built since 1995 I have hated. It never felt like you could just sit back and relax in it. I'm 6ft 1 and would either have my knees in the dash or head in the roof. Finally the ol' Monte Carlo became undependable and I am thankful to have found a car that fits the bill! I have the v-4 which is suprisingly quick and averaged 35 mpg on a four hour highway trip. I feel like this is the Apple Computer of cars, everything just works like you'd naturally expect it to.The brakes feel right, the automatic functions are perfect and the drive is fun!
This is a fantastic vehicle. Very quiet on the highway. Beautiful interior. And all the options make this vehicle fun to drive. This is hands down the best Chevrolet I've ever been in. It's not even compairable to the old Malibu.
This car is just awesome. My lease was up on my 2004 Monte Carlo SS supercharged and I was looking for a 4 door car. Well I found one! This car turns so well, and is sooo comfortable inside. I love the dashboard layout, the odometer is cool how it lights up, and I love all the secret compartments. The cupholders are great and I don't have to worry about my drinks falling over anymore. I'm still getting used to the 4-cyl power but it's actually not too bad. I have gotten so many compliments on this car already and I have only had it a week! If you are hesistant to buy this car don't be you will be pleasantly surprised! 
Since it's introduction, I have been intrigued. I recently got out of my 2006 Trail Blazer (which my wife & I loved!) and leased the 2LT 4CYL. I wanted the 6CYL, but was too impatient to wait for an incomming vehicle! We are pleasantly surprised with the smoth operation of the 4CYL. The ride is just amazing. The car looks and feels like a luxury vehicle! As a sales person who loves the Chevrolet Brand - It is embarassing how surprised I am! I am not surprised, however, that I have seen many luxury brand owners interested in the Malibu! The car is just that nice. Std ALL Malibus: ABS,Dynamic Brake Proportioning,Traction Control,Tire Air Pressure Monitors,Auto Lights with DRL,Side Air Bags
We purchased this car in late 2007 after considering the Altima and Camry for several months. We just fell in love with the styling of this car and value for the money. Once we test drove it there was no turning back. We have the V6 LTZ - which I'd say is the only way to go with this car -- and so many features are standard. This car handles like a dream and we get so many compliments on the looks. In my town we are still part of the very few who have this car and it seems to turn heads wherever we go.
Here is my review after 2 months/2000 miles. Car is rock solid; paddle shifters are effective and make driving fun again, even in a midsize sedan. Turn-by-turn Nav is not bad, but glad it's free for now. Gas mileage has settled around 23.5 mpg in mixed driving. Driver comfort is excellent with all the available adjustments. Extra storage areas really come in handy. Remote start is a great feature, but key fob has not worked a few, unrepeatable times. I have no real need for sunroof; would definitely buy this car again w/rear power pkg.
The Malibu is a fun car to drive. Coming from a Volvo I was reluctant to even consider a domestic. Then I test drove the Malibu and I was hooked. I really preferred the LTZ but the mileage at 17 mpg city is not great so I bought the LS and I was pleasantly surprised with its zippy performance. The car resplendent inside and out. With the two-tone cocoa and cashmere after market leather we installed the LS looks as good as, if not better, than the LTZ. Neighbors and friends are jealous. They can?t believe the luxury features on this car for less than $21,000 (leather included). Oh, I smoked an Acura TL that brought a pleasing and satisfying smile to my wife?s face. It was almost orgasmic.
I purchased a Aveo 3 months ago was so impressed I decided to buy my wife a Malibu. Talk about being surprised. This is the best vehicle I have ever owned. I'm 51 and have owned many. Fit and finish are as good as any Lexus and Toyota, Honda. Let me say this the ride is wonderful. The interior is just the best. The four banger is more than enough power for me. Handling is great. Ten in my book.
I have owned from Hondas to Mercedes and everything in between. Normally I stay away from American cars like plague. This time, I can say that they definitely got it right and can compete with Accord and Camry. The ride is better than Camry and more luxurious than Accord. Fits and finishes are at par with Japanese cars. The real problem with American car companies is that they are doing the same thing over and over again, producing craps but not this time. Honda Fit 1.5L gets 30MPG and this 2.4 Malibu is far better than Fit or Civic or Accord. See it for yourself and go take a test drive. I'd highly recommend this car to those who are looking at Japanese imports. Kudos to Chevy.
Purchased the car for daughter, She loves the car, loves the XM radio and hooks her Ipod up to the AUX connector. I looked at Camry, Accord and Altima, this car felt better to drive and ride.
I love this car. The styling is great, and the quality is appropriate for this price point. Can't beleive that this car is under $20K. I love the night lighting in the cabin and the enclosed cup holders. The movable arm rest was a nice surprize. This car had some great designers as they thought of everything. There is a rubber patch where your keys hang so there is no banging against hard plastic. Storage everywhere that is easily accesable to the driver. I got this car as a replacement to a 2006 Lemon Pontiac G6. Would never go back.
...that GM puts together a car that can compete with the imports. I have been waiting for Chevrolet to give me a reason to consider them again. The design and reviews got me in the dealership. The test drive sold me. My four year lease was up on my 2004 Passat Turbo (another review for another day). For the past year I was planning on getting a loaded Accord or Acura TL. After driving them all, I decided to give Chevy a chance again. This car is right on par with the other brands. It actually drives nicer than the Accord, in my opinion, with nicer controls as well.
I'm a luxury SUV owner, but wanted a 2nd "smaller" vehicle to just hop in and go. But you can't take the luxury out of a person, so I looked long and hard to find a car I wanted. And this car is it! It's a real joy to drive - very comfortable, quiet, and handles beautifully. The front seats seem to envelop you and the lumbar support is nice. The sound system is just as nice as my Denali's 9-speaker Bose system. I hesitated with the ebony/brick interior, wondering if I would get sick of it, but the opposite is true. I like it more every day. The interior lines with the contrasting colors are very sharp and pleasing to the eye.The swooping dashboard lines give the interior a more open feel
It was an impulse buy - hooked up with the dealer over the internet, real nice sales guy...followed up, went into the dealership about 2 days later (right down the street), went out for a test drive, loved it, and before I knew it, I was signing papers. Haven't looked back since. I love this car.
Just bought the 08 LTZ. Very great car. Now, I didn't start off with anything great, but this is a very solid car. Style is great, it's distinctive without being too outlandish. Interior is awesome, I've gotten many compliments on the two tone leather. Plenty of power, so its not a dull driver. If your looking at a midsize car, and don't feel like being Accord/Camry no. 4574 on your block, this is a good buy. Even if your deadset on the Honda, I'd step into a Chevy dealer, if only to find out what else is out there. You might be surprised
I've had an '08 Malibu LS 4-cylinder sedan for a month as an insurance replacement rental. The car is somewhat elegant looking, with an attractive looking interior. The 2.4 four and automatic has enough power for most situations - I'm averaging 24.5 mpg in mixed city/freeway driving. Interior is quiet and large, but materials used are poor - center console is cheap plastic and squeaks, the console lid was fixed once before but it's loose again. The bottom of the driver's door panel is misaligned, squeaks on bumpy roads, and is made of ultra-cheap plastic. Windshield header leaked water in the car wash. Large trunk, but no rear center armrest - seats fold down instead. 
Traded in my overpriced, problematic Mercedes. The warranty was running out and it was time to get a car that didnt need psychotherapy. I was really happy with the change. Its so much quieter than my CLK which was almost twice the price. Features include tire pressure monitor and pedal adjust that I couldnt get in the Benz. Plus an Onstar System that won't go obsolete on me. Fun to be driving a Chevy again.
Nice quiet ride on the interstate, plenty of interior leg room (front/back) huge trunk. I absolutely love this car and wish I would have bought it a few weeks sooner, less time driving the ION
I just bought one in December and the car is a great one. I have had many cars and to date this is the number one choice in my book. Its about time GM made a fun and very powerful car. Thanks GM! I'm very, very happy with the new Malibu LTZ. 
This is my third Malibu purchased since 2001 and I will honestly say it is the best one by far. Time will tell the whole story but Chevrolet appears to have scored a whole-in-one this time around.
Got on a 2 year lease for my wife. Quality throughout the vehicle is on a par with the Acura Legends I used to lease. Plenty of power, ultra quiet ride and loads of amenities. Even the engine compartment is well laid out and looks neat and clean. It's the LT2 with the engine package that gives you the V6, 6 speed auto., and 18 inch wheels. All of this for a little over $25,000 MSRP is amazing.
Awesome car! I never thought I'd be able to own a luxury performance sedan, but this car is unbelievable! I know it's not in the same class as a Mercedes AMG, but for the price (I got mine for $26,700 w/sunroof!) you cannot find a better combination of performance, luxury, and space! The leather seats cradle you like you're the most important person on earth. The cabin noise is so quiet you can use your inside voices at 75 mph on crummy northwest interstates. The premium audio system (8 speakers) successfully competes with Bose systems. I am truly impressed with this vehicle and all of the frills that GM includes (OnStar, roadside assistance, warranties, etc.) I'm 100% satisfied and happy!
For the price I believe this is the best car on the market. The interior is luxurious, with leather and ultra-suede seats. Mine has the V6 with more power than I know what to do with. It handles like a dream and really hugs the road on turns. The optional remote start is a life-saver on these freezing mornings, as are the heated seats. I've never been happier with a new car purchase. Welcome back GM!
Chevy makes a first class sedan. Powerful, excellent handling, luxurious interior and European exterior. I've been getting 25.5 miles per gallon using as a commuting car in heavy traffic. Really a smart looking car. I like the 18" wheels, twin exhausts, LED lights, etc. Very comfortable and the most quiet car I have ever owned.
I just came back to Chevrolet after owning two Volks (a 1999 Passat and a 2006 Jetta, previous to the Passat I owned a Cavalier Z24) and it's just an amazing car. The 4 cylinder is just enough power, the ride is smooth but firm, very close to a Volks. It is incredibly quiet in the car, the seats are very comfortable and look great with the suede and leather. Great job GM!
We've had this car for about 2 weeks now and so far so good. We took a trip from San Diego, CA to Santa Barbara, CA up I-5 to the 101, which both have horrible traffic, and thoroughly enjoyed the trip. We traded in a Trailblazer that we did not like so I questioned going with another Chevrolet but I'm glad we did. The build quality, comfort level, appearance, and amenities make for a great package. They've done their research and took the time to put out something that wasn't thrown together. I agree with the critics that say they had put all their eggs in one basket with the truck/SUV market but it seems they've produced a winner making for some good competition.
I have been driving Malibus for a long time. This has been the nicest one I ever got. I traded in my 2004 Malibu and got a good trade in value for that car too. This car rides so smooth and you have plenty of pick up for a 4 cylindar car. My last one was 6 and I can barley tell the difference in the pick up. The gas milage is much better too. I love the XM radio and the OnStar which I did not have before. The controls for the radio on the steering wheel are nice and the hands free phone service. My car seat fits well in the back and leaves plenty of room for two more people to sit. The trunk holds a lot and is easy to load. I love my new Malibu
This car is an incongruous value and a delight to own. They have started out with great basics - a hydroformed version of the Epsilon chassis (rock solid and ultra low resonance), the drivetrain right out of the Caddy CTS (the GM High Feature V6 can run without coolant, like the Northstar). They built on this with no shortage of great features and amenities, in a package with style and grace. Minute details such as the door position stops, the trunk lid mechanism, the tiny lamps inside the door handles, tiny Chevy logos in the lights, all add up to a car that delights like no other. Love the suspension and handling as well.
For the money there is no car out there to compare with the Malibu, I haven't owned a GM product in twenty years, and I am back and so is "GM". You owe it to yourself to check this vehicle out before you purchase your next vehicle. The OnStar feature alone is worth the money. I drove an 07, and there is no comparison. 
When I decided to take the plunge, my new Malibu was about 10 days out from arriving at the dealership. Honestly, I was like a little kid waiting. I have not had one moment's regret, nor anything but absoulte driving pleasure since I picked up my car. Mileage improves with each fill up. I have about 1800 miles on my car after one month. This is the best built passenger car that Chevrolet division has ever prodeced. I have owned 5 new Nissans and 2 new Dodges since 1995. I can't say that I have ever truly been proud of my ride until now. The ultralux interior is comfortable and impressive to all who have seen it. I felt the package for the price was a steal. Totally underpriced!
We recently purchased the new '08 Malibu LT w/ the 2LT package after test driving multiple sedans. We tried the LT with the 4cyl engine but the pickup was atrocious. Also, the electric steering feels too sensitive while at the same time feeling sluggish. The V-6 engine on the other hand has ample power. The hydraulic steering compliments the additional power with more responsiveness and better feel. On the other hand, the TapShift rarely seems to come in handy. It can be quite difficult to feel when you need to shift, so you often find yourself trying to read the tachometer (which shouldn't be necessary in a sedan such as this one). 
I have owned a Camry and an Accord. When I went in to test-drive for a new vehicle, I hadn't even considered the Malibu. A friend's father (who used to be a loyal Camry fan) suggested that I try out the Malibu before buying the Camry I had picked out. Wow! It quickly won me over! I got way more car for the money! I've had many people tell me it looks like a Lexus or other more expensive car. I'm very pleased with my purchase and glad I could buy something domestic and feel happy with the quality. Although I haven't had the car long, I've already been recommending it to all my friends.
This is an awesome car. It is quiet, has a comfy ride, and has a beautiful interior. I compared Accord, Camry, and Altima before buying the Malibu.
 I'm 59 years old and this is not my first new car but it is the best car I have ever purchased. Much more fun to drive then I expected. It's quick,quiet and smooth. 
I bought this car a few weeks ago. I like the sound the doors make when it is closed - feels snug and tight. The standard safety options are great: stability control, air bags everywhere (curtain, torso, and front), traction control / abs, and OnStar. The car is quiet, corners very well, and takes bumps in amazing fashion. It is stylish, the lines are nice and the wheels/times are too cool. The seats are comfortable. The 4 cylinder engine is plenty for me. I had a Honda Civic that I traded in during the purchase of the Malibu. This car is by far superior. The Malibu rides so smoothly that I steer to the bumps and you cannot feel a thing. The Malibu is quiet too. 
We have had this vehicle for about three weeks now and we are thoroughly pleased with the quiet interior, ride and all over appearence of the car. Had our first extended highway trip of approximately 200 miles and attained 30 miles per gallon, which was what I was hoping to get. If this car is as reliable as our 2005 Impala has been for the first 52,000 miles then Chevrolet has another winner. This will be the 12th Chevy that we have owned and I haven't had a bad one yet even the ones we've kept for 14 years or 200,000 miles on the remainder.
Quiet, comfortable, and fun to drive. Good fuel economy without performance sacrifice. The General is back!
This is a cool mom's car. I bought one for my wife for Christmas and she loves it. The car is definitely a head turner. With all the features for the price this car is hard to beat!
The ride of this vehicle is amazing compared to some of the other midsizes that I test drove. The 4 cyl has enough power to get on the highway and doesn't feel like it is struggling to keep up. The interior is extremely quiet and has plenty of room. There are so many compartments that keep your things secure and out of sight. For as little as I paid it compared favorably to cars that were thousands of dollars more but I didnt feel like I was getting any return on my money.
My new 2008 Malibu 2LT with the 3.6L V-6 is truly a standard-bearer for GM. I was not considering purchasing a domestic car until driving this amazing automobile. This car boasts 252 h.p. coupled with a versatile six-speed automatic that has quick, sure shifts and propels you quickly from zero to sixty. I've owned Nissan's and Honda's and this is just as solid with marked improvement in quality control, performance and materials. My wife has a BMW X-3 and 525-I and this car compares favorably to those vehicles which are twice the price. I love the XM and OnStar which only adds to the incredible value in this sports sedan. Chevy hits a home-run and levels the paying field.
Test drove the lt1 and found it to be a fantastic deal with only one flaw. The electric steering on this car is not right. It seems to over steer for every correction the driver makes and thus creating a constant moving of the wheel to keep a straight line. The electric steering definitely needs some fixing here and I doubt that gm is going to jump on that for this model. Best bet is to get the v6 with the standard hydro steering. 
Many of us have been waiting for an American car that is built with quality craftsmanship, superior performance, and smart styling. Be assured that the day has arrived- the Malibu is the real deal. I traded my '01 VW "New" Passat, and while I loved that car, it became very expenisve to maintain and was less than reliable. This car handles very similar (may even be better), has 60 more horsepower, and has similar quality feel and smart styling- all for +$2,000 less than I paid for my VW 7 years ago!! This car has lively acceleration, is very comfortable and quiet, and handles extremely well. Couple that with very smart, modern styling, an afordable price and you have a mid-size leader!
I did a great deal of research on several makes and models. I was able to load up the Malibu for thousands of dollars less than what I would have paid for the Altima, Accord or Camry. I feel like I have plenty of room for my family of 5. I was amazed at how much leg room there is in the back seat. I wouldn't hesitate putting 2 adults in the back seat. I waited for the Mailibu to hit the show room floor before I orded one. I wanted to make sure the quality of the interior met my expectation. I was concered that the low sticker price meant low quality. I was very impressed with the quality and ordered the car right away. 
We had to order the specific car we wanted since none of the nearby dealers had an LTZ in Amber Bronze. It took only 4 weeks for the car to arrive and even though we have only put a few hundred miles on the vehicle, we absolutely love it. The cabin is so quiet and the ride so smooth that I can't believe we are in a mid sized car. If this car is as reliable as my 2005 Impala, which has 53,000 miles and has never had a thing done to it, then we have made an excellent decision for our second car. I cannot judge the fuel economy yet as I have not had a chance to put it on the road for an extended drive. This will happen though in January when we will take it to Miami.
Love cars but not an "autophile". Was surprised by materials and fit/finish of the interior/exterior on Malibu; quality materials well executed. Drove 200 miles first day; city, freeway, ortega highway at night; satisfied with ride, handling and power. Ride is quieter than expected, more power than expected and more oversteer/pitch/roll than expected. It's no BMW but neither is the msrp. To me the int/ext looks better than Accord but not Mercedes. The ride/handling compare to Accord but not Merc. Quality seems as good or better than both. I'm amazed with Malibu for the price..10k less cash but not car compared to Merc. 
The 250hp feels great. It can get out of its own way. I love the TAP shift. It is lots of fun. I am getting around 20.5mpg with a good mix of highway and stop and go. (My lead foot does not help) When I get a little crazy it gets into the 18mpg range. It holds the road well in the rain and it did well last week in a dusting of snow. Curious to see how it does in a good snow storm. From what I have read the Goodyear tires were not rated well for snow. Fit and finish are great. The car is quiet. I have driven with the radio off and had it around 100 and was amazed at how quiet it is inside. Acceleration and passing at highway speed is very good even in automatic. 
Over the past 15 months, I went from a 2004 Honda Accord coupe to a 2007 Chevy Tahoe to the 2008 Malibu. I loved my Tahoe, but with gas prices at $3 + I couldn't afford the 11 mpg I was averaging for much longer. I traded it for the Malibu and although I miss the room in the Tahoe, the Malibu certainly provides all that I need with an 8-year-old son and a 5-month-old daughter. Great handling, nice smooth ride, and really nice looking straight from the factory. So far I am extremely pleased with my decision to trade the "hoe" in for the "bu", if anything changes, I'll be sure to update you! Happy Holidays!
Interior is novel, only seen in very high cost vehicles. Can hold 4, 230lbs adults comfortably with leg room in rear seating. Exterior is extremly sharp, excellent paint and tight seems. Windows developed to reduce cabin noise. Exterior lights very attractive and new. Doors shut with good sound meaning well built. Blinkers built into front fenders for warning other vehicle on road of lane changes and turns. Air bags in sides of car a plus for my 16 year old driver. Plus extra steel cage built into cage of vehicle. Probably built safer than any car at or near it's price range. 17inch wheels make this car look sharp.
A great American Car, I own a feed store in Cullman, Al. This is my first new Chevy purchase, I looked at Pontiac, Ford, Toyota, Honda, and Nissan, as a buyer this was the most bang for the buck. What a great car for the money. It is stylish and fun to drive and gets better fuel economy than that big ole 1996 Cadillac I traded in. Chevy and GM got this one right. Good value for your dollar! 
The 2008 Malibu really should have been renamed to Mali-Benz. I love everything about this car inside and out. It looks great, drives great and the price is great. I usually trade cars every 2 to 3 years, but I don't think I'm going to want to give this one up ever. 
Best American car that has come out in years. I have owned a lot of Japenese cars, and this Malibu surpasses them all. GM really has it going on with the style. I have been following this car on the internet for almost a year and it really has lived up to all of the hype and the reviews. It seems to be a well thought out and well crafted car. Seems solid, looks good and does not feel cheap and plasticky like American cars of the past. Took alot of homework on my part to buy this car, and I am glad that I did! Proud to say now, that I am glad that I bought American! Way to go, GM!
Absolutely the best car I've ever owned! Great style, fuel economy, interior is flawless! Those foreign cars just got beat with a world class automobile! It's so quiet inside traveling down the highway and the stereo is fantastic. What a way to travel!
I cannot say enough good things about this car. I traded in my 03 Camry and was impressed from the minute I climbed in for a test drive.Comfotable, Fun to drive, attention getting family sedan. A must see vehicle for anyone in the market.
This is a great car. In the past I have been very sceptical about american vehicles. I have been a loyal Toyota Camry owner for many years. This car won me over. The fuel economy on the sticker states 17 city 26 hwy. I got 36 hwy at 65 mph with the a/c on for 70 miles. I got 27 hwy at 80 mph.
It's a great car and I would honestly consider it better than my wife's 2007 Honda Accord. Although the Accord is faste it's a v6, the interior of the Chevy isn't quite as nice as the accord but it's better than my previous Toyota Avalon 
We have been looking for a midsize car for some time now and thought we would wait after I saw the 08 Malibu. We looked at Toyota, Honda & Ford and after driving the Malibu we were sold. So far with only a few hundred miles on it and a tank of gas we averaged in mix driving 27mpg! Great for being new, hope to get better. Interior room is very good and trunk is large. Planning a trip to Florida in the spring and I think the Malibu will be coming along. If you are looking for a new vehicle you must put the Malibu on your list and you won't be disappointed.
I work for a fleet leasing company and have driven many domestic and foreign vehicles.In most cases the Japanese vehicles out drive and out last most domestic vehicles.In recent years I've seen Ford put together some quality products Fusion, Taurus. Now GM is following suit with the new Malibu. Build quility is definitely above the Camry and design is also well ahead of most competition.If one thing stands out it's how quiet the cabin is. The 6 cylinder engine is smooth and powerful and the paddle shifters work well holding gears without the kicking down in most cases.Interior room is good still a little smaller inside than Fusion or Camry however much nicer layout. All and all nice car
I can't believe that I bought a Chevy vehicle! I used to own a Camry; however, as long as GM continues to build quality cars like the Malibu I will continue to buy Chevrolets. The styling and handling of this car doesn't compare to anything else I have driven. This car is far superior in all aspects and a great value as well. This car looks and drives like a $40,000 vehicle. I have had several people come up to me to ask me about the car and I love it!
We have been waiting for a sporty and roomy sedan like the '08 Malibu. Just purchased recently and we are very pleased so far. It has the largest rear legroom we have seen so far in it's class. Even more than the Impala due to the way the front seats are constructed with an indentation in the back of the seat. Very quiet interior. We went with the 4cyl instead of the 6, but it has a surprising amount of power. Excellent trunk space and if you do need more room there is a 60/40 fold down rear seat. Vehicle handling is decent and it is a relatively smooth ride. The new interior and exterior styling is what stands out for me. Chevy did a great job with that.
Chevy has done a great job in the redesign of the Malibu. The Malibu has lots of room for tall folks, I stand at 6'5" and can stretch my legs out sitting in the drivers seat. The telescoping steering column allows me to see the console, a great plus. The gas mileage is great, I am getting 34.5 mpg on the highway. It drives smoothly, is much more quiet than many other auto brands in the midsize class. The LS has a 4 cyl. that does great with acceleration. I purchased the vehicle at 30,000 miles, and it still looks great. No paint chips or fading. I would recommend this for anyone looking at midsize vehicles. 
I bought a used 08 ltz, 6cyl with 21k. I like the look and the fit and finish of the interior with leather. The ride is impressive for a medium size car. The car handles well and the 6cyl pulls very good when asked to perform. I have put 5k miles on it and avg 25.5 mpg with a combination of city and highway driving. Overall I am very impressed with the car and only have two small complaints. One the roof line is very low and getting in and out you have to keep your head down (I am 6ft 1). Two when really pushing down hard on the gas the tires feel like they are in a groove and pull no matter what type of surface your on. Chevy has a winner in the malibu and there are no disappointments. 
Highway mileage is more like 27mpg than 30mpg that was posted on the sticker. I tested this accurately as I could possibly do but never came close to 30mpg. The power steering went out on mine the 1st week. Also the seats are not very comfortable, I had leather and still not comfortable.
I like the amenities of the LTZ and especially the performance and fuel mileage of the 4 cylinder, 6 speed transmission. It's now 1 year and 9,500 miles old. My driving is stop and go in town and freeway around metroplex. The red jewel exterior turns heads everywhere and it has performed flawlessly. It's a great little car and one Chevrolet should be proud of. 
My malibu LS has been a decent car. Not a horsepower machine or a handling dream, but it gets good mpg and has been reliable. The quietness of the ride is exceptional; virtually no wind noise. Still trying to get used to the four cylinder engine...first one I have ever owned.
I bought this car new in April 2008. This is my second Malibu-the other was a 2004 LT. This one is far superior to the 2004. I enjoy driving the car and have had no problems yet. I can't understand why anyone 5'4" would have problems seeing to drive the car-I'm 5'4" and see just fine. The car handles fine on the highway and in the city as well. I will recommend this car to anyone. No car is perfect, but Chevy got this one right. 
Awesome car! I have the LT with the V6 and wheels from the Impala SS in Black Granite with Charcoal leather/suede interior. Engine is really powerful and ride is really nice. I just love the exterior, color is so pretty in the sun, and it looks like no other car. Interior is really nice too, love the dash layout. Very comfortable seats and extremely quiet. When idle, you can't tell the engine's running. I was going to get the LTZ but couldn't stand the two-tone interior. LT came with everything I wanted and was cheaper anyway. Overall, I love this car and it has a lot of features that are optional and/or cost extra on other cars like the heated seats and remote start.
I saw this car and fell in love. It looks good, has lots of nice features and is fun to drive. The build quality however, is HORRIBLE. Here is a summary of all the warranty work: I've had the rotors machined 3 times, a new set of brake pads, bottom joints rusted - body shopped and re-rust proofed, drivers door rusted - body shopped and repainted, headlight filled with water - replaced, then came out of position and had to go in AGAIN, transmission seal leak - replaced, my passenger side heated seat has had 2 switches and a relay put in it, and it STILL is not fixed! It turns on whenever it wants. Steering column is now separating, remote start makes horrid knocking sound
I had abandoned Chevy in 2001, having back to back Nissans (Maxima & Altima) until 2008, when I was lured back to Chevy with heavy incentives. "The Car You Can't Ignore" ads were on every 5 minutes. The car was fun at first, but I swear it gets less responsive the more I drive it. Acceleration is reluctant, and steering is stiffer than when new. Just found out the steering gear is failing at only 16K miles. Rear seat doesn't latch properly, and if you stare at the sheet metal too hard, you can dent it with sheer will-power. (how did I get a door-ding on the roof?) No tactile response on the center stack; you have to take your eyes off the road to operate heater/radio. I tried, GM/Chevy......
Extremely poor visibility when backing due to limited window area and wide rear roof pillars. Center console had poor fit due to popping clips. Entire console had to be replaced. Steering at high speeds is very tight, causing light drifting. Rear folding seats don't go down flat enough for proper storage, and trunk height is too low. Pleasing body style and good paint quality. 
This is my 3rd Malibu '66,'71,'08. People keep asking me "is that the new Malibu?" Chevy's unlimited ad budget must be working. Nothing but compliments on its looks. I had a choice for a lease car between a Pontiac G6 & the Malibu. I never have ordered a car without driving one first much less without seeing it. Boy am I glad I chose the Malibu sight unseen. Since it is a lease vehicle my company speced it out with the 3.5Lt.V6 , 4 Speed auto & hydraulic steering (can't get it this way "retail"). It looks great, rides great & drives great.
I have had this car for 4 months and love it. The body styling and wheels, along with tinted windows, give it a sporty look that I appreciate. The ride is smooth, quiet, and the engine cruises at 70 without thinking. Watch your speed as you have plenty of power with the 6 cylinder. Heated leather seats are worth the money. Get them! Averaging 24 mpg on urban commute (40 miles round trip). Sound system is only downside as it sounds like a 'stock' radio, while rest of car says "premium." Small antenna also often can't keep weak FM signals. Have also noticed transmission hesitates for split second if step on it to merge. Takes getting used to, but then you are traveling 70 mph. 
I've had my Malibu about 7 months, unable to see past the passenger side mirror and door frame (with a Pillow). I knew I would have this problem when I bought it just thought I needed a pillow. Well after forcing my self to drive the car (all of the 9 times that I have), I almost hit some one every time. I do love the car I just cannot see. Because of this safety hazard, I am unsatisfied with this car. My husband is the only person that drives it, unless I have to run around the corner or something and it?s blocking my truck. I drive my old XL7. I cannot trade the car, I will be upside down $8000.00 just stuck with a cute car that?s just Cute to me. Do not buy if your 5'4 and under
Have been driving this car for over a year now. Love it completely. Considering its weight against Camry and Accord, the gas mileage is super at both highway and local. The body style is stunning. When I was waiting for green, I got people on the next lane complimenting the car several times. The interior is better than Japanese cars also, in my opinion. Options are cheaper too. Engine is from Europe, very reliable. Car runs very smooth after a year. The only complaint I have is the trunk entry is a little bit narrow. I can not even put my laundry basket in.
Okay, if you have two kids then you need a larger vehicle. The trunk is deep but not high enough to get a double stroller in and out and it takes up half of the trunk. In fact you can't get much in due to the height of the trunk :( The shiny trim blinds you when the sun hits it. The mileage has not been great and have never got more than 26 mpg. As far as the paint job, it's poor! I have several factory runs. Chevrolet let that one slip through the factory. Are they sleeping on the job? 
I bought this car about 4 months ago and I love it! The overall quality of the car is great. I could not ask for a better car. Great on gas, sleek design, roomy and comfy. Could not ask for a better car
I've had my Malibu LT2 for about 4 months now. I am very pleased with the car, even with the 4 banger it still is able to get up and run if i ever need it and for the gas mileage I get 30-31 highway and 26-27 mix with about 60% highway. The leather seats with the suede fabric in the middle is what sold me on the car. It is silly luxury for a car at this price. I also love the hvac and stereo controls. They look good and are very easy to understand and use. I recently had someone try to break into my car by going through the driver side front window and they were not able to break their way through the laminated glass! 
Have had the Malibu for about 6 months and 6000 miles. Wife & I use the car mostly on weekends & road trips. We both love the car because of the exterior and interior styling, and performance of the V6. Average fuel economy for all of my driving to date is 26+ MPG. Car color is Sandstone Metallic plus I have a pin strip down the sides. My LTZ draws attention from people driving much more expensive vehicles. The headlights are the best of any vehicle I've owned as the light is widespread evenly (not lumpy lights). We've enjoyed the remote start a few times this winter. No problems.
The car has just passed 13,000k's and started with a transmission problem (4 speed tranny). The revs jump up and down as many as 400 rpm when crusing regardless if your using cruse control or not. The dealership say they can't find anything wrong!! Also, the dash lights have a bad habbit of going out on a frequent basis, completley blacking out the instrument panal. Is there a recognized modification or repair for the tranny issue? Is there a lemon law in Canada?
My wife and I have only owned our 2008 Malibu LTZ for a couple of months, but from what we have seen so far it is the nicest car we have ever owned. Being the top of the line Malibu, it has all kinds of neat features and so far they all work flawlessly. The car has great acceleration and takes the curves like it is glued to the road. It also gets great highway mileage. I topped off the tank until gas was at the top of the filler tube, drove 92 miles and topped it off again with only 2.8 gallons. That equates to about 32 mpg which is 6 mpg higher than the 26 mpg rating. The 92 mile trip was 95 percent freeway with the cruise set at 70 mph. This car also gets lots of looks!
I am thrilled with my Malibu LT. I got bored easily with Accord, Toyotas, Jetta, etc. Malibu is an excellent traveling car - rides securely, corners great; no bobble-head ride like in the 2009 Corolla XLE (same price!). It is quiet, with an excellent stereo (you can enjoy dance music) and cold A/C - not like the weak A/C on many cars. When I needed to tow a U-Haul, I bought a hitch and wiring for my Malibu - it's a secure and stable tower. That is because Malibu is a stout, well-engineered vehicle that has the extra braking strength, and suspension capability built-in. The interior looks more expensive than it is - same outside. I couldn't find a better sedan for the money. Pittsburgh won the 2009 Super Bowl - could they be better? The Malibu is a seriously great car. My family and friends like it too - even though they drive Nissan Altima, 3 series BMW, and Cadillac CTS. Did I mention the fuel mileage is good? Hint: Premium perks it up if you're in the mood.
When car reached around ten thousand miles it developed a problem with the transmission.When you try to maintain speed from forty miles per hour or higher the torque converter feels like it is engaging and disengaging from drive to overdrive continuously.The tach jumps about three or four hundred rpm up and down.You take your foot off the gas pedal for a second and then resume maintaning your speed and the problem goes away for a few miles if your lucky.The service manager at the dealership we bought the car from says this is normal.I don't know how anybody can say that is normal.Don't get me wrong my wife and I like the car except for the transmission issue.
I have really hesitated in buying a Chevrolet again. For the past 11 years I have bought imports because of what Chevrolet was making (Cavalier, Beretta, etc.). I have been needing a car to replace my Mazda. I first naturally started with a Mazda 3, which had looked good in the past. This car was gutless and did not really get great mileage. I also tried some of the other imports and was still not impressed. I finally tried the Chevrolet Malibu and I liked how it felt. The fit and finish was nice, the ride was not harsh and not too soft. I really enjoyed the stereo and the steering wheel controls. I am a finally proud to own a Chevrolet again!
Great car, I love driving it, quite and smooth. I have a 2LT w/3.6L, 18" wheels. This car has a lot of power and can really go fast. The interior is beautiful with the lighted door handles, easy to read dash, superior design, comfortable leather seats. I checked out and drove the Camry and the Impala before buying the Malibu and the others did not even come close.
Ater now owning the Malibu for a year now. I do not regret buying it. Have not had any problems with car with about 27k miles it has been 100% reliable. However still feel for a sport enthusiast a hp rating of 270 would be more than suffice. You will not be disappointed in the least. Handling is great very quiet and comfortable ride. 
I bought LS model, but it has a 3.6L 6cyl motor and 17" wheels. It has good fuel economy (29-32 mil/gal) I like the interior design and the car is so quite inside and it has a great sound system. Some people told me the Malibu looks like an Acura, but you don't have to pay too much for the Malibu.
I Traded in 2004 Equinox for my Ltz Malibu this car is fast, fun and a big looker. I have white with brown/ tan nice combo, Seats are great fitting like a race car, driving in corners amazing on the grip. Not too good in snow unless you drive with manual. If I lived in a very snowy area I may have not purchased. But New England snow not too bad. Overall I love this car. It feels sturdy and safe and that's very imprtant
This is my 4th Malibu. By far this is the best. First, the V6 offers up power and speed like no other (watch it). Its cockpit feel wraps you into the car. The dashboard layout and lighting is very cool. Very quiet and smooth ride. Everything is at your finger tips. The look is very impressive. I tried the Camry earlier in the year and it did not come close, especially the ride. The in and out of the seats is a bit hard, but once you're in, get ready for the ride. This is the best Malibu yet, a lot of rights, a little tweaking maybe needed. 
Because I have four children I have driven a van for the last 25 years and I was looking for something like a Camry or Accord. The dealership owner, a friend of mine, knew I was looking and he delivered this car to my driveway. After test driving this car on the highway I fell in love with it. I look forward to driving it everyday. I love its pickup and go, I love the XM radio, the moon roof, the OnStar, the look and feel of the car. It is a very quiet, smooth ride and gets average of 33mpg. It makes this grandmother feel young again. 
It's been a year since I got my Malibu. Overall a good car but sluggish on highways, very uninspiring, gets the job done without fanfare. Chassis is very long making it a pain to park in tight areas. Blind spot on passengers side, love the XM radio, hate the OnStar stuff that comes with the vehicle. Never use it or need! Very quiet on road, fan loud, AC/defrost/heater great. Difficult to back up, can't see how close you are to objects behind. For the money a good buy for a family of 4. It's not my kind of car but at the time it was the only thing I could get and I did not make a bad choice, all and all. 
I've owned the new Malibu for a full year now and I am still completely satisfied. Drives great, looks great and I have not found anything I don't love about it. The interior is awesome and the ride is very smooth. A year later and I still look forward to driving this car everyday. I don't think I have ever been this satified with a purchase. Definitely worth every dime I paid for it and then some.
15,000 miles & 1 year later with zero problems with this car. I have not even been back to the dealer since the purchase. This car is very quiet. I get 28 city and 36 highway, I am light on the gas and rarely travel above 70mph when on the highway. Love the interior and exterior. Great car.
I bought this car over the Camry, Accord and Sonata because it moved better than the Camry, was more comfortable than the Accord and because I believe Chevrolet is more reliable than Hyundai. I am most impressed with how quiet this car is. Tire/road noise is less than Honda. This car comes standard with many options and the GM 6 cylinder engine is a very reliable engine making this car an excellent choice for a mid sized family car.
We just traded the van in for an 08 LTZ, Spring Package Malibu. For its class, this is one nice ride. The mating of the Spring Package 4 cylinder to the 6 speed tranny gives the light car plenty of pep and almost as much MPG as one of those compact jobies. If you have to have 0 to 60 in under 5 seconds, then go pay for it in a class that costs a lot more. Beating the guy beside you away from the toll plaza is fun, but over rated. We could have purchased a vehicle in the class above the Malibu, but for what my family finds appealing, it wasn't worth the 20k plus difference. In this class, this car has the nicest exterior lines, smooth acceleration, and very appealing interior luster. 
I really wanted to own a car that was a practical family sedan but had the look and feel of something more. This car is fun to drive. It is quiet, comfortable and feels so solid. We have the LTZ V6 and it really doesn't lack any power.This car replaced a Chrysler 300M and I really don't notice a drop in quickness and power. I do notice this car handles very well and if you are not careful you will be speeding constantly. You really don't notice the road noise or engine rev. This car is really loaded with options for the price.
My first "new" car ever! I'm 50 years old and I've always owned trucks, but I was stopped dead in my tracks when I saw the redesigned Malibu. I am without doubt completely impressed. Solid, functional and very beautifully designed. The V-6 is smooth with plently of torque and I like the throaty sound of the V-6. The 6-speed tranny is fantastic. The ride is quiet and the road manners are excellent. The interior is beautiful. I have the black interior with the faux wood trim and it's everything and more. I find the fit-n-finish to be better than I expected. I'm hoping I'll have an positive update in 6 months, but for now, this is the best car for the money, period!
I really like the and love all the gadgets that it came with. This interior lighting is rather nice as is the maintenance display information.
Have owned the Malibu for 10 months and 12,000 miles and have loved almost every minute. Very comfortable ride, very good mileage, excellent interior and awesome deluxe sound system. Truly the best car that I have ever purchased. Only concern is the electric power steering, which started jerking and acting eratic at about 10,000 miles while on an extended 2,500 mile trip. It took 2 trips to dealer to get steering problem corrected. Hopefully this is an isolated problem and not a reoccuring problem similar to earlier Malibu's with electric steering problems. 
We've had the Malibu 3 months and a couple of thousand miles for two medium trips and a lot of city driving. Comfortable and quiet and smooth but not as quiet or smooth as the LT we tested at the same time. I think it's the tires - LTZ sportier but if an absolutely smooth quiet cruiser is what you want, I'd recommend the LT. Mileage isn't great but is what it said we'd get. 17 city upper 20's on highway (at mostly 80) 
Got the LT2 with 6 cylinder/6A about a week ago so far a great vehicle. 500 miles since having it. A lot of car for the money. Hopefully will be reliable in the future. Great looks, nice interior, amb lighting is nice touch at night, seats could use more side support, trunk is huge but opening is way to small...can't fit double stroller into trunk, radio could use more power. OnStar is OK, engine smooth. 6A transmission jumpy in stop and go Boston traffic. Heated seats are great but buttons hard to find, remote start nice feature, great looking car, love the adjustable pedals for wife, plenty of room in front for myself, 6'4, 220lbs, back seat plenty of room for 2 car seats. Time will tell.
We'd been thinking of getting a family-friendly sedan, and when our tiny convertible was totalled in an accident, we settled on the base 4-cyl 2008 Malibu. The pick-up in the Malibu is not that great (but keep in mind, we got the 4-cyl!), but the fuel economy more than makes up for it. We've been averaging over 30 mpg, combined highway and city (about 50/50), and we easily get 35 mpg on the highway. The car is fairly comfortable. It's not the sexiest car in the world, but for the money, it's a bargain. I would definitely buy another.
I have a silver 2LT 3.6L and I absolutely love the car. The 18" wheels give it a very strong presence and the V6 / 6-speed combo is like butter. Stepping into the interior is almost like stepping into an Audi, the interior is beautiful and thoughtful storage and nice-to-touch materials make complete the package. So nice to stand out from the 100s of Camrys / Accords everywhere. People who sit in it can't believe it's a Malibu.
I have about 2500 miles on the car now. Just returned from a 1400 mile road trip. Trip computer said 32.8 mpg Actual 33.2 mpg. Mostly hwy driving between 65 and 70 mph. I like everything about the car except for the following. Keep in mind I traded in a 2003 Accord. The 6 spd. tranny shifts smoothly 90 percent of the time. It jerks unpredictably the other 10 pct. Once the motor even raced between gears! I will be taking it in to the dealer for this. There is a definite color mismatch between the bumpers and body. I will probably live with it because I don't want to risk paint problems
My husband and I love this car. We just can't quit smiling when we drive it. It is quiet. It also rides extremely smooth. It is perfect. It is an LTZ 6 cylinder. Driving home from the dealership we got 27 on the highway. It is roomy. Love the radio. The neighbors thought I had purchased a BMW. Best of all my sister is jealous. 
We purchased the 6 cyl. LTZ 3 months ago. As of now we have 2100 miles on it and get 23 mpg around town. On a recent trip we got 30 mpg. I find it very comfortable to drive. I drove for over 8 hours on our trip and wasn't a bit tired. My wife thinks the seats are a bit too hard but I think they are OK. The initial quality of this car has been outstanding. I hope it lasts as long as our 1986 Olds 98 did (22 years).
I purchased my Malibu less than 1 month ago (I have the 2LT w/ the 6cyl 6spd). I am disappointed only in 2 things. I previously owned an 02 MonteCarlo SS and loved it. My Malibu has a lot of the same luxury features. The 1st thing is the fuel economy, much less than advertised & less than my SS(though still early - only gone thru 2.5 tanks/gas) and I'm still learning how it drives compared to my Monte. The 2nd annoying thing is the cruise control. Monte had such smooth cruise control, going up and down hills, Malibu is a little obnoxious when the cruise is engaged (revvs up loudly when adjusting speeds uphill- again, it's early.
The styling of the car is impressive as it has the lines of a much more expensive car. The ride has been disappointing. Very bumpy and not driver friendly at highway speeds. I was willing to overlook the firm ride if highway stability was solid but that's just not the case. The transmission has a tendency to shift up at low RPM (1K-2K) leaving normal acceleration feeling tired. Although, the 6cyl is very responsive if you step on it or use the paddle shifter instead. 
What an exciting car! Not only did the Malibu catch my eye on the road, I couldn't resist owning one after I saw it. Only a couple hundred miles so far. Can't wait for my first road trip.
I just bought a LTZ and I love it! I like the sporty look and feel of the car. The interior is great and the features that come with the LTZ is excellent. I will put my LTZ up agaist a Honda or Camry anytime.
The gas mileage is what makes me disappointed. I only get 15 mpg in city and about 18 on the highway. This is nowhere close to what the advertised mileage is on this car. The plastic interior is misaligned as well on the door frame. 
I just bought my 2008 Malibu, it is a 2LT with 2.4L and 4-spd auto. It is a great car, best ride and handling of a midsize car I have been in. Bought with GM's employee pricing for everyone deal, and saved about $2500 of sticker price. The interior and exterior design of this car are very classy, and look more expensive then it really was.
I have a bad back. I tried out 19 cars before I found the Malibu LTZ and comfort for my poor sacroiliac. The car is wonderful! Not only does it feel good, it performs beautifully. So far the mileage is good - about 20 around town, 26 on the highway. I expect it to get better. The car is gorgeous on the outside. The color choice for the inside is strange. I would have preferred a gray or white interior, but the black with brick (which was all that was available with the color I chose - golden pewter) is okay. Only negative is that there is no place to put a trash bucket. Otherwise the car is a dream and I love it.
I love my new Chevy Malibu. I cannot believe how well built it is. I've always been a Chevy driver and have never been disappointed but, man, Chevy outdid themselves with this vehicle. I wouldn't even think about buying an Accord or Camry. The Malibu LTZ feels and looks like it costs at least $10- $20,000 above what I paid for it. Well done Chevy! 
I traded my Ford F150 for this car. It hurt but the mileage on the truck was bad compared to how I used it. I used it as a car and hauled very little. I get 19 /21 in town w/the Malibu, that includes the 1000' of altitude I gain or loose on the 4 mile trip to town. The Malibu is the first car I have owned in many years. I have had no problems so far. Miss my truck but at this point would not want to get rid of the Malibu. 
GM has finally turned it around. The Malibu is once again a great car to own. It rides quiet, the interior is great, and the 4 cylinder engine with the 6 speed auto has great power! I test drove the Camry, Accord, and Maxima and found that the Malibu blew all of them out of the water!
This Malibu is without a doubt a pleasure to own and drive. My wife and I currently own a 2005 BMW 3 series and 2005 Lexus IS and purchased the Malibu as a third car after test driving a Honda and Toyota, which did not measure up to the Malibu's looks, design, and quality. We receive more stares and compliments on the Malibu than from our other cars. Did I say better fuel economy too! This Malibu has now become our "first car".
I was looking to get a safe car (we have a 1 year old) to replace my 95 Jeep. I am 6'3", so the telescopic steering column and moveable foot pedals are a huge plus (I even needed to move the seat forward a bit). The V- 4 is quite powerful, and very quiet. The included features on the 2LT for the price gave me reverse sticker shock. I only went for the optional sunroof and premium floor mats.
I have always been a Chevy lover, but have recently owned a Ford. I research every big purchase to death. Once I sat in the car, I fell in love with it. This is coming from a guy used to driving pickups. It gets great feul milage and is very confortable for long trips. It is extremly quiet. I get comments all the time on it.
I just bought my 2008 Malibu LTZ in June of this year. I just hit 1500 miles on it. It has been an awesome car so far. I got it in black granite with the coco cashmere interior. This car looks so sleek. I test drove the Accord V6 and Camry XLE and SE. I had no intension of buying a Chevy but with my last car being a Camaro and it having been reliable for the 9 years I had it I figured I would give a Chevy a test drive at the least. The car certainly kills its competitors as far as appearance. It handled better than the accord and camry and the Malibu LTZ was over 4 grand cheaper than a similarly equipped Camry or Accord. Driving down the road I don't feel like Camry #9999 
This is a great car. I love the 2- tone cocoa/cashmire interior and the ambient lighting. The car handles the curvey New England roads extremely well and I averaged 36 MPG on my first long road trip! XM radio is great, although I probably won't renew the subscription after the free trial. I love the clean lines on the exterior and the dual-cockpit design on the interior. The interior is extremely quiet and the build quality is on par with anything else in it's class. The trunk is large enough to hold my golf clubs and ice hockey bag and still have some room to squeeze stuff in. If you are looking for a great car in this segment you should definitely check out the Malibu.
Excellent car for the money. Chose it over the Accord and Camry due to styling and performance. It is a very quiet car with the insulation and laminated glass that GM incorporates into these cars. Test ride one and you will be surprised on far GM has come in terms of quality and style. Being a prior Quality Assurance specialist in the defense industry I can attest to the quality built into this vehicle.
I bought this car to get out from under a Chevy truck. It was the best deal I could get at the time. I not a big fan of American cars, but the Malibu has surprised me. I get very good gas mpg, around 25 city and 33hy. Very quiet for a car under 21K. It has all the things you see in Toyoya, Honda, Nissan, etc. It's a mid size car but gets Honda cCvic gas mpg and is very quiet unlike the Honda. Toys are a different matter. I think they are a little better but this is subjective. I ride in both models (Malibu/Camry). Car fan is loud when set on 3 or higher. AC is OK, not great but gets the job done. I've had better. It takes a litte time to get use to but overall a good value for the money.
I bought the new 2008 Malibu off the showroom and was pleased with all the extras. Heated seats, elect driver's seat, OnStar for the year. It works. A cell phone built in. I've never had so many options that I really like. Very comfortable ride. Something bad, the whole steering column and its motor had to be replaced. Very odd. Doesn't give me a good feeling. 
Just bought the Malibu LT2 and love it! The interior is classy. The exterior isn't as boxy as prior models. Love the interior lighting. The sound system is good and I'm enjoying the XM radio. The amount of trunk space is incredible. I really love this car.
In response to gas prices I traded my beloved F150 for a 2008 Malibu 1LT. I had been looking for a few months & was contemplating an Equinox. In the end it came down to better mileage for the Malibu. After living with the car for a month I have two complaints. I'm 6'1". weigh 230 and am 74 years old. In and out of the drivers seat is a bit of a grunt. Also while the trunk is large the lid is really small. Other than that it is a very good machine. Seats & drivers position are good. The interior seems well laid out. Everything works as it should (only 1000 miles). I do like the fold down rear seats. Makes packing for a vacation (we don't leave much home) easy. It is very quiet.
The Malibu is awesome! The interior feels good and look refined. The 4 cyl gets great gas mileage and has good pickup. I would recommend the Malibu over the Camry or the Accord. 
For 22 grand, they have really provided a dynamite vehicle. I hope this did not come too late for GM. Would be a total shame for this car to be brought down by the overall company and economy. Honestly this vehicle rides every bit as good as a BMW with double the sticker shock. I would be extremely nervous in Germany over the quality and fair price of this car. We do not miss our Mercedes SUV not one bit. Dear Lord why did it take GM so long to build a car this solid?
My 2008 LTZ is fun to drive, I am getting almost 29 miles to the gallon on the highway. Handles like a sports car, a lot of car for the money. All of my friends and relatives think it's a great looking car. The interior is very quiet, this is why I chose the Malibu over the new Accord.
Great car. I am enjoying the comfort and quiet. Gas mileage is almost 24 mpg. Scheduled to go in shop this week for alignment check and A/C check. The premium sound system with XM radio is great. Improvements listed below are mostly minor but add "creature comforts". 
Three weeks ago I bought a black 2LT with 3.6l V6 option. I drive 2 hours each way to/from work. I've already got 3,000 miles on it. I paid right about $23k, even with the bigger engine thanks to a $3,000 off coupon I got in the mail. I get 26mpg combined. If I ride it gently on the weekends I could get better, but that's usually when I have my fun. Instantaneous mpg is at 30mpg if I set cruise control on the highway! The ride is smooth and quiet, better than my dad's luxury import. For a mid-size sedan it gets an awful lot of looks and compliments. It doesn't quite satisfy my appetite for speed/style, but I'm not willing to pay for gas on a Mustang's V8. 
I am pleasantly suprised and bought the 2008 2LT model with reservations. However, I am delighted with this car and feel like I definitely got my money's worth from a Chevy. I have not had a GM for years because of the competition and decided to jump in after a test drive. I highly recommend this car for the money.
This is a very nice car, if GM had been building them like this all along, they wouldn't be in the mess they are in now. A comfortable ride, excellent fuel economy, my last trip at 61 mph I averaged 34 mpg and the 4cyl does quite well even with a full load of folks. Prior to my retirement I was averaging 26mpg in crappy Washington, DC commuter traffic, excellent! The interior is very classy and the outside is a head turner. This is the first vehicle I ever owned where people have stopped me and asked about the car. There was one slight flaw in the paint finish between two seams, we'll see if it causes a problem down the road.
The 2008 Malibu really should have been renamed to Mali-Benz. I love everything about this car inside and out. It looks great, drives great and the price is great. I usually trade cars every 2 to 3 years, but I don't think I'm going to want to give this one up ever. I wrote this same review within a month of purchasing this car and after owning it for almost 7 months now, I love this car even more now than I did when I first purchased it. I even enjoy washing it. Worth every dime I paid for it and then some. 
I was looking to buy a G35/G37, but received an additional $1500 incentive from GM. With the $2600 GM card rebate, I ended up buying the Malibu for around $23,000. The Infinity was a little better, but cost $15,000 more. The Malibu has a great interior, ride, performance, handling, build quality, and the reliablity should be good. Check out the Motortrend Car of the Year Award (Jan '08). It's almost as good as the $43,000 CTS and I think it should have won the COTY award. I recomend buying the LTZ model for a few thousand more. You get the 3.6 DOHC motor with the 6 speed auto and the nicer interior, wheels and other comforts. I am happy with the gas mileage of 21mpg mixed city and highway.
I have only had this car about a month, but I love it. Along with the Malibu, I test drove the Ford Fusion, Altima and Impala. The Malibu won me over by far. It rides and drives smoothly and quietly, much like a more expensive car. I purchased the LTZ model and it was well worth the extra price for the extras that you get. The two-toned leather interior is great, also I have the Dark Red exterior color. This color really sets off the chrome trim that the car has. Everywhere I go, people compliment my car. It also gets pretty good gas mileage. The first weekend that I had it we took a short road trip. It got about 28 mpg. Should get around 30 once it gets broken in good. 
The Malibu reminded me of the driving experience that I got out of my 97 Mitsubishi Diamante a car that was great bang for buck but over shadowed by the big names Lexus & Acura. However I don't believe this will happen with Malibu due to all the advertisement. The car gets lots of looks and people think it's a more expensive vehicle. Love the control you have of the car. I love power so it's not quite enough but for a person who isn't a car buff like myself it's more than plenty. I would buy another one. Tried to get my spouse to get one but they didn't want to have the same car. Car gets stated mpg, engine is quiet & took me awhile to get use to the smooth ride smoother than Accord.
I compared the new Malibu with the Camry and the G6. Hated the red lighting on the G6. The Malibu totally won out over the Camry. Better interior styling, better interior access to controls, and the coolest night blue lighting at the door handles and center down lighting. This car is very comfortable for me to drive (I'm 6'5"). Definitely not the old styling of past vehicles.
I just got this car about 3 weeks ago, and I absolutly love it. It's very quiet, has all the features I need and then some, and it's just a very fun car to drive. I do have a few small complaints about it though, such as the blind spots, the low beams, and you cant burn a tire! (although I don't think thats necessarily a bad thing) The car itself is beautiful and I am absolutly in love with the interior, especially the "ambient blue lighting" The gas mileage does leave me wanting more, but I am biased, my last car was a 99 Sunfire which got great mileage, but wasn't nearly as much car as this one is, so I guess it's an even trade. People have even come up to me and compliemented me on it!
After extensive research, I traded my 330ix for this behemoth. With less than 5000 miles on it, the transmission is sluggish, making me feel quite insecure and no longer able to drive so defensivly. I've been remanded to the right lane for ever. Forget the passing lanes. Acceleration on this monster is non existent unless you are accelerating 1mph per minute! I've been to the dealer and complained and all he does is check diagnostics, says the car is fine and I'm done. I shoulda got the Honda. Or the Toyota. Or the Mini Cooper. This car can't get out of its own way and I'm stuck for 36 more months. 
Overall, my Malibu LS is a great car. I just drove it from New England to New Orleans with no problems reported. The Malibu gets great highway mileage (30 mpg at 75 mph) but is dismal in the city. In normal city traffic with stop and go congestion, I am averaging only 18 mpg, a downright terrible number for a new midsize sedan. If you are planning on buying a Malibu LS mainly for the city, I recommend you test drive one first to see the mileage. Pickup on the highway is poor (especially when the vehicle is packed) but OK for normal driving. Just don't try to pass trucks on the interstate. Besides the city mileage and pickup, my only other complaint is the poor radio reception.
I'm very disappointed. I just purchased my 2008 LTZ with every option, has had to be towed twice, last time left me totaly stranded, nothing would work, including OnStar. Great looks but has had a replacement alternator, battery, and now waiting for a complete new wiring harness. 
I posted here previously, and now have 2 years on the truck. Only problem was a rattle in exhaust that happened in cold weather. GM replaced the converter and back tailpipe, the best warranty experience I have had. Leer canopy did not increase mileage, but still getting around 20 mpg highway, 18 town. General Ameritrac tires are poor at best. Drove truck on Alcan highway with full load, and it performed great. Love the steering and suspension even on a full load with 55mph tundra waves. Need posi-traction on slick surfaces such as snow, rain or loose gravel. Get it on the 2WD. Overall, this is the best truck I have owned. A great value. 
I was a little worried about the tires that came with it, but they held up surprisingly well a year later. Leather seating and comfort allows us to take lengthy trips exceeding 6 -9 hours without aches/pains.Initial flapping noise at 60 mph was found to be front windshield plastic trim. We got it replaced. Oh yeah, there is this little thing called GM driveline lash, where there is slop in the differential, between the ring and pinion gears, so you hear a clunk when starting forward after a stop. GM says its normal...I'll keep checking.
nice quiet ride. very smooth. we take the truck for family outings, while the suv sit in the garage. i've learned to drive easy to maximize mileage using afm, but would like it to stay in 4cyl at higher speeds/rpm. average is 17.1 on computer. had one problem with pass lock not locking/unlocking. it was fixed under warranty.
Truck is great, for those of you worried about MPG, i got to 13000 and finally started to see much Much better gas mileage. Very happy with the dealer, great looking truck, came with chrome bumper, fender,chrome rims, and its very sporty for a pick up, i love the 8 foot bed, as i can lay a full size queen mattress down in the bed flat. Haven t done any towing but have driven from Orlando to Nashville, and only stopped once, Didn't have any issues doing 65-75mph, just dont go above 75mph as the over drive starts to really hurt mpg. I get on average 400 miles a tank on 30 gallons, not to great or bad for a V6, i love my truck im 6'6 and i can fit in it just fine , GM is still a great company. 
Had a water leak in the cab due to improper vent installation from factory, lots of wiring issues from water damage, fuel mgt. system robs power and does improve mpg, truck averaged 18-21 mpg for the first 6-8 months. now averages 15.3 hwy with cruse set at 65mph, 13-14 overall. Previously had a 2004 with 5.3 engine that got 19mpg on hwy at 80,000 miles, 2004 was much stronger hauling hay and a boat, 2008 5.3 runs at 211-212 degrees. Seems too hot for just going down the road empty. I am not convinced GM has improved the truck over previous body style. rear bumper is nothing more than stamped sheet metal, very cheap,
After my first year in the new Silverado I can say I am very pleased. As this is a business truck and I spend a lot of time in it. the ride is fantastic. The 4x4 can't be beat. Great interior although it is lacking in cup holders and storage space. Only one problem so far and that is the stereo. Once the Serious radio was turned off I noticed the radio volume fluctuates horribly as the radio struggles to pick up the digital radio transmission. This is not due to the auto volume adjust option. Just poor radio design. It is so bad that if I don't have a CD to listen to, the radio is turned off. Wished it had a non-satellite radio. Back to dealership 3x on this issue.
The only negative comment i have about my 2008 silverado is that the front end of the truck has very little ground clearance for a 4 wheel drive vehicle. I bought a new dodge ram in 1999 and the chevrolet is far superior in quality.
I was a little disappointed in the fact that I have serious lack of options on this model, but after comparing other crew cab trucks for the same price I realize I have more. The Dodge Ram would have been my other choice, but I have some full sized kids to tote along with other work related items. Performance is decent the engine responds well in a pinch. The ride is smooth, only second to the Ford F-150 (and I've test driven all the competition). I've put 2500 miles on it in 2 weeks...and I have filled it up no less than 10 times...so the gas mileage stinks, but hey...it's a truck! 
I purchased two new GM vehicles in 2008, a Cadillac STS AWD and a Silverado 1500 LTZ 4WD. The quality of workmanship was the best I've every seen in my 62 years. 0 defects, good fitment, quality throughout. As good over better than any foreign car or truck I've every been exposed to. Thinks I, "They've finally got it right". 
I purchased this truck used with 17 k on it. In the 5 month I have had it it has been to the dlr 5 times and monday is #6. Trans leak,main seal,body molds,mpg,u-joints. It now only has 26k. I also am only getting 15 mpg. I love gm and must have just got a lemon. 
Absolutely love it! Got a great 2 year lease and within a few days I regretted that I had not bought it! VERY fun to drive - power, handling, comfortable, etc. A little bumpy in the back seat for the wife and kids but otherwise an awesome truck. 
Anyone else with a 08 chev silv. 1500 v6/4.3l reg cab 4x4 8 ft bed, have terrible gas mileage? I only have 3400 mi. On truck. Normal driving between city/hwy I get 10-11 mpg. Definitely not good!
My lease was up on my 06 Z-71 LT3 truck in October 08, so I decided to buy the new 08 for about $2500 more than it would have cost to buy the 06 off of the lease. Wow! What a huge difference a redesign can make. Same basic powertrain, but 5.3 now with flex fuel, same 4L60, but I am almost sure that GM has stopped using that junk rear end supplier that plagued the previous body truck. They claim the new truck is 146% stronger in the frame, and I would say that much and more. I like the Active Fuel Management, but it doesn't seem to work above 70, or on an incline of any sort whatsoever. Overall A+ 
I purchased this truck for its great looks and big bed. I have had many Chevy trucks in the past but this is the best by far. Drives like a big car and rides like one. Pulls a car trailer with a car on it like nothing is behind it, and it is the 4.3 v6. Love the rack steering. Wish it had a grab handle on the drivers side so I wouldn't have to grab the steering wheel to enter the cab. Don't care much for the black cloth on the seats. Shows my cat's hair.
I purchased the truck on Jan 5th, 09. Last day of the Red tag price. It has the heavy duty chrome grille with chrome mesh, chrome mirror caps, wheels, door and tailgate handles, carpet with all weather floor mat, cargo management system, window and bug deflector, plus deep tinted glasses and a color matched OEM hard Tonneau cover which made by fiberglass. All the chrome makes the truck looks really sharp. The manager accepted my $15000 offer, then I used $1500 GM cash to bring the price down to $13500. The MSRP was over $26000 included Tonneau cover. The truck is nice, but it would nicer if it has a V8. My co-workers didn't believe the price until they see the receipt. Overall, I am satisfied
Wanted a dependable work or play truck and got exactly what I was looking for. Purchased a 2008 (4.3 / Auto) with LS package (chrome bumpers and wheels), locking rear, keyless, carpet, cruise and A/C for around $13,500 (Original sticker $20,850). I couldn't find a used truck with those features for that kind of price. Getting mileage as promised (17-18 combined) Everything in the engine compartment is easy to access. Very pleased with the truck. 
This truck is perfect! I love eveything about it! Fast and great on gas! I get 21 MPG average most of the time. I have the 5.3 with 315 horsepower. I have gotten up to 24 MPG on a tank of gas a couple of times.
This truck has been fantastic! I test drove many different vehicles before deciding on the Chevy. My wife and I do lots of research before even going to look at vehicles and really can't believe someone would purchase anything but a Chevy(GMC). The engine (5.3L) is really good on gas and provides loads of horsepower. The ride feels very firm and the truck's standard features are great! My buddy's Ridgeline (that he bought a week before my purchase) is a lesser truck in all areas. He regrets his purchase after riding in mine. I haven't used to roadside assistance but am happy to have it. My advice... Before buying anything else- go drive a Chevy and you will buy it. Best truck ever! This truck is perfect in all areas. Make sure you buy the 5.3 L so you can get great gas mileage and still smoke the tires. Buy the level of truck that you want. The LT1 package was good for me. Rails are a good investment.
I've only had the 6.0 for a bit over a month and love it! Got the 6.0 trailering package to tow for Moab, but fell in love with the power and comfort! The LT doesn't have the leather and heated seats, washers, etc., of the LTZ, but with a remote start, who really needs that? And for 8 grand more than I paid, I sure don't! Ride is great for a truck, better than most cars! Interior is far superior to Ford or Toyota - which I considered as well. Gas mileage is not that great. I've been averaging around 12-14 for the past month, but my foot is a bit heavy with this new toy! And I don't do much freeway driving yet. Overall, A great vehicle for 15000 under invoice.
Several annoying features that detract from an otherwise solid design. (1) Steering wheel too far forward. You really have to slide forward to get a comfortable position thereby placing your knees very close to the lower dash. (2) No locking fuel filler door. (3) No grab handle for the driver. GM uses the weak excuse that a wiring harness goes up the driver side pillar. (4) Poor design lower dash trim panel (closest to your knees) that protudes rearward instead of forward further reducing leg room. (5) Poor radio control placement. The most used knob, the one to change stations is on the far right. This makes a long reach. Should have been on the left of the radio.
The tailgate has about 2 inches near the top on each side where it is gapped and lets in snow, slop and salt. Very poor design. Also, cab leaves little room behind the seats for storage. Front suspension is noisy and causes a flutter when driving. Had it back two times and dealership cannot solve the problem. Appears the front suspension system leaves alot to be desired. Nowhere close to the quality of my 1997 Chevrolet K1500 4x4. Rather disappointed with the quality for a General Motors product. 17 inch tires made by Goodyear are not as smooth as my previous truck 16 inch Dunlop tires. Bench seat was much better since the center seat is too far forward for an adult to sit comfortably. 
This is one great truck, I looked at the Toyota but it was no comparison to the Chevrolet. The styling and handling are great. The LTZ is loaded feels like a Cadillac not a truck. We took it down to Bristol this summer and the mileage was better then expected (22-24mpg). Finally drove it in the snow and the stability control and ABS are great, my wife loves these safety features.
LTZ Z71 Crew Cab is the way to go! So far, I am averaging 17.9mpg with 12k miles of driving in all conditions. I love pretty much everything about this truck and I haven't had to take it in for any warranty work yet! the only thing I can say need improvemnts are the roof height if you get a sunroof. I am 6'2" and sometimes I my head brushes the roof. Annoying as heck. Also, the rear bumper is worthless in the new trucks. I was bumped in the rear left corner. With the old truck, I wouldn't have had any damage at all. However, the bumper on the new truck folded right in and the side panel crushed. $1500 to repair! The lady hardly touched me!
I have wanted a truck for some time and choose this vehicle over the F-150. My experience so far with this vehicle has confirmed I made the right choice. I particularly like the fact that it does ride very smooth. I don't like the fact that the air conditioner automatically switches back to outside air. I haven't figured that out yet.
I have 700 miles on this truck and so far I love it. Great quality and gets the job done. Gas kinda stinks on it right now but it is a new engine and when it breaks in I'm sure it will be better. I considered a Titan but the price was right on this one.
I have owned my 1500 for about a year now and can report only good news. I have had no issues and the truck is very reliable. I purchased the truck with all the goodies to include, 5.3 v- 8 flexfuel, dvd, leather, the works. All still work well, I only wish the 5.3 had a little more power or I should have gotten the 6.0 v-8. But when gas was 4 bucks a gallon I was glad for the 5.3. I only wish I held out for the 6 speed auto. The 4 speed is nicely matched, but there are times when an other gear would greatly help expolite the power of the 5.3. 
Now with gas prices falling, I went out on a limb and bought a full size. I love the ride, especially the lack of road noise. The gas mileage could be better, but the Silverado is doing better than the others. After recently owning a 2000 Dodge 1500 and a 2003 Ford F150, this Silverado has everything in a much better package. The tranny, throttle and braking are a bit touchy, so something I need to get used to.
I bought what started out as an LT1. I ended up with a combination LT1, LT2, and LTZ. I have the 6.0 MAX in it, skid plates, stabilitrack, max towing package, aux tranny and oil coolers with the KN2 option. Love this truck. Not my first Silverado, but the best so far! Only thing lacking on this vehicle is the NAV system. Wish I had opted for it. XM is great, but it has very poor ability to receive local AM/FM bradcasts with its antenna design. I am going to the shop this week and see what can be done to improve local radio reception. There must be another digital antenna with a 2 1/2" mast molded into it. No more 5.7's being made. 5.3 is about 324 CI and 6.0 about 364 CI. Rec 6.0
I traded in my 2005 GMC 2WD Crew which was a great truck. Couldn't resist the rebates and incentives GM was giving on the 08's besides I'd been wanting a 4WD. So far a real nice truck. I've read where the new truck is worlds better than the old but I can't tell it. Both are great handling, comfortable and well built. I wasn't sold on the looks of the 2008 model but its growing on me, especially in Ruby red. The interior is very nice and comfortable and it also has the dual climate zones which we loved in the old truck. The XM radio feature is a nice change and I like knowing OnStar is there for emergencies. My insurance premium went down also. 
Driving this truck is like driving a Cadillac, it handles the curves of the road smoothly. I used to own a Ford Ranger. With the 1500/LTZ-6.0 Liter V- Max/Z71 I still get the same miles per gallon as the V-6 Vortex Ranger, but I have the advantage of a full sized truck with more towing capacity. 
Great truck. Fit and finish excellent and have received many compliments in the short period I have owned it. All aspects of the vehicle top shelf and the best in any pickup I have owned. (5 so far) Gas mileage about 16.8 around town which what I was getting in my SUV. Example of great American engineering..Chevrolet 
I am very impressed with not only the look of this truck, but the way it performs. I've only had it a few weeks and had many compliments on it. This could be the best truck purchase I have ever made.
Family is real happy with the new truck, looks sharp and has a nicer ride than a car. Plenty of room even for the family. I like the extended doors. Truck gets great gas mileage compared to other trucks in its class. An all around solid truck. 
I have a 2008 Regular Cab Z71, 5.3L V8, Flex Fuel and AFM, 3.42 gears and all of the interior trimmings you can get. I got an amazing deal, $7500 cash back! I cannot even begin to explain how great this truck is. I love it! It's so sharp and the drive is so smooth and turning radius is very tight. I am so glad that I bought this truck. The secret to the AFM is to use the V8 to get to your speed (55 to 65 is the "sweet spot"), let off the gas slightly until the V4 kicks in then gently back on the gas and hold it to the next hill and repeat. You will see that you maintain the same speed and get 40+ MPG expressway. Learn when to get off it.
The last 3 trucks I have bought have been Fords. I used to drive Chevys but for some reason I bought a few Fords. The last was 07 F250 4x4 and that was the worst riding truck I have ever owned, anyway I bought the 1500 LTZ and so far I am very happy. The ride and drive are extremely good for my application. The fuel management I don't understand, sitting at a red light it runs on all cyclinders, I thought this would be a great time to save fuel. Overall I am pleased so far, but have less than 1000 miles.
Wanted a base longbed truck for basic transportation- prices have dropped as dealers have a glut of these trucks. Very happy with performance, satisfied with price. Gas mileage is running less than my 05 W/T, which I expected. Overall, it gets lots of compliments.
Just bought this truck to replace my 15 year old Chevy Silverado half-ton pickup. Got the LT1 package with 5.3L V8. First trip had 19 mpg with combined city and highway. In just the city, it seems to only get about 11 mpg. The truck is very quiet and rides well. So far, I'm quite pleased. Pricing was good in Sept with the GM employee discount and additional 5K discount. Also got $1800 off with my GM card savings and I qualified for an additional GM company card bonus of $500. Every little bit helps in this crazy economy!
$18380 MSRP base no a/c truck,longbed. Absolutely no options. Great ride and performance over my 05 Silverado. Uses a little more gas but comfort level and ride worth the trade off. 
Nice design of the new body style. Very comfortable as well. But, why oh why has GM made the 1/2 ton trucks so low to the ground. Had to put a 2.5" leveling kit in the front to take that nose dive out of the front end. Also, they made a change in the steering that is way too responsive. The slightest little movement and you're going off into the next lane which does get very scarry with any hiway traffic. They put the radio controls a little out of reach so changing the station on the radio has become a frightening situation. The old steering response in my 2002 2500HD was great and a more relaxing drive. Now it's more of a stressed drive than before. Why can't a good thing be left alone.
Born into a "Bow Tie" only family and being the first to purchase a Honda due to lack of confidence in any American segment, I can now honestly say, Chevy has learned! I feel confident in the truck's performance, comfortable with better build qualities inside, and safe. 15000mi and not a problem (Honda CR-V blew up its A/C unit at 14000 and power window problems never stopped). OnStar is a great feature I feel should be on every car, not just GM (needs to be cheaper). Rear-ended by a Camry (crushed its front end, nothing to the truck) and an F-150 (crushed its front end and fender, bumper damage to my truck). Best fuel mileage for a 5.3L compared to others. Great truck!
I have owned three Silverados so far..1995, 2000, 2004SS, and my new 2008 is far superior. The options that are available are excellent. I opted for the extended cab LT2 package with the Texas Edition upgrade which includes fog lights, special 20" rims, and cargo management system. Stickered for $33,000. Out the door with gap insurance and extended warranty I paid $23,480. Thanks to employee pricing of course. If you have your doubts, just test drive one...there is a reason people refer to the Silverado as the Cadillac of trucks.
I have owned several Fords and just traded a 2004 Ram hemi for the Silverado. Very happy so far, averaging 19.1 mpg after the 1st 1K miles. Not sure what took me so long to get the Silverado. I bought the 2 wheel drive model due to all of the hiway I drive. Everyone thinks it looks like a 4 wheel drive. It came with traction control, should be fine in winter. 
At first I was in love with the new GMC's but now I'm glad I bought the Chevy. I love the looks of mine with the factory 20's, body colored door handles, and the sunroof. Everyone tells me how awesome my truck is.
My first pickup in 12 years but have been GM fan for 10 (was Ford). As with my previous Tahoe this is a well built truck. In & out looks great. Ride is somewhat more truck than my Tahoe. Engine run and road noise is great except for tire noise but that's due to the dueler tires on when purchased. Already better gas mileage according to the computer than my 03 Tahoe.
I have been on the market for a truck for about a year, and this is by far the best out there. I test drove a Ford, Dodge, Chevy, Nissan and Toyota. I went with the Chevy as it was the best by far. The Dodge and Ford looked cheap on the inside. I honestly don't see how anyone could pick the Ford over the Chevy. Great comfort. 
My previous truck was a 2004 Nissan Titan SE model 2 wheel drive crew cab. I bought the Chevrolet because I wanted a four wheel drive. I was averaging about 15 mpg in the Titan. I am averaging 16.5 mpg in the Silverado. The Silverado also has a much more comfortable ride than did the Nissan. I could not be more pleased with my purchase.
Drove a 93 Toyota 4x4 Ext. cab I bought new for 15 years (200k) & loved it. Was planning on a new Tundra, researched all the 1500s & Silverado is hands down the best. 5600 miles since 4/7/08, runs like a fine watch, quiet and smooth. If I take it easy 17-18 mpg in city with some freeway, 20-22 on the hwy on the DIC. You can drop 1-1.5 mpg off the DIC mileage & be close. If you get into the torque, goodbye mileage. You can be a hyper-miler if you watch the DIC, learn when to coast on your daily drives, and save your brakes & dollars. I don't have any major complaints, it is as reviewed by many here. I have Z71, wanted Z85 w/6-spd tran. but they ship mostly Z71 on lot. I'll drive it 15+ & like it!
I've had my truck for 7 months, and I like it ok, but it's not as good as previous Silverado models. First, the fuel economy is terrible for a V6, and it's not responsive enough. Next, the truck has a tremendous amount of wind noise at 50 mph or higher. The ride is way too firm, even for a 4WD. Also, I think the truck is geared way too high. So if you buy one, then definitely get a V8. The seats in this particular model are not very comfortable either. You just about have to get the higher end model to experience the comfort & quality of these trucks. I like Chevrolet better than Ford, but they sometimes leave things off their vehicles that just don't make sense. 
Moved up to the truck from an S-10 to tow our boat The ride is amazing, especially for a standard-size truck. Plenty of power. I am getting about 19 MPG, with mostly highway driving. That is not bad, I think, for such a capable vehicle. The fit and finish is the best I have seen on a truck. 
Great truck, by far much better that the 2006 2500 HD 4WD gas guzzling machine I traded in. Not sure what the active fuel management is, however after the purchase process on the long journey home over a 100 miles this baby got alittle over 18MPG compared to the 13 mpg the 2006 Chevy. This truck is much more quieter and much more fun to drive. Smooth acceleration quick to stop. This is by far the best truck Chevy has ever put out.
So far, so good. No issues what-so-ever. The mileage is not great, but it is a truck so I'm not upset at all. The 5.3 is plenty for my applications, but I do think a 6 speed tranny would be better. The Crew Cab layout is great. I narrowed my selection to the Silverado and the Tundra. After driving both, I chose the Silverado. No regrets at all. Overall it's a very nice truck.
New system that cuts 4 cylinders off not so effective. Best mpg's 18. Expected better. I'm not an aggressive driver and usually maintain a constant speed. Mostly highway driving. Very nice ride, but not as responsive as my Nissan Titan was at 16.5 mpg
Am very pleased with this truck. My first time owning a full size pickup, so far I put 1200 miles on and no problems. Am averaging 17.7 mpg around town. Will be taking on a trip later this summer, hope to improve on that number. 
This is my 6th truck, and it is by far the best. Plenty of power for a 6 cyl and the mileage is fair too. I avg. 18+ in town, and get a bit over 20 on the hwy (3.23 gears). I wish the highway was better, but just put a Leer canopy (Legend-100) on and hope the highway mpg improves. The canopy increased the wind noise, which is unusual. The truck had been the quietest I have driven. The steering is absolutely the best, and the tranny shifts smoothly when warmed up. The suspension is like no other, and does not skip around "bumpy" turns, but hugs the road. OnStar and XM radio are great, although the rear speakers are weak at best. My box seems to fit fine, although slanted up. 
Well my wife likes driving my Chevy Truck more than her 07 Saturn Vue. The comfort level is remarkable, were as you know that you are diving a truck, after 2 or 3 hundred miles you don't feel beat up from the drive. Its a Truck that drives like a car. I test drove Ford trucks #1 because they cost less and felt like I had been driving a truck after just a short time. 
Overall I really like my '08 Silverado over my '01. The ride is much better and it's quieter. I got the 5.3 engine with 3.42 gears for better mileage, but I'm getting 12mpg city and 16mpg highway? My '01 got 14mpg city and 18mpg highway. notice mileage on this site is split between folks getting great mileage and folks getting really bad mileage. Something sure seems amiss! The cruise control doesn't seem to work as well as on my '01.
More power & gearsI live in MN. I have the Z71 off road. Been a great truck during the winter and summer. This is my first new truck. I love it. I am getting about 18 to 20 MPG on highway. New style black truck with 18" rims looks very sharp. The fuel mgmt does help but doesnt seem to stay in 4cyl for very long even on strait level areas. Truck drives and handles very nice. Kind of tough to park in tight areas but thats to be expected with a truck. Quiet smooth ride. I have used the remote start and it is great. My only complaint about that is that it shuts off after 10 minutes. Should be at least 15 minutes for a MN winter to defrost windows and heat truck up. 
Told the dealership I did not want OnStar. OnStar activated anyway. Tried to call and cancel. Only the dealership can do so in the first year. My truck and I can't cancel the service. Worst customer service i have experienced in a while from GM. Dealership has been fine. Okay truck beyond OnStar, but this service which hijacked my radio the other day drives several low ratings ratings. Think the gas mileage was better with the 5.3 in my 2007 Classic than the 5.3 in the 08. Will not buy another GM until OnStar in not mandatory. Sad that they can't figure out to center the OnStar antenna on the roof. 4th new GM truck in the last seeral years and the last until OnStar is optional
I had an F-350 when the fuel went over 4.68 a gal I had to get rid of it. I've always known Chevy was a good ride. This truck is great so far, I do find I drop power once in a while going around corners like a fuel hiccup. It's only second or two but it feels strange. The fuel mileage was great while I was watching it but it drove my girlfriend nuts so I stopped (took it off instant miles per gallon) since then my avg fuel mileage went from 16.5 to 15.8 so watching what you're doing while driving helps slow stops and gradual speed take offs does a lot. I also am a bit frustrated with the seats I can't keep the lint off. 
I went truck shopping and drove the competitive model Ford, Toyota, Dodge and Chevy extended cab trucks. I was replacing an F150 that had been a very very good truck for the 7 years I owned it. Not one issue ever. So naturally I was inclined towards the Ford. After driving all the trucks I decided on the Chevy. I likes the power from the 6.0L compared to the Ford which seemed pretty weak in the pwer department. The Toyota used very poor interior materials and rode terrible. The Dodge was nice but the bed was 6.25 feet compared to the others 6.5ft bed. Overall the Chevy offered a great combination of features with the LTZ package and the Vortec Max package.
Where I live you need a truck you can count on, Wyoming. Unlike most states you can drive for hours and not see a town or even a person. You don't want to be stranded. Cell phone coverage is spotty at best and you need reliability. OnStar. This truck has taken a beating and has never looked back. It's comfortable even though you are going over some of the roughest roads. Fully loaded or not great truck for the snow flying months. This truck was built for the heavest of jobs and the most roughest conditions. I never was a Chevy man but know I will only buy Chevy's. 
Very nice truck. Extremely quiet interior and very comfortable. It is a pleasure to drive. Stereo sounds great.
This is the first truck I have purchased new. Totally enjoy the truck so far (3500 miles). I did have a leak in the front trasfer case, took it in and they found nothing. It hasn't leaked since. Looked like a seal was leaking. The only complaint I have is something I have seen on here, the cloth seats need constant removal of lint and seat shedding. Didn't know if this was due to "new" seats or if this will be a constant battle. Maybe should have spent the extra money for leather. Other than that it is an awesome truck, get lots of looks and compliments. Added a soft bed cover, spray in liner and chrome door handles. Back in black and lovin ever minute of it. Like a rock!
I initially got into an accident and totalled a fully loaded Tahoe. I put 96,000 problem-free miles on the Tahoe prior to it becoming a total loss. I never considered happiness could be had in a pick-up truck until the rental company put me in a crew cab Silverado for 30 days. I had to have one. The vehicle drives very smooth and due to the fuel management change from 8 to 4 cylinders on the highway, the improvement in gas mileage is very welcome. 
Love my truck! Used to have a car but driven right my truck gets the same mileage! I get about 20.5 mpg on highway, set the cruise at 65 and it'll stay in 4 cyl mode all day long! Z71 supension and tires are a must! I've been off roading a bunch of times and I've never even been close to getting stuck! Great looking truck except for those scratches now! 
I have the LS regular cab with 4.8 V8 and am pleased with the truck. It has excellent pickup, is quiet, and is quality built inside and out. Very impressed, owned a F150 previously and this truck beats it in every significant category.
Nice ride, very comfortable, quiet truck. My only issues are small ones. The 20" factory tires rub on the GM mudflaps when you turn sharp, the dealer tells me there is nothing more they can do. Some of the double faced tape that holds the body side moldings to the doors was too long and I had to trim off. I have to agree with some of the other reviews that the active fuel management system seems to be a joke. I just returned from a 3600 mile trip and averaged 18 mpg. My 2006 Silverado with 3:42 gears averaged 19 on the same route. Overall I do not believe there is an truck that compares to the 2008 Silverado.
I love the handling and performance. It is a sharp truck; sits up high unlike any of the past GM trucks that I have owned. The V6 has plenty of power and the interior is stylish and comfortable. The only thing that I can find troubling is the way the box does not line up to the cab the same on each side. It seems the box is build slightly crooked. I have checked several other new trucks and they are all the same. I would love to hear if anyone else has noticed this imperfection. Other than this I think Chevy has hit a home-run.
All in all, a much improved truck from my '04 Z71 ext. cab Silverado. The ride is great, handling is much better. My first road trip averaged 18 MPG. Hopefully it will get better as it breaks in. Chevy did away with the "plug & play" trailer brake controller harness. You'll find the wire bundle under the dash, plus 2 taped wires under the hood that have to be connected, plus an added fuse to buy. My biggest complaint: The doors lock automatically, either when shifting or at a factory set speed. There is no way to disable the auto locks. #2 is the required use of the keyless remote. Unlocking the driver's door with the key sets off the alarm. No way to change this either, I'm told.
I have been a chevy truck owner for over 30 years. This has hands down been the best truck I have ever owned. I still cannot believe that I am getting an average of 22 mpg on the highway, with the active fuel management. Not to mention the versatility of the back doors opening 170 degrees makes getting the kids in and out a snap. I love the power when I am hauling my boat to the lake it feels like I'm not hauling anything at all. GM went above and beyond this time.
I just got my Z71 extended cab Silverado 2 weeks ago. Coming from a Chevy Equinox, I was used to a car-based SUV feel and didn't particularly like the disconnected steering I found in most trucks and large SUV's. This vehicle handles great, and I don't feel akward driving it.
This truck has been is the repair shop a lot over the past 5 months I have owned it. Most of the miles are highway. 12,500 miles. I live down a gravel road so I have had some issues with rock chips, behind the back tries and front. Frame is really built cheap on these pickups, fuel pump has been replaced, starter replaced, The tires seem to wear uneven, fuel mileage is horrible, I get better on my 1 ton truck. 
As an owner of Chevrolet trucks all my life, I cannot believe the drastic changes on the new Silverado. I have had mine for over a year now and I absolutely love it. As a commuter of 30 miles to work each way and then recreation. The gas mileage for a full size truck is unrivaled. You can notice a big change when the active fuel management kicks in because the gas gauge will actually rise it is incredible. It is nice to not have to sacrifice power for fuel economy. Seats incredible comfortable and extremely versatile.
Traded an 07 Classic in on this truck. What a difference! Handling, ride, and styling is so much better. It is a 2wd drive equipped with a 4.3 auto w/ 3:23 locking differential (next best thing to a 4wd without the expense & lower gas mileage, gets about 19mpg and goes in the snow pretty well). No, I can't pull stumps or tow a big load, but it serves my purposes well. Very happy with it.
My previous 4.3L managed almost 24 mpg on the highway, however my 2008 gets 14 to 15 mpg. I can't roll the window down with a container in the drink holder, this appears typical as I am finding more and more ergonomic issues e.g. try getting the jack out of a standard cab. I installed mud flaps over the weekend an noticed how easily the rear fenders flexed. I crawled under the truck and took a closer look at build quality; and it appears that I am the victim of excessive cost cutting. When compared with my previous GM pickups my 2008 is really a disappointment. 
This truck is an absolute pleasure to drive. The 5.3L engine is strong although the transmission shifts could be tighter. The handling is more car than truck like. We've had a rough winter in the northeast but the Silverado handled the snow and ice with out a problem. Fuel mileage is 18.5mpg on the highway and 14 to 15mpg in town, but I knew what I was getting when I went with the 5.3L engine. The build quality on this truck is second to none. 
Like another revewer here, I also traded in my '05 for the '08. They are two entirely different trucks. I loved my '05 but missed it for about 3 seconds after I drove the new one off the lot. Chevy went back to the drawing board with this one. It is a serioulsy great truck. Looks great, handles great. If you plan on carying any kind of load, I would strongly recommend the 5.3 liter. (I never tried the baby 6 cylinder) With a lumber rack, Camper shell, and full of tools, I can still get upto and maintain highway speeds like it was empty. (and about the same mileage)
2008 LT1 LT 1500 Z71 XCAB long bed. This is a replacement for the same truck but a 2002. I love this truck, plenty of power, very comfortable, nice options. I call it the contractor's Cadillac, the ride is awesome for a long bed extended cab truck. So far just a few small gliches at 2800 miles. Fit and finish is very nice. 
Great truck, comfortable ride, plenty of power. Although, unlike my last 2005 Silverado & 2003 Sliverado with the same 5.3L engine without active fuel management that got 20-22mpg hwy, this truck is only getting 13-14mpg hwy. Active fuel management doesn't really seem to work.
I owned 4 of the old body style Silverado and thought they were nice driving trucks but the new 2008...nice truck! It drives 100% better than the one it replaces and the seats are much more comfortable. I have the 5.3, the power is there and from what I can tell the active fuel management will help with the gas mileage. If you drive this truck you will buy it!
I drive this because its a company truck. Let me first say I am biased because I hate automatic transmissions- they stink for mountain driving, and I live and work in the mountains. The auto gearing is terrible for steep descents on this truck and other automatics. The truck has got 6000 miles on it and the gas gauge just broke and the check engine light came on. It is constantly beeping with alerts and warnings. It does not go smoothly in and out of 4wd and 4 lo is super hard to get into. I am comparing this to my 1989 (almost 20 years older) Toyota which shifts in and out of 4wd and 4lo way smoother- (and the gas gauge still works.) Otherwise this is a very comfy and smooth truck.
No fuel economy improvement over 04 model even though I now have active fuel management. I have the 5.3L engine with 3.73 gears, flex fuel, and get about 16.5mpg hiway on gas. Wish I could have gotten 3.42 gearing for better mpg, but the catch is to get incentives you must take delivery from dealer inventory and they just don't set them up that way. Both trucks turn 1750 rpm at 60mph. I can set the info center to instant mpg readout to learn when the vehicle is in 8cyl vs 4 cyl mode. At highway speeds, wind resistance forces truck into V8 unless going downhill. And, parked together, the 08 cab is noticeably bigger than the 04 cab = more wind resistance. At 75mph, econ drops to 13.5
New truck, no problems, 5.3 is strong, shifts smooth, rides great, looks good. Very happy with the 2008 1500 LT1!
This is my 3rd Chevy truck and I can't believe the upgrades. My last was an 04 Crew Z71 4x4. A nice truck, but it is no comparison to this truck. Fit and finish is superb, ergonomics are awesome. Ride is phenomenal. Enough adjectives. Early on, it's a really nice upgrade to the previous generation "workmanlike" truck. I'll have to wait and see on reliability, my 04 had it share of issues in the early going, but I'm loyal to Chevy. 
This is the most comfortable truck, and no body roll in corners, it is almost like a big car. I love this truck!
I have driven this truck everywhere. I race motocross for a living so it has gone all across the country and never let me down. I also tow a 22ft enclosed trailer with me for races and the truck never lets me down. Always has enough power to tow up hills. 
Great ride, very quiet, OnStar is great. I love this truck. The mileage is as estimated by GM and that is great for such a truck.
Traded my 05 of similar features. The new 08 is years ahead in quality. The ride, noise and comfort are extremely good. Very quiet at even 70+mph. Back seat comfort is better than most cars.
I too am expericing the terrible mileage. 12 in city, 17 on HWY, V-6. Chevy must have been testing this truck downhill when posting the MPG. Great to drive and up high. Quiet, great audio sound, OnStar is a first for me and love it. 
Finally purchased the best BigBoy toy available. The Duramax 2500 LTZ is the best of both work and play. Makes light work of pulling my horses. The leather loaded Escalade like interior makes an A+ ride.
I upgraded from a 2003 Chevy 1500 Z71 package. I'm towing a lot more now and I needed something with a little more umph. This truck has it. I thought about the diesel for this truck but I opted for the 6.0 because you never know when the prices are going to sky rocket again.
I have had my Silverado for over a year now with no problems to report. The Duramax/Allison is an absolutely amazing combination, leaves the competition in the dust. My only complaint was the small wheels and tires from the factory. Overall, an excellent built truck period.
This is by far the worst vehicle I have ever owned. The interior started rattling after 2500 miles. The chrome on the grill peeled after one winter in Montana. The new exhaust system is a joke. I had this truck in the dealership eight times in the first six months of which two required towing it there. The tranny fails to shift out of 5th gear after busting through heavy snow drifts. Off road traction is terrible this truck won't drive through 3 inches of snow without putting it in 4wd. Fuel economy is decent when it's empty. It gets 14 to 18mpg at 75mph. A light 16ft interstate cargo trailer will bring that down to about 9mpg. My truck is for sale and you couldn't give me another one
Got the 6.6 Duramax diesel with the Alison 6 speed. Rated #1 for 08. Tows like a champ, Plenty of power. LT2 package, rear differential locker, Bose speaker package, OnStar, XM radio. I added a spray in bedliner and sliding 5th hitch too. My opinion is that Chevy is far superior to Dodge Cummins 5.9L. Go get one. 
The Duramax is quiet, smooth and powerful. 0-60 times that will make most cars see your tail lights. The interior of the LTZ is all luxury, void of squeaks and rattles on the roughest roads. The Bose 6 disk is very impressive for a factory system using a center placed subwoofer and 6 speakers. Smoother, stronger and better mileage than the 6.0L 2005 2500HD it replaced. 
Got the 6.6 Duramax with the Alison 6 speed, only way to go! Did my Consumer review research and found Chevy diesel rated the best all round of the Big 3 for 08'! Can't even complain about the mileage. Adverage of 18 mpg, 21 mpg at 55-60 crusing the interstate (unloaded). Love how the Alison tranny grabs hold of the engine when the tow mode is turned on and sounds awesome. I got he 17" rims with my truck which I highly recommend. 
Ok I have had this truck for a week and I love it. I traded in my 07 1500 LS Crew Cab with a 4.8L because it didn't tow my trailer as good as I wanted. After dirving this truck for a week it flat out performs my 07, in every aspect. You can feel the power difference in the 08. Gas mileage has been good for me as well. I averaged 18.3 on the highway last night going 75-80 for 300 miles round trip. I guess with some mods it should get better. Not a fan of the smaller looking tires on this truck. As big as this truck is you would expect tires that fill the wheel wells. Again this is an excellent truck all around Great job GM.
This is my 6th Duramax (and still have the 5th) and I love the new interior design with Nav and DVD players. Sunroof definitely better too. My only complaint is the new emmissions equipment really chokes this thing and kills mileage; I get 14 in town and 18 highway with some modifications. For those wanting a better ride, try a front leveling kit with longer shocks; it helps tremendously. Also try a cold air intake and bigger exhaust; helped my mileage alot. 
This is my first deisel and I love it! This thing tows my toy hauler trailer like it's not even there. I have had no issues at all and I have 4K miles on it. I get 12- 13mpg towing and 15-16mpg not. My brother has the Dodge and I feel that the motor in the Chevy feels much more refined.
I have always been a Ford guy, but when shopping for the F250 versus Silverado 2500, I thought the Chevy had a better ride, a nicer interior, a the dealer was very aggressive in terms of pricing. Mileage has been OK so far, well within my expectations. Also, very pleased with the looks of the truck.
I've been studying diesels for a few years now. Wanted one in a 2005 Liberty, wife at the time didn't. Finally bought what I wanted after the divorce. Went from two vehicles to one, so this is a daily driver and the only viable daily driver amongst the big three IMO. I get 14 mpg city A/C on (with lots of idling and sitting at lights), 19.5 highway (70 to 75 mph). Not bad for a vehicle that weighs this much and can tow 15,400 lbs. Can't imagine feeding the old gas big block! Ride is a little rough on bad roads because of the heavy duty nature. I'm researching how to change that (airbags, different springs/shocks). With a load, it's perfect.
Have an '08 2500HD. It's a good truck but I have already broke down first time I towed my RV (6000 lbs). Fuel mileage is terrible. 13 -15 mpg. When I tow this little RV mileage drops to 8-9 mpg. My father's '05 is twice as good on fuel with a load 15-17 mpg. They really missed the boat with this new emmissions package. Knowing what I know now I would not have bought this truck.
I started off by driving the Dodge and Ford. Wasn't impressed. The second I sat in this thing I could tell this was a different truck. After 5 minutes of driving, I was sold. Everyone complaining about the gas mileage, it's a 3/4 ton truck. What do you expect? Its not a Prius. 15-16 mpgs stock is not bad. A few cheap mods and Im pulling off 20 mpgs and better. 
My first Chevy was a 3/4 ton Scottsdale bought new in 1979 and sold in 1995 so I keep a good truck. This is a keeper. I tow a 8000lb travel trailer and this think tows it like a tank and I love it.
I love my new diesel. Plenty of power no need for aftermarket chips. Rides great. Looks great. Pulls great, but the fuel mileage is terrible. 13 mpg is the best I get. It has been four months now. I have 15,000 miles on it and cannot get any better mileage. With the price of fuel ($4.15) it hurts when you pull up to the pump 
Duramax w/Ali Tranny - very good value. Sticker 44.8k - Paid 35.3k. Very nice ride - itty bitty tires though (16"?) that I'm gonna replace. Fuel economy on new diesels flat out stinks - no reason it should be that low. Love the interior - plenty of room. Well designed for towing and work.
GM quality is going up while Toyota is going down. This truck is used as a family truck, camper trailer towing and snow plowing my drive. I guess the previous poster did not have his truck set up correctly for snow plowing. You should have ordered the aux. battery and larger alternator. That's what those options are specifically for. I have a HD plow it it works fine.
Have an on going problem when trying to plow with this truck.It loses amperage so bad I can not pick the plow up until I shut the truck off and wait a bit before restarting.They put on a new voltage regulator,new computer etc.When the mechanic called the GM rep and discussed this with him he said there was nothing wrong.I make a living with my truck and have had 12+ Chevys over the years with no problems,this is ridiculous.I feel I am being pushed aside because they dont know whats wrong yet.
Solid truck with lots of power. This baby is great and I look good in it. I fly F16's for a living and drive Chevy's when not airborne. The Duramax is unbelievable, tows the trailer like it isnt there. Go buy one.
08 2500HD 4x4 Z71 Ext. Cab LTZ Black/Black Ive only had the truck a few days but I took a 500 mile trip to the Applilachian Mts. RJ Winter park & took it on some trails it handled better than expected & I never put it in 4-wheel drive. 
This is a beautiful truck. The style has really grown on me since it first came out( it looks great with after market wheels and tires). It has a good ride and is comfortable to drive. The back up sensors are nice with a big truck like this. The power is much less noticeable than my 2006 with the LBZ . It has been in the shop 4 times and was in there for over a month the last time. I may sell this one and keep my 06. All new diesels seam to have exhaust problems. You may be better off to purchase a pre January 1 diesel to avoid problems until all of the issues are resolved. 
Outstanding comfort with all of the luxury items at the fingertips of the driver. My wife loves the power lift gate, heated seats, and overall space in the vehicle. Since it is the LTZ, the bose system and dvd make long range travel a pleasure.
They just keep getting better. I had a Tahoe and 2 other Suburbans previously. The '98 Suburban I had really felt like it stuck to the road, the '01 lost that truck feel and felt loose. The ride of the '08 is great, the appearance is great, the highway/city mixed mileage is about 16 on gas and 13 on E85. I like the on- board computer w/mileage performance, XM Radio, On-Star and monthly status e- mails. The kids like the heated rear seats and DVD player plus they can load all of their junk easily.
A Nice ride, good mileage for a big truck, 18+ around town, 22+ highway @75 mph. Have been on two long trips with no problems. But they left out a lot of little things that made my'96 more fun to drive with 165,000on it.
This is my fourth Chevy truck (2 Silverados, 1 Tahoe previously). They just keep getting better. I have never had any problems with any of them. The Suburban is by far the best. I have the Z71 package and love it. It is great for our large family either around town or on longer trips. Now if I can just get my wife to get one. (She is still not confident driving such a large vehicle.) If you need a large SUV, this is a great one.
Driving my new Suburban has been a total pleasure. The LTZ trim package makes this a true luxury to drive. The power towing capacity and room for 8 make this the total package for large families. This is first time my wife has ever uses a truck more then me. She likes driving our Suburban as much as I do and I don't mind beaning a passenger for a change. Our standards for this vehicle have been high traded in a Toyota 4 Runner and Chevy has really won me back with a quality product. In this class of vehicle there is no computation just the standard Suburban. 
This is our 5th Suburban and the only keep getting better. We bought an LTZ that was a company PIP vehicle. Bought it loaded with 10k miles on it. Have already put 7k more. Rides like a dream. Found out I have a transmission leak at the bell housing. I am not happy about that especially since it was driven by a GM exec and cared for by GM. Dealer is working on it as I write this. Hopefully it will be like new when done. It is by far the best truck on the road. Just hope GM is around to honor the remainder of the warranty if I need it.
Traded 05 Z71 Tahoe that was fully loaded for my LTZ. Great truck, getting 19ish on highway. Dark Interior color rocks, love the power everything, rides great, fun to drive, nav is great. Already had onstar & XM but they are still nice. Excellent quality & ride is great. Considered changing brands until I drove the new style. Great job GM
My 2000 Excursion diesel got totaled. I loved it even with 200K miles. I looked at the expedition XL but the MPG was 25% less then the Burb. I got an LT1 for $30,085 including added GM leather! Plus I got a $500 Lowes card. The sticker was over $40K great rebates! Although the ford rode much smoother and was more comfortable, the burb got better MPG and was about $7000 cheaper so I decided to try the Chevy. So far I really like it
Strong, quality SUV for the price. Owned a Durango and loved it, but the Suburban is considerably a better SUV. It has more than enough room for the family on long trips and has great towing capability. Looked long and hard before I decided to trade in. It gets better MPG, rides better, and more comfortable. Of course MPG is not the best, but it has features that crossovers to not. I added a K&N filter and it helped increase the MPG. Overall very satisfied with the Suburban.
Traded my 07 Expedition EL for a LTZ White Diamond pkg Suburban for a cheaper monthly payment and better gas mileage. I'm getting worse gas mileage than before, 13.5 mpg mixed city & highway vs. 15.1 mpg with the Expedition. But with all SUVs I don't expect great gas mileage. I love this car more than any other SUV I've ever owned. It drives great, is great looking, comfortable & roomy, it is an all aound great buy-got a steal on it too. Fits my family of 5 wonderfully and is very safe! I have active fuel management and you never can tell when it switches from 4cyl to 8. I will not be buying another vehicle until this one is shot.
Great vehicle for family and for pulling. Great ride, quiet cabin, good sound system. Looks great on road
Figured it time to upgrade from our 1994 Burb w/ 208k miles. Has been a true workhorse and reliable at that. Waited for second year of new model and we're completely satisfied with our LTZ, professional reviews spot on. The only option we didn't get was retractable steps. The engineering is solid, materials first rate and quality no longer an issue. As for the mpg, I work in a trauma center (ER) and suffice to say those in larger, late model vehilces with all the latest safety features predictably do much better. When one considers the cargo (family), the mpg becomes, at least of us, a distant secondary concern! Better safe, than sorry.
Had a 99 Burb but stuff kept going wrong so ended up with a new 08 LTZ. Overall great truck and I love to drive it. Average about 14mpg city (0.7-1 mpg less than onboard pc states) and around 10mpg towing my boat. In 3.5 months I have put over 5K miles on it. Personally, I think it looks awesome inside and out, and the materials seem top notch; except for one thing (and this is why I wanted to leave a review). In less than 4 months, my passenger side headlamp is already starting to cloud up. I live in TX and where I park it gets full sun from noon to dusk, but for a $50K vehicle, this is absolutely unacceptable!
I had a 2002, so I can vouch for all the additions. When they said completely redesigned they meant it. I find the fuel economy extremely good for a beast of this nature. I drive for a living and in less than a year have put 30000 miles on my truck (mostly city miles) and it still drives like new, its a work horse. I shopped the Escalade (overpriced), Denali (not as good looking), Expedition (not a better ride), Navigator (overpriced) and the Suburban seemed to me, the better buy . Great power, fun to drive, nice look and reliable. I would buy it again.
I bought this car because I love my 2003 Tahoe Z71 so much. Phenominal truck. You can't break it with a baseball bat. I gave my wife the Tahoe and traded her Ford Windstar in for the Suburban, which I now drive. Excellent ride, nice power, good braking. I bought the LTZ, so it has all of the creature comforts. Very comfortable. You could drive this car for days without tiring. Personally, I think it is the nicest looking truck on the street, with my Tahoe a close runner up. For city or combo driving I average 16 mpg. I tend to go 75 - 80 mph on the highway, which gives me slightly less than 16 mpg. The Windstar would give me 20 plus on the highway, so that is a disappointment.
My family loves this Suburban. The space is comfortable and they love the DVD player and the radio. The fact that we can listen to different things at the same time.
I love this vehicle. I traded my 2003 burb in on this 08 and I love it. The ride is much better and the gas mileage isn't bad for a truck this size especially with the deactivation mode. It changes smooth w/o notice. I love the seating refinements, I drove all the way to Ga (about 8 hrs) and I was not tired, it was great. Keep up the good work Chevy, I love ya.
Purchased in Feb 08. Currently have about 1700 miles on it and love it. We opted for the Z71 model, because of the ability to go on moderate off road trails. I will probably look into putting a small lift on it eventually as ground clearence isn't what it should be for 4x4...my 99 Silverado z71 has more ground clearence than this, but for a family vehicle, we will love it and keep it for well over 200,000 miles. Also like the fact we can put e85 in it, though I will confess, in Denver traffic, we only get about 11 miles to the gallon. But at $2.19 a gallon, it only costs $65 to fill instead of $95 w/91 octane. The e85 gets us about 300mpg vs 450mpg with 91. No 6spd tranny for 1500. 
Purchased in January 08. Vehicle rides very good. My wife is impressed with the purchase, she even likes to drive it. The GPS, backup camera is a excellent feature. We utilize the GPS most of the time. The vehicle's performance is exceptional with the active fuel management, getting 19.5 mph at 70 mph.
Without a doubt, the best bang for the buck in todays market. I purchased a 4WD LTZ with all the options. This car looks good, is wel built and perform extremely well for the size. Build quality is fine and there are no issues I can find so far. For ski trip of hauling kids and stuff, there is very little competition. 
Just traded our 2005 Nissan Armada for an LTZ Suburban. The Suburban is so much better built than the Armada. I love the rock solid feel and ride of this car. The new interior is great. I highly recommend this car!
I took posession of my factory ordered Suburban the weekend before the GM labor strike. The quality of my unit should be an example - no problems noted so far. I test drove the Suburban, Yukon/XL and Hummer H2 over a several month period before deciding to order. The new exterior is pleasing, the interior is well designed and comfortable. Leather in Titanium soiled easy - later added Factory seat covers. Radio sounds great - GPS unit has worked flawlessly, though needs upgrade for new road construction in last year. Engine accelerates smooth...in-city driving 11MPG...highway cruise control driving 23 MPH at 55MPH, 19MPH at 65MPH, 16-17MPH at 75MPH. 4WD/Auto provides good traction in snow.
Bought our 2008 Suburban on 9/18. We were evaluating the Expedition EL and the Sub. I found the Suburban to have better interior quality. The standard suspension is very smooth. The 08 has redesigned gauge faces. They look better than the 07's. Sound system (standard) sounds great. Ebony Leather seats very comfortable. V8 Power is great. Wife took a trip from LA to Phoenix. Averaged 17 MPG with mixed City/Hwy driving. An excellent value. You cannot go wrong on this one. We got the Blue Granite Metallic paint. It is very sharp. We were staying away from normal white/silver/black.
I just traded in my Yukon Xl for the Suburban. Overall, this is a great SUV. It looks stylish yet rugged and is very functional. The car is easy to drive and has a great turn radius. I feel very safe driving my kids around in this car. The new seat design is great. The driver's seat and passagner's seats are extremely comfortable. The lumbar support is superior. The front controls are easy to use and positioned very well. 
Our 2008 Tahoe was delivered just a few days ago. I absolutely love it. The interior is beautiful and designed well for families. We have the rear entertainment package with the DVD player and I love just flipping the screen down and popping in the movie. No cords or wires to mess with! The split bench seats are genius-- increases cargo space without losing an entire row of seating. It performs well and it is interesting to watch it switch from V8 to V4 on the highway. My average fuel economy thus far is around 18, and that includes a 200 mile highway trip and around town driving. 
I bought this vehicle and from day one have had problems. I have the LTZ and first the sunroof and entertainment system broke on day one, they replaced it. Then the check engine light came on twice and fixed it something with the omission system covered by warranty. Then the door handle came off for no reason in my hand, not covered by warranty, dealer said this happens to Tahoe's. Then intermediate steering column makes clunk noise not covered by warranty GM is aware of problem but won't recall it because not a safety issue. costs $300. I don't know about you but steering is a safety issue. No trunk space with 3rd row up. Not happy can't wait to trade it.
Definitely love this Tahoe. This is my second SUV. Came from a 2006 Hummer H3, which I realized was a mistake shortly after the purchase. Even thought both vehicles are GM products, the Tahoe by far is definitely a better vehicle in every category, i.e., comfort, build quality, interior, exterior, gas mileage, and ride. My girlfriend and I absolutely love to drive the HOE. Avg. city mpg is around 15.5 and hwy when cruising around 70 mph is 21. Not bad for a 5600 lb. vehicle with a V8. Plan on keeping the Tahoe for many years. 
Bought my Tahoe new last October on the 0% interest deal. Truck drives as smooth as can be on the highway. No squeeks, rattles, or loose parts in the interior and I am now at 12,000 miles. It is a bit sluggish for me, but power is good for the vehicle size (nothing a custom tune can't fix). I tend to have a heavy foot, and I am comparing it to the Trailblazer SS I had right before it. This is my first Full Size SUV and I am pleased so far. Feels like I am driving a house on wheels because it is so comfortable to drive. I feel very safe with my wife and baby boy in the car. I can get about 450 miles (mixed driving) to a tank of gas which is excellent in my opinion for a vehicle this size.
First Chevy I've owned. It's very roomy and comfortable. Love sitting high up on the road!!!
First GM in years. Came from a 08 Chevy classic truck. Bought this one sight unseen due to color prefrence. Tahoe was built in Arlington assembally plant. Very poor build job, had to adjust tailgate latch to get it to close, adjusted all doors and folding seats for smoother operation. Very poor rear seating quality, jamming is a problem when folding. Been in shop 4 times for electronic problems, intermittent failures of 4 wheel drive, Stabilitrac/Trac control. Looks like side molding tape will pull loose soon. Dealer claims wiring harness was routed wrong and was the cause of electronic faults. Again poor build quality. My suggestion would be to get your Tahoe from another assembally plant.
I love my Tahoe. It is my third Tahoe and I can't say enough good things about it. Drives wonderful, smooth and quiet. Radio is awesome! Gas mileage is not much different from a mini van. Gives me a safe feeling when driving it. Handles and turning ratio is great. 
My wife and I have been wanting a new Tahoe for over a year. With the 0% and all we still couldn't afford much more than a base model LS. But we found a leftover 2008 LT with the LT2 package, plus second row bucket seats & third row vinyl seats. MSRP was over $42K, after Red tag and additional rebates we paid $31K. Even with paying 5% interest we were able to afford way more car than with the 0% sales. Go find a 2008 Tahoe now, you have the power to buy it for next to nothing!
Got out of a Toyota Tundra. Loved it, looking for 5+ seating. My new LTZ is all the truck I'll need. Stuck with a truck/SUV because of the family boat. Cannot believe I paid $17,000 less than MSRP - could not find a better deal for same amount of truck anywhere. If you are in the market, you have 100% leverage and can buy a Tahoe for less than ever now.
My neighbor and I bought vehicles at the same time. I bought the Tahoe and he bought the Expedition. We constantly rib each other about whose is better! Upon first drives, they both were very good vehicles. The Tahoe softer, and the Ford more nimble. Nearly a year later, I rode with him last week. His is still quiet. Mine squeaks, rattles, has highway wind noise. I never thought I'd say this, but I did not want to get back in my Chevy after riding in his year old Ford. Sorry, GM, it's good on test drives and initial quality, but just doesn't hold together as well as your competitor. 
Love this SUV. Can't say enough. So comfortable, power is ok. The look is top notch. Great family car if you have less than 3 kids. I would recommend this over the Expedition or Durango any day!
Love my new Tahoe! Just came from an Armada and do miss some of the extra storage but I'm loving the ride, super comfort. Mileage is awesome. If you practice hypermiling you can get 17mph around town. It's amazing how far this will coast. I didn't realize that new vehicles are designed to disengage the tranny when you let your foot off the gas. Great way to improve economy.Just went to Maine and got 20.4 hwy at 75mph and 21 when I cut it back to 62- 65mph.
We bought the new 2008 Tahoe 6/27/08 and already have a major concern. We have a growing family and and our new one (w/3rd seat) stinks! The seating design was obviously not thought out very well. We purchased the 2008 with two full benches, second row has 40/60 split, and the car seat latch (anchors/tethers)system was not put in the correct spot. They are located on the 40 spilt, and the middle seat of the 60 spilt of the second bench, putting these directly behind the passenger seat and in the the middle making it impossible for anyone to accesess the 3rd bench without removing and re-installing a child car seat every time to access 3rd seat! (have 2 c/s's)
The Chevy Tahoe is one of a kind. Chevy has stepped its game up. Coming to fuel economy it get sabout 14 CTY 19 HWY. That is saying a little bit. The cons of the vehicle are the third row of seating has about 2-4 inches of leg room, the truck space is very limited. On some LT models the rims are not designed good. The pros are great towing ability, 1st and 2nd row comfort. The design is very nice and interior is nice. 
Great Vehicle. MPG is around avg 15 city and 19 highway. I have been able to get 22-23 hwy on many long trips if your not heading into the wind. Even while towing it gets around 17-18 mpg and it's so quiet on the highway too. 
My husband just bought me this '08 LTZ in the white diamond appearance pkg.w/ 20" wheels. It's a definite head turner. After driving a Toyota for 10years with no real issues I was set on getting another Toyota. However you can't beat the Tahoe in price and all the options. With a family of 4 we can't ask for anything more. And gas mileage is pretty good for such a large SUV. It's pretty comparable to the minivans we looked at. I'm getting about 16mpg in the city and about 21mpg on interstate driving. The Tahoe is the way to go!
I went from a 07 Rendevouz to a 08 Tahoe this past January. That was the best move ever. I now have room for 3 kids + 5 more adults to sit comfortably. Chevy has outdone themselves with the nice exterior look and comfortable ride. 
Smooth SUV! Got the LT2 package with 20" wheels. The Granite blue paint turns heads on the road. Plenty of power and you can't beat the price. Gas mileage is on average 15-16mpg. Drove the Yukon and you can get the same package in a Chevy for a few thousand less. 
I love my new Tahoe! The ride and styling are awesome! Rides better than the car I traded. I have an LT3 with the Z71 package. I considered the LTZ, but felt I was getting a lot of expensive features that don't add much resale value. Save yourself the $2K for 20" wheels on the LTZ and get the Z71's 18 inchers. The Z71 also has all the chrome accents of an LTZ. I agree with another post that the Active Fuel Mgmt is a gimmick, but E85 is awesome. So what if mileage goes down, the fuel is cheaper and Made in the USA! 
Bought the LTZ with Sun/Fun and Entertainment package. I must say we love the car. This is my 3rd "current generation" Tahoe...had an '01, '04, and now the '08. A few "fit and finish" issues with seat covering pulling away from cushion...but nothing too tragic. They did fix a service bulletin item on my first service visit...problem with spring over left rear tire being slightly eskew caused a weird klunk when you went over speed bumps. Fixed at no charge...about 1/2 hr work. We've been very happy with the car. Gas mileage is better than a Honda Odyssey with lots of room, comfort, and luxury. Recommend highly...but haggle cause everybody's dumping their SUV's these days.
I've had my LTZ now for about 2 months and am pretty happy with it. Had an '03 Sequoia and was about to pull the trigger on an '08 but decided to test drive the Tahoe...thank God I did. Better looking, more features, and a better price than the Toyota. Only thing the Seqouia had which I wish the Tahoe has is fold flat 3rd row seating and a little more rear storage room. I've towed our boat and the automatic rear leveling suspension (which I guess is only available on the LTZ) works great. I wish I would have bought this a few months earlier to try the 4x4 out. By the way the guy who wrote that he's getting 18.3 mpg 70% city is a liar. I'm getting 14-15 mpg in 50/50 city/hwy driving. 
After 1.5 years of SUV research and actually targeting the Denali, we found the White Diamond LTZ and were totally impressed over the Denali! Purchased this beautiful SUV w/White Diamond Pkg, 20" Wheels, Sun/Dest Ent Pkg, Titanium Interior 2 weeks ago for my wife and we both absolutely love it! I cannot say enough about being so impressed with how far GM has come in their interior design, dead-silent cabin, feature rich appointments, and overall comfort. With 2 kids, bags/laptop cases, a stroller, and almost daily trips to the store, this SUV is the most awesome and fitting vehicle we have owned to date. We intend to use the OnStar, as it will incoporate family shared plans on Verizon.
Bot this car since we commute 1x week 200 miles back and forth from home to work through the mountains of western Maryland. This truck is a dream to drive on the highway. We bought the car because of 0% finance and GM rebate. The $49,000 sticker was really the same price as a $36K car, so it was a good value. We are pleased, except that the car is so big and heavy it is a little tough in the city. Gas mileage for us is 16.9 combined over the past 5000 miles. 
Compaired Tahoe and Toyota Sequoia, bought the Tahoe. A lot more equiptment for the money, nicer interior and better gas mileage. New 100K/5yr warranty also helped with decission. I have the LTZ with all the toys and they all work as advertised. Ride is very smooth,the V8 to V4 modes are seamless. Biggest negative is rear seating, especially the 3rd row and the lack of independant rear suspension. The Toyota is the winner in these areas. The 08 Tahoe appears larger than my 03 Tahoe Z71 , but it has the same dimentions. The 08 is less truck like than the 03 with a lower dash. The 03 did have more storage areas than the 08. 
Just got my wife into the 2LT with the Sun & Entertainment package added in. It's basically an LTZ without the chrome and the heated rear seats. We got it black with cashmere (tan) interior. It's super sharp looking. The wife loves it. Our goal was to have our three kids fit across the 2nd row bench seat, leaving plenty of cargo room -- or room for other kids. It's no problem. The kids love the DVD, and the wife is loving the sweet Bose system with sat radio, nav, and the rear view cam. I can't wait to start trying the OnStar, and try towing my boat with it. This makes our old (loaded) Pacifica look pretty lame. If you need the full size SUV for the family, this ride is truly great.
i just bought a black LTZ and sure it is a head turner with the chrome package being standard. It came with the 20 inch wheels and love the way they work with the shocks and suspention. All together they give a very comfortable ride.
My family recentley bout a white diamond edition LTZ Tahoe 2wd. The vehicle is excellent its luxurious but we still can tow our boat with it! The navigation system and power tailgate make for easy loading and directions. The OnStar system is also handy. My mom already got locked out, and they opened our doors right up. The car has some Escalade bling to it as well. The 20" rims accent the metallic white diamond paint well. The chrome grille makes the truck look more powerful. And it gets fairly good mpg for a full size truck as well!
I downsized from my 2005 Suburban, but haven't regretted the loss of cargo area. I purchased this vehicle with all available options including the Z71 off road protection. Have had it loaded with 3 hunters, 25 geese decoys, 3 duck blinds and all our gear, and could've added more, can't wait for turkey season. This vehicle handles exceptionally well and is an absolute pleasure to drive, always comfortable ride and has felt safe to drive in all of our weather conditions- rain, ice and snow.
Growing up as the son of an executive in the auto industry, I started at a young age having the opportunity to drive many different styles, and types of vehicles. My first personal SUV purchase was a 1991 Chevy Trailblazer. From there, I've owned, leased or at least have driven every GM style SUV, both full size and mid size. In December, my company decided it was time for me to turn in my 2003 Chevy Tahoe as it had 167,000 miles on it. Picking up the new Black 4wd LT was very exciting, however, I didn't realize just how exciting it truely was going to be. It rides better than most cars I've driven. Hands down it's the best SUV I've ever driven.
I just got my Tahoe LTZ. I love it, it drives great and it's very comfortable. I like how the LTZ comes standard with navigation, i drive a lot and it is really helpful. I got it in black and with the 20" chrome rims and the chrome handles it definentley stands out. I also love the power deployed side steps. 
Needed more room for the gang...went from a Cadillac SRX to the Tahoe LTZ Black with chrome package - 20" chrome wheels. What a beauty and fun to drive. Head turning looks...smooth riding on the 20s. Bucket seats are very comfortable. 
I switched from a 02 Deviile to the Tahoe for more room due to an expanding family, and didn't want a minivan. Never owned a SUV much less driven one. I'll never own a car again. 
2008 Tahoe w/ 2LT. Compared to my 05 Yukon SLT, the new Tahoe is a huge improvement. Interior, specifically the dash, is now luxurious as opposed to looking like a cheap truck. Leather is much better quality. 3rd row seats still don't fold flat, have to manually remove. But now the 2nd row doesn't fold flat. They tumble forward to allow access to 3 row. Nice if you need it, but I'd rather have the 2nd row fold flat like the older version that made the cargo area cavernous. Yukon was loud, lots of wind noise. This Tahoe is quiet and has a very smooth ride. Expert reviews complain its too soft and unresponsive. I'll take soft any day. Not doing slaloms in a 5500 lb trk. avg 16 mpg
I got this Tahoe LTZ after trading in my '02 Tahoe. I thought that was a great SUV until I got my new Tahoe. It's absolutely beuatiful, in white with the chrome wheels, grille and in white. The insides white leather seats are the most comfortable seats I've ever sat in. Already at 2500 miles and I'm getting 18.3 MPG with about 70% city driving. I've owned a '02 Tahoe, '98 Tahoe, and this is the best Tahoe by far
After due research I decided against the BMW X5 and the Mercedes GL320 in favor of the Tahoe LTZ, based on total satisfaction on my previous 2002 Tahoe. I am very satisfied with the choice and I saved $25,000 over the others. The Tahoe so far exceeds anything I experienced in testing out the BMW or Mercedes. The fuel economy should improve as I break in the engine. Recommend this awesome car! Also recommend the sun and sound options with the LTZ that includes the rear camera, DVD, Navigation system and sunroof. 
As a previous Ford owner, we are trying our first Chevy. So far, it has been great. OnStar and navigation systems are a very nice asset. The comfort is comparable to the Ford Expedition, possibly more room in the front seats than the Ford counterpart. Ride is what you would expect from the SUV vehicle market. Interior is roomy with rider's comfort in mind. Third row is tight and Chevy needs to take a lesson from Ford in this area.
After going Japanese for the last 7 years, I finally went back to the General and I was not disappointed. My Tahoe LTZ is very well built, comofortable, beautiful and drives every bit as well as any import. I recently bought my wife an Audi Q7 and, with the exception of the Audi's Ipod interface, I enjoy the Tahoe hands down over the Audi. I only wish that Chevy would finally put in fold flat seats in the vehicle.
First GM product I have puchased in 30 years. I've driven a 97 Land Cruiser since it was new and it's still going strong with 160,000 miles. I will say the Tahoe has a tough act to follow, but so far so good.
We had a 2001 Chevy Tahoe that we liked very much. When it was time to trade we checked out the Chevy Tahoe Hybrid. We really love the truck, we call it the magic carpet ride because it rides so smooth. Wind noise is minimal and the power is great for a full size SUV. Recently we took it on a trip pulling our 6,000lb boat and trailer, I hardly knew the trailer was on the back of the vehicle. After 180 miles one way, we arrived as if we had been riding without the trailer. I own a 2003 Dodge 2500 with Hemi engine, that truck beats us to death and it does not pull the trailer with the ease of this vehicle. We also got between 12.5 and 14.3 MPG, the truck would get 9.5 MPG.
I've gotta say for the fuel efficiency, hands down, the best. Traded my old Range Rover for it & I'm super happy about my gas mileage but it is BIG. Bigger than any other vehicle I've had. The rear camera needs improvement (the angle and range are off). The rear sensors are not as sensitive as they should be (minor fender bender backed into a small car) But I get 30+ on the highway easy. Trust me, I'm always checking. They were very modest with the mpg. So whenever I'm in Atl or DC traffic, I'm laughing at the suckers who are burning up their money lol. Took the 3rd row seats out, there's no room for storage with them in. 
I've had 2 other gas Tahoe's since 2004 and the #1 question I get when someone notices I have a Hybrid is "does it have any power?", and the second of course is "what kind of gas mileage do you really get". I'm always very proud to say it's more powerful than either of my 2 previous gas Tahoe's and I get 19-21 in town, and about the same on longer trips. I had the dealership remove all the decals on body, and removed the windshield decals myself with a hair dryer & WD40 (it really works!). The only thing I miss is my power tailgate. This Hybrid is Mybrid and if you want one, get your own! 
I traded in a BMW 745i for this vehicle for the space and 3rd row of seats. I was so happy at first, until things started breaking. First, every time i filled the gas tank up, the truck missed and wouldnt run. Something was wrong with the gas tank which allowed it to fill up too much. Second, a sensor went out causing me to almost not stop in a parking lot. Then, the hybrid system in the transmission went out. Now, my driver side rear door won't open and im taking it in tomorrow. Finally, I only average 16mpg city. This is nowhere near the 21 advertised on the sticker when I bought it. 
I absolutely love this car. I have only had it for a couple of weeks, and I like driving it more and more everyday. I had my eye on an 07 Tahoe when I purchased this one and I am so glad I did. Not to mention the black is fabulous! I have seen the ones with the hybrid decals, but mine did not come with those and I am glad. The gas mileage has proved better than the minivan we previously owned. I would recommend this care to anyone.
I have enjoyed this vehicle very much, especially during the summer of '08 when gas hit $4.00 a gallon. It rides very well, has lots of room and is quiet after 45,000 miles. I have had it in for extra service 3 times due to the hybrid transmission failing - first the modulator, then the transmission itself, then the modulator again. Fortunately the failures occurred close to home and the dealer was terrific in getting it repaired quickly. I am willing to put up with the hassle to get the excellent mileage for a full sized SUV.
I traded an 07 Tahoe LTZ on this hybrid. It's great sitting at a stand- still and still having cold A/C while burning no fuel. The 4WD works great. I miss the rain sense wipers, memory seats, and power tailgate, but I love getting 4-5mpg more than on the all gas Tahoe. Especially since this one has more power than the engine on a regular Tahoe. I've saved some 25% on my gas useage, and since it was >$4.00/gal last summer and fall that adds up to a lot of money. The ride is great and it pulls my trailer effortlessly. I bought as soon as it was available so I did have a recall to replace something in the hybrid system, but they put me in a Caddy while it was in the shop, so OK.
I am truly enjoying my Tahoe. It rides nicely, and brakes very well. The technology is great, and the OnStar directions service is amazing. I just got a cable for my iphone, and it connects perfectly with the stereo system, and allows great connectivity to my phone. I also love the interior. The year end deal was fabulous with lots of incentives. 
I traded in a 2007 gas Tahoe for the 2008 hybrid. The mileage is everything that they say it is. It has changed my driving habits somewhat, I'm not a agressive and heavy footed at I used to be. Average 21.3 MPG overall, city mostly, little highway. On my gas Tahoe, I'd get 325 miles per tank if I was lucky, on the hybrid I can get 500 miles per fill-up.
My hybrid stinks - Gas mileage is 16 MPG - Intermittent noise under hood that GM says cannot be fixed - been in shop over 45 days now. GM District Service Manager basically called me a liar & told me the cars simply not broke in yet & I'm buying cheap gas at Shell. GM refuses to repurchase the vehicle & refuses to fix the problem because the noise is intermittent. Factory couldn't even test Hybrid Component to see if that's the problem! After being bullied by GM probably won't buy another GM vehicle! New technology not always great!
The incorporation of a CVT on a full size SUV really makes the difference here. Not only does this feature always keep the vehicle in the perfect RPM range, it is super smooth. I just wish the interior was a bit more modern. My reliability rating is a wash as I have only had the vehicle for a few weeks.
I was in the market for a large SUV. So why not decrease my carbon exposure and increase some fuel saving. I avg. 21.3 city driving and almost 24 highway. The hybrid technology has changed the way I drive in that I am not as aggressive a driver as I once was; saving much more on fuel economy. I totally recommend hybrids. Great purchase even though people think a large SUV Hybrid is an oxymoron.
For a vehicle this size it is relatively quick and a fun ride. Handling is good, and most importantly, the mileage thus-far is performing up to stated claims. You can tell it is a hybrid as you drive it at lower speeds since it feels like you're driving an electric golf cart. Sometimes, there is hesitation from a dead stop as it decides whether to use electric, gas, or a combo of the two to get the truck moving. A minor quibble. Interior controls are intuitive and easy to figure out. It lacks some bells and whistles that vehicles of this price tend to have, however, such a programmed seating, heated outside mirrors, and 6-disc CD player. All in all, I love it!
Pretty slow. Saves gas though. Worth the 50 k in the long run. Not really into the whole green movement but this car is really nice.
We recently purchased a 2008 Chevy TrailBlazer 1LT... our first American built car after a trio of Nissans.We are very happy with our purchase so far. Excellent ride,expected fuel mileage 15city/21hwy,excellent space for each passenger,a real surprise. We were not set on a TrailBlazer but after our purchase we would not hesitate to purchase a newer more updated version if it was produced. 
I needed an AWD truck/SUV and opted for the TBSS (rebates, standard features). No regrets, drives great, enough power to scare you and pulls a 20' bassboat like it isn't even attached. No problems or issues in 20k miles. Only problem is no matter how I drive I can't get over 16mpg, 50 or 100 doesn't matter. Low 14 high 16, but with everything onboard and the performance not to be found ANYWHERE else in a SUV, period, I'm nit picking about the gas mileage. Love the vehicle. 
Best SUV for the price! Have driven quite a number of new and used SUV's. In my opinion it was well worth the price I paid! Very comfortable to sit in, controls within easy reach, well designed. The front bottom seats are especially long, which relieves leg stress on long trips! Very stable on the road, even at 70. Hardly any sway around corners. Great fuel economy with 6 cylinder engine. Plenty of passing power. All the bells and whistles. Very roomy trunk. Great CD sound system. Easy to reach oil filter. 
First TB was 02, and didn't like 4.2. Was traded for 04 Tahoe that was great, but I was offered special incentives to trade on a 08TB 5.3, and have enjoyed it ever since. MPG average is about 18.2 and seems to improve with middle grade 89.
The stabilitrack light comes on and the dealers can not find a problem. The vehicle once would not move when that light came on. We finally used Onstar to capture the error code but the dealerships we took it to could not identify the problem. The windows are slow to go up and are noisy. 
I love it. Drives awesome, looks even better. There's not a lot of them around where i live so its awesome being next to the tuner guys and give em hell. The ride is very smooth. Everything is straight forward. Fuel economy is something everyone seems to have an CON for but what do you expect out of an SUV with a corvette engine in it. Id recommend anyone that needs the room of the SUV but the fun of a sports car to buy it and never look back. 
well so far ive had my trailblazer almost a month and ive gotten to drive it for two weeks of it. only 500 miles on it and already in shop 3 times for check engine light comming on. first couple times they thought it may be a gas cap, now its been in shop for several days for same thing however now its because a bad sensor that they had to pull gas tank to get to. hopefully that fixes it, thank god for 36,000 mile warranty, after its over come talk to me if you want a 08 trailblazer for cheap as is. anyway, i like my rental car
We were looking at a Yukon or a Tahoe but for the price you just can't beat this. I was a little hesitant at first to buy this but I quickly changed my mind. The drive is super smooth (better then some cars) there is room in the back for my 6'3 husband and enough room for our two large Labradors in the back. With a new baby on the way we should have plenty of room for everyone :)
We purchased this vehicle new for $18K when GM was offering great rebates- what a bargain! In 2003 we purchased a TB for my daughter and were impressed by the ride and ease of parking and handling. The reliability of her TB was OK, but not stellar. In 90,000 miles she had to have the fan clutch replaced, a passenger side power window replaced at her cost and had some initial warranty problems with door seals and taillights. I read where GM later changed the type of fan clutch and solved that problem. 
This has always been a dream vehicle until we bought it. The vehicle is very comfortable except the backseat which is very uncomfortable and no room. There is no extras it is only basic inside.
After owning a 2002 TrailBlazer, decided to get a new one. Boy was that a mistake. I loved it for the first 2 1/2 months. Then the stabilization light came on, got it fixed then check engine light came on. The nightmare begins, took in 12/27/08 and as of this date 2/24/09 I still have not gotten it fixed. They cannot get a torque converter. They say that is my problem. If they cannot get that part, what is to say they can get any other part that breaks! I am begining to hate Chevy. Paying for something, I cannot drive!
Since buying this vehicle I have driven it in town, on highways, in mud, in sand, in snow, and some on ice. Much of the driving has been a combination of city and highway, but it has been on one trip of about 2000 miles. The performance has been great and the overall mileage has been better than I expected. Most city driving yields about 15-16mpg and most highway driving has yielded 19-20 mpg. However, during the 2000 mile trip the TrailBlazer (6 cylinder) got 23 mpg at times with an overall average of 21 mpg for the trp. This is a very comfortable vehicle to drive and to ride as a passenger. It has not given me any problems so far.
The hands down best SUV I have ever driven. I have never been a fan of buying new cars until the day I drove to the dealership to test drive something fast just for the fun of it. Months went by and I couldn't get that car out of my head. Its the comfort of one of a luxury SUV, hands down best looking SUV on the market and is powered by the 400hp ls2 corvette motor. Not sure if you want one? No harm in just test driving one. 
After being a 25 year Ford customer and having a dismal experience with my last Explorer, I decided to make the switch to a Chevy. Wow what a difference, I should have done it years ago. The TrailBlazer is as beautiful as the Explorer, with a much smoother ride. I can't feel every little crack in the road like with the Explorer, the transmission is superb with none of the problems I experienced from day one with the horrible Explorer transmission (so far, I haven't had it long). Chevy offers the 100,000 mile powertrain warranty which tells me that they put alot of confidence in their product.
My 08 TrailBlazer SS is a truly enjoyable ride. Porsche people will hate this but the car this reminds me most of is the 97 911C2S I drove for a while. Looking over the stubby hood and praying that there is enough traction to make it around the corner makes for fun- if not especially confidence inspiring- driving. There is however a lot of traction and brakes to go with the power of the LS2.
This is my second TrailBlazer. My first was an '06 that I gave up without a single problem after 70,000 miles. GM was discounting the new '08 models so heavily I had to buy one. This is a very well-built vehicle. Naturally, GM decided to shut down the plant that makes them.
The TrailBlazer is a plain vanilla SUV, but get in and see what you get for thousands less than those that get the great reviews. It has some great features, phone, directions & emergency. A very nice ride, Bose speakers, buttery soft leather, 2 zone temp control & deep tinted windows. And a lot of room, I'm a big guy at 265 & I'm not squished in , the seats are large & firm with plenty of headroom.
This is my second Trailblazer. I had my first for three years without one single problem. And although some people might think the styling is a bit dated, it's unpretentious, and as functional and reliable a vehicle as you could ask for. Comfortable and fun to drive. And the inline six is bulletproof. This is one solid, well-built vehicle.
Drive the rest. The TrailBlazer is comfortable, powerful, roomy, handles fairly well, tows a lot, has all the gadgets. This is my second and I wasn't prepared to spend $5-10 grand more for a car with slightly better handling. These cars are bulletproof and in '06-'08 all the kinks have been worked out of this proven truckster. Rides smooth. Drive one and see for yourself. 100K trans and for around a grand get a 100K bumper-bumper and you are good to go. Buy American, save a family!
Saw it, liked it, drove it, bought it. It was a great experience. The ride is smooth, acceleration good for nice sized rig and 6 cylinders. Exceptionally comfortable easy, to load groceries etc. Easy to get into and exit. Some don't like the seat belts, I do as they are lower than most and not across neck. We have been averaging 18.5 mpg. I was very impressed going over the bumps etc.
I drove Jeeps for years. I am so glad I made the switch to my TrailBlazer. I can only say great things about it! Would recomend it to anyone looking for a midsize suv! We have plenty power to tow our camper and boat. Better gas mileage than expected!
After owning 2 Corvettes but needing a truck, this is a great way to go. Gas mileage could be much better if Chevy junked the 4-speed transmission for a five or 6-speed. Other than that, it's a blast to drive. This truck gets a lot of looks and is nicer looking (inside and out) than the SRT Jeep I was looking at. 
I love this vehicle. I have problems with low back pain and seats are a great fit for me. This car drives like a dream with tight ride, a little softer than a Mercedes. I managed to get this car with the 5.3 engine and I am very impressed with the performance and I have no problems merging into busy Dallas traffic. The turning radius is amazing and can easily manage any U-turn or parking lot space. I know the the fuel economy could be better but I can't complain because I knew that when I bought the vehicle. 
Great power, ride, fuel economy better than expected, all the safety features, the quality is awsome! Better than any Toyota I've ever owned. Will buy my wife an 09
Now, on 07-01-08, kind of an update, because I've always felt like initial purchase is like lust, but keeping for a while is long-term love. MPG has leveled at 15 town/road, and drops to 11 if towing.Where's the six-speed A/T? Ride has degraded some because of low- profile tires, but still fun. Obviously, GM engineers don't expect anyone w/ this vehicle to tow anything because of the brain-dead design for electrical connections is impossible to use w/o altering /cutting some plastic. Just for fun, entered a car show we were playing music for, and walked away with a Top 25 medal for newer models. Didn't expect that! Still fun, still drinks gas like Foster Brooks, very nice!
I traded my '05 Equinox for my '08 Trailblazer. It has great pick up and a very comfortable ride.I like the interior styling. The controls are all easy to use. The steering wheel controls were a little confusing at first but I got the hang of it. My 3LT has a lot of nice features, sunroof, Bose Radio w/6 cd changer, blk leather seats with warmers (needed for Chicago winters), recall seating using key remotes. The list goes on. Gas mileage same as Equinox more or less. Right now I am averaging 17.3 in the city (must be the lack of summer traffic).
The "TBSS Experience" is as close as you're going to come today to getting a true sense of the good old glory days of the historic "Chevy SS" muscle cars of the '60s and early '70s! This vehicle not only recreates the feeling of the "SS power cruisers" of the past - - but it has handling, ride, comfort, and convenience features that go well beyond most vehicles (car, SUV, or truck) on the road today, especially in its price-range. This is an all- around, truly fine, American-made, limited production vehicle! Pretty spectacular all-around!
This is my second TrailBlazer to purchase. The first one I had for four years with vitually no mechanical problems. I love the 2008 and the cosmetic changes to the front and rear end and the wheels! Great black leather interior, sun roof and 6 disc cd. It is really fun to drive and looks good. OnStar is a nice security feature too
We traded in a 2005 Saturn Vue because of our growing family. It is more comfortable, quieter, than the Vue. The Vue was much faster due to the Honda V6 that it had, and it was better on gas. For being rwd, the TrailBlazer did great in the snowy season we had in Detroit Michigan. We never got stuck, or slid off the road. We average 15mpg in the city, and 20mpg on the high way.
My 2008 TrailBlazer SS AWD is the first performance truck I have owned. In the past I have had BMWs. Z Cars, etc. as my performance rides and a Blazer as my truck. I read a lot of reviews and on-line postings about the TB SS. I took one for an extended test drive and I was hooked. No car I have ever seen does everything well. The truly great cars are a balance of features and the Trailblazer SS is a great ride. Chevy has not just jammed a Corvette engine in a SUV. They have paid attention to all the details such as handling, comfort, looks, build quality, and did I say performance? They have tweaked everything. You will forget that you are in an SUV. The SS is a true joy to drive. 
Course I got this before the current gas problems, but I don't care! With the 6.0L engine, this is a blast to drive. Feels very solid; better than my last; 2004 Silverado Crew Cab. AWD really feels good. Mileage is worse than expected, but not horrible. (The same as my Silverados' 5.3L engine) Road/Street combined around 14-15 mpg. Have found 1.5 mpg difference between 55mph, and 65mph. Build quality vey,very good. No problems, 4,00 mi. into it. Just a good, less expensive Corvette, with a big trunk!
The wife wanted a hybrid, but nothing caught my except the TBSS. It has a mean muscular stance. We bought one in Red Jewel Tintcoat. Just a beautiful color. It is fast, roomy, and handles real well. I like big trucks. I'm a big guy, and even though the HHR was better on gas, this works the best for us. My wife drives it to and from the train station and we use it on weekends. If I had to drive this to my work every day, 80 miles roundtrip, I wouldn't buy it because the gas would kill us. This is one awesome vehicle and is a lot fun to drive.
I was a first time buyer of a Toyota product and after two years traded it on a Chevy TrailBlazer, best thing I've ever done. Great ride, plenty of power, good ride even on the long trips, good gas mileage, lots of head and leg room. Just a great fun to drive SUV. Next time I will stick with GM.
For all you SS lovers out there, Chevy finally answered back! This SUV has it all... power, suspension, body style and all the options you need cruising at 100mph. I've had no problems with the windows rolling-up at high speeds (like another review I read) and the new 4 speed transmission allows a lot more than torque than any 5 or 6 speed can handle. I own a 2002 Camaro SS with a 6-speed manual transmission and could've only prayed for a 4-speed manual! Less shifting.... more driving! If you like stlye, comfort, power and most importantly SS packages buy this SUV now before there all gone. I recommend the the Black Granite Metallic for paint.
I'm 6'5"tall with long legs and after spending nearly a year trying find a SUV that I could fit my legs into and drive without my knees hitting the driver's door armrest on the left and a place my right leg comfortably without hitting the stupid center console, which most exaggerate these days. The Trailblazer was the smallest SUV I could drive without bumping my legs or knees somewhere and get acceptable gas mileage. Even the new Tahoes have less leg room. Tried the Acadia too, No Dice! Pretty sad when most cars don't fit. I really like the vehicle, got all the bells and whistles I need and it's comfortable, fun to drive and handles well. I traded in a '99 Yukon w/230K miles on it.
Purchased as used 2008 Chevy zone rep. demo. Fairly priced as a demo/used vehicle. Great looking ride!, Interior is very comfortable . Cabin is fairly quiet and well appointed. Lots and lots of features included with the 3LT model. Love the heated leather seats and mirrors. Bose stereo is unbeleiveable! Plenty of power is to be had via the famous Inline 4.2L inline six cylinder engine that I have read so many favorable reviews on. Standard trailering package is a welcome standard feature. So far, this is the nicest vehicle I have owned in over 32 yrs. I drive many miles per weeek, so Chevrolet 5 yr., 100,000 mile warranty is a valuable feature!
Coming from an 07 Cobalt SS/SC with some decent performance mods, this SUV is a beast. I am quite impressed with the comfort, performance, daily drivability, and overall fit and finish of my Trailblazer SS. Stopping power, go power, and manueverability are very surprising to say the least. Surprising in a positive way of course. I would not recommend the dealership I dealt with, but I would highly recommend picking one of these up.
I had my truck for 3 months and steering was shaking violently and brakes were even worse. Took it into the dealership TWICE, but they could find the problem which is still going on! I had a Honda for the past 10 years without a single problem. I regret going with GM. I don't feel safe in it and very hesitant transporting my children in it. I hate this truck and how I fear for my safety in it. Traction light is always coming on and the traction warning light comes on too. I was told it is ok by the dealership and it would reset itself when I turned off the car. It does, only to turn right back on 5-10 minutes later.
Coming off a 2004 Z06 lease I wanted to keep some "Vette" in my life w/2 kids and frequent trips to snow country demand AWD. While no Vette, it does instill confidence leaving tolls or kicking down to pass at any speed. Ride is nice and handling is good for this size vehicle. Seats are comfortable. Window doesn't close properly properly at high speed. I have to slow down, then close to get proper fit wout wind noise. Also transmission wants to slow this car down when you try to coast at about 68 mph. which makes it challenging to keep a steady foot in traffic at that speed. I like my wifes FX45 2x better but after comparing stickers I'm happy.
Most of the people that I know including mechanics love this car. Now I know why. It's a joy to drive. I dislike the new European styling so this is the car for me. GM has a winner in this SUV. Recently found out the the small Hummer uses the same chasis.
Not many changes for 2008, but all together the vehicle is a fun and comfortable muscle-truck. The throttle response at all rpm ranges is strong and allows for a fun drive. The tight sport-tuned suspension leaves one with the feeling of driving a car much lower to the ground. The sound of the Corvette LS-2 engine is evident at idle and even more so in high rpm. The full option electronic interior with heated seats and leather/suede wrapping make for a feeling of luxury most GM SUV's don't allow for. Overall, the SS is very sporty in exterior and interior styling, strong horsepower, and tight suspension with the interior luxury factors making it desirable for even standard SUV fans.
If you're looking for an SUV look into this Chevy. Yea, the gas mileage is terrible, but it handles great, has great looks, and plenty of cargo space. The styling cues are great, and with the usual large Chevy rebate you can get this truck affordably! This is a must consider
If you looking for comfort and performance this is the SUV that you should consider. This has so much power, it's hard to imagine a SUV can give this type of performance. If you looking for a family vehicle that is fuel efficient, this is not your type. If you want something fast with the capabilities of a SUV and comfort, look no further. 
This is the most fun SUV I've ever driven. The power is super & the handling is more like a sports car. If the bad mileage doesn't bother you this SUV is hands down the best performace SUV out there. Only had a minor problem so far & it was fixed promply. Where else can you get a Corvette engine & handling package in a SUV.
This is a fun SUV. Not to be mistaken for a real off road SUV. The fuel mileage is better than the manufacturer says, I'm getting 16.57 mpg. I am looking forward to increasing the horsepower. If you are looking forward to a fun SUV with horsepower this is the SUV for you.
Dont even consider buying this vehicle... Nothing but problems.... Front linkage constantly loosening. Brake rotors wearing unevenly. IGNITION PROBLEMS...whew!!!! Blower Motor Vibrates very loudly Tires wear unevenly. Smithtown Chevy....horrible dealer. Ripoff Salesmen, and Service manager is a tyrant.... no satisfaction, they only fix what they want too... beware REAL GAS MILEAGE ONLY 13 MPG...... HIGHWAY MPG=14MPG CITY MPG = 13MPG 
Overall a good van. No frills at all. Just good reliable transportation. Ours was purchased used with 12,000 miles on it. Price was super great so we could afford it. 
This van has been nothing but problems since the day we bought it. We have kept it 8 short months and are trading it in today. The sensors continue to fail, the air leak in the front window, poor braking system, lack of interior style and comfort. I am a Chevy/GM guy but it's time to switch to a Town and Country. GM was smart by dropping this van. Trading it in while it's still under warranty so whoever gets it can get all the problems fixed under the bumper to bumper warranty.
After reading all the horror stories about this vehicle and its brothers I bought one anyway because I love the body style and the ease of entry for passengers, and I was able to talk the dealer into $500 for an additional 4 year 48,000mi bumper to bumper warranty. I will be back to report on my ownership experiences as they occur, but I want to start by saying I have just driven about 600 miles from Portland to Sacramento and averaged 24.7mpg @65mph average with about 200# passenger. The driving was a breeze and the support of the drivers seat was excellent. No tired back or legs, arrived fresh and happy. Keep your fingers crossed for me.
It was a rental van.It"s fully loaded and so nice to drive.I drive alot for work and bought it just as a work van to haul things or to take groups to different meetings.
We loved our 9 year old Venture but had to replace it. The Uplander LS lacks some of the comfort features we took for granted but it's a good follow-on. Missing are the swing out electric powered windows at the far rear as well as a front seat storage drawer and other storage spaces the Venture had. All the seats are not as wide or plush as the Venture but they're not bad. On the highway, it's quieter than the Venture and ours gets about 26 MPG. Around town, MPG is about the same. Handling is excellent and steering isn't overly sensitive and unforgiving like some SUVs I've driven. Van is great looking and a pleasure to drive.
Great value. For the money you could not get anything even close to the roominess and comfort of this vehicle. Gas mileage is terrible in the city but on highway pretty good. That is given by the size of the vehicle. The engine is perhaps too big for the vehicle, I would sacrifice the power for better gas mileage. I bought the basic version nothing extra and it is still luxury compare to what the standard was few years ago. Power windows and locks, remote, heated mirrors, OnStar, CD and satellite radio.
Sometimes we take long day trips and I wanted something that we could sleep in and I found the Uplander. We've taken the seats out, put in a full size air mattress,velcroed shades to the windows and have slept comfortably and inexpensively at RV parks. We had an 30' RV, needed lots of gas, space and I didn't like driving around with a toilet and every rattling. We are average size people, 5'4" & 5'9", enjoy traveling, dining out and have created our own little over-night pod. We can even take our dogs with us. When we return home, we put the mattress and supplies in a container in the back, keep the 3rd row seats in. If we need more passenger room we can always put the second row back in. 
To start with..The interior design is the worst ever.The seats in the second row are very poorly designed,you cannot recline fully because the seats hit against the interior side walls,they are too narrow and uncomfortable and lack knee space,they should also have been made to swivel.The side sliding doors should have sliding windows on them,not fixed windows.The cruise control is totally in the wrong location, and when in use is not smooth at all.The cigarette lighter or auxiliary outlet is in a very dumb and dangerous location (almost on the floor)makes it nearly impossible to use.The rear door is dangerous when opening,it will slam you in the face if you are not careful. 
I saw in another review a claim of 27.6 MPG. I was also pleasantly surprised in this area. We have been as high as 27.9. We came out of an HHR and it took some getting used to, but this is a damn good buy. The price was very liveable, and we have not found any defect so far. It handles well for a van of any type and the ride is very smooth. Good power. I am waiting for winter to see what effects Traction control and Stabili-trac combined will provide. Overall, I think it is a well thought out vehicle
1st drove this model as a rental car. We liked it so much we bought a new one when we got back from vacation. We had a newer Sedona Minivan and the difference is amazing. While the Kia had good power, the Uplander has that and much more. The powertrain is good for the size of vechile. The seats are really comfortable. The interior is laid out well and there are no blind spots. The doors and all seams line up well and the quality of the paint is good. 
I just bought this vehicle. It was a lease car and I was hesitant to buy it but my wife has been wanting a new car and I got a good deal on it. We immediately took a 600 mile trip in it and I was pleasantly surprised. The fuel economy was pretty good at 27.6 mpg on the road. The ride was nice and visibility was good. Haven't had any issues yet.
2 day old van and defrost blower stopped working. Coldest night of the year too. The dealer took care of the issue giving me a rental. The passenger door and fender don't fit at all at the windshield, big gap on one side no gap on the other. The dealer isnt sure if it can be fixed. A terrible visual disaster. It is however not limited to my van only as I have seen many Uplanders the same. Also a rough idle sometimes with a gentle surge when I have a foot on the brake.
This is the worst vehicle on the roads. The van features poor and ill handling. OnStar is the best feature. I am now trading it in for a New Sienna. Never drive this again
After a younger generation of my family totalled my Lincoln LS on ice, I was in the market for a replacement. Drove many of the "reliable" imports: ranging from Infinity to Lexus. Then I drove the 300C. The others are all great cars, but none offered the classic styling and the WOW effect of the 300C, and the power of the HEMI. The car has been great so far and consistently gives 22 to 23 mpg on the highway runs visiting my kid at college. Great comfort, ride and performance to boot! And unique looks to go with it. The interior could stand to be upgraded a bit. You can see where Chrysler cut corners: But still very liveable inside and out. Just wish the exhaust note was a bit throatier.
Quiet, perfect for a 6' person, 400 + mile trips easy, not fatigue. Gets around better than a 4 x 4 truck in the snow. Would be a tank with Blizzak's! Feels like a luxury car inside. 
I'd been with my car barely a month, but it had been an incredible experience. The ride, the interior comfort plus the looks of the car are second to none. The engine response it fantastic, plenty of power to move the big body. 
I purchased my Chrysler 300 DUB Edition in July of 08 and this car is a real eye popper. Metalic black with grey leather trim and lots of chrome. Oh, did I mention the 20 inch, low profile wheels? I love the vehicle but here are a few suggestions: Should have auto headlights, heated seats and be able to upgrade the sound system for GPS and auto cell phone. One other thing, it is terrible in snow and ice. I need to install snows and the price is $300 per tire. That hurts.
I leased an 05 330C with a Hemi in it. I loved this car and was prepared to purchase it. The car was loaded and gave me zero mechanical problems. When I passed by my dealer to look around at the 08's, I discussed with them the fact that leasing was not something Chrysler was pushing. However, I was directed to an 08 300C Hemi with the SRT design package. It has the standard Hemi, but it's own 20 inch rims, handling package, steering, exhaust and other features from the SRT8. The fuel savings not available on the SRT8 are available on the car I purchased. I love it. Great aggressive styling with multivalve- displacement giving better mileage. Have yet to see one like it on the road.
Have my 2nd. 300C and couldn't be more satisfied. Comfort & performance are the best features. Highway mpg is 27- 28, but have seen 30+ many times. The available power is a plus. Only concern is the size of the brakes, needs better stopping ability, otherwise it is the best value around for the money. Huge trunk and ergonomic perfection.
Terrific car. Saved $8000 with demo, rebate. would take over Lex. 350 and Cadillac cts. why pay extra 10 k. getting 28 mpg on highway. love gps, satellite radio. Luxury. Chrysler got this right. Dealer was terrific. leather seats support well. can't say enough good things about this car. 3.5 L is more than enough power. check this vehicle out. 
I saw the 2005 300 and knew THAT was a car. Once they offered lifetime warranty I felt it was time to get that dream car before they re-design it. I got the Touring V6 as I do not need a Hemi to say I have arrived, or for the thrill of it. I have taken two long trips already and find the car very comfortable and economical. I get around 18 around town and up to 28 on the highway. The AWD is a must in Alaska. Knowing that it has the E-class suspension and 4-matic transmission is very comforting. I hear people think the interior is lacking, but I guess after 5 years of big Ford trucks, it seems quite plush to me. I did get some upgrades that included extra airbags and the blue tooth.
To me the car is flawless except for some parts to the interior. Why there is only an off-White headliner is beyond me. Cream or light tan would add so much more class. The total black dash with tortoise-shell accents is great, but the headliner should either match or be contrasted with something softer. The two-toned dash looks off somehow. Also, a body style like this craves darker colors, like maroon metal flake, to show off the lines. Color selection is so limited. Right now, only black looks good enough to buy. The dash could be more 3- dimensional, and not so flat, but the blue glow should stay. You guys are close, though.
Best car ever for the money. I hope they don't change the design, this one is #1 for good
I just put 18,000 miles on a 2008 Impala LT in 6 months and swapped to the 08 300 LX, both are company fleet vehicles and equipped with fleet packages. Both cars are about the same money but the Impala handled much better. The 300 doesn't hold a center line and is very susceptible to cross winds. The Impala had more features, auto headlights, dual climate controls, flex fuel, remote start as standard. The 2.7 motor in the 300 is okay when cruising but it really works on hills. The 300 is roomier and is distinctive looking vs the rental car look of the Impala. The 300 is boring to drive think Buick LeSabre, Ford or Mercury rear drive cars. I would have rather had a hemi and sport suspension!
I own a Mercedes S430 that I drive as a personal vehicle and purchased the 300 Hemi, AWD as my company car. I have driven the car 12,000 miles in the last 4 months and love it. It is as comfortable as my Mercedes and has many of the same features. Had I owned the 300 prior to the Mercedes I would never have purchased the Mercedes. The 300 is just as much fun to drive, has the same comfort level and only lacks some rear seat leg room in comparison. This won't be my last 300 but this will be my last MB S430.
I love my Hemi. I went from an '01 Avalon to this hemi. My Avalon was a little more luxurious than my hemi, but the car handles so much better! It really turns heads!! The Avalon looks so much like the other Toyotas that people didn't know that I had a top of the line car. This one, looks, feels, and is a much better buy. Easy on the eyes and I get as much or better gas mileage as my Avalon. I was a die hard Toyota fan, but this car has changed my mind. I love it.
Leased this beauty 2 months and 3000 miles ago-compared it to many foreign and domestic sedans before making my choice-have not regretted it for 1 minute. Car is simply amazing to drive, and to look at. Hemi power is as advertised-IMO, much better than the GM 4.6l northstar, or any of the high output V6's. Size is perfect for me and my family of 3 kids. Ride around town, or all day drives are incredibly comfortable. Luxury items like bluetooth, nav, incredible stereo (the 370 watt stereo w/ mygig is just nuts!) I've owned a lot of vehicles over the years-nothing I've ever compares to this. OK, I'm running out of adjectives!
This car is styling, profiling - so let's size it up. If you trust the pro reviews, the 2.7 is just too wimpy to swing this bad boy around. Not enough power, they whine. Sure, I'd love to have the Hemi SRT8. But I can't even imagine how powerful that car must be. But there's NOTHING wimpy about the 2.7. It zips and zooms, handles like a dream. So for around 20k, I get a stylish, luxurious head-turner, with Mercedes E Class underpinnings. Sure, everyone THINKS the car is way faster than it is. And maybe that's why the pros dig on the 2.7. It's just not worthy. But I LOVE this car. It saved me from boring large, boring sedanville. Definitely the coolest big boy sedan under 25K!
I like the car except for a couple of minor issues. I love the 4/8 cylinder switching. The power is instant when you need it. Too bad the molding was coming loose on the first day we owned it. Also the cup holders are in the stupidest place possible. If you actually put cups (even small) in them you have a hard time getting to the gear shift. The lack of a trash can or even a place to stick one in a car this big is annoying. 
I purchased the base line model after test driving more expensive imports. For the price, it was a no-brainer! If I had known how much I would enjoy this car, I probably would have spent more and purchased the touring model. Still, my car looks and drives like a MUCH more expensive auto; gets good gas mileage with this smaller engine and has been trouble free.
Had an '96 Avalon & needed new car. Looked at Avalon and 300C. Bought 300C AWD and never looked back. Best decision we ever made! Avalon was NOT the trouble free car made out to be. Took 300C delivery in October, traveled to Fl. in Jan and to the West in Feb. What a road machine!! Went up Interstate mountain roads full 70 mph without any transmission shifting. Never had any vehicle do that. Engine would simply go from 4 cyl to 8. No effort making the climb. Hit snow in some high elev and the AWD had us going when others were having all kinds of fun. Did 70 mph on the level running on 4 cyl! This car brings back the pleasure of driving. Had forgotten how great driving could be. 
55 mph=30 mpg 65 mph 27+ 1000 mile trip @ 75 mph and city driving gave me 24.7 mpg very surprising. Last year my pt cruiser got 21.5 same trip. Traded in a 2005 mustang and a Mercedes and we love this car. It is a little of both. 2008 is so beautiful with changes to trunk, rear light and inside. Didn't know it had so many add ons. 0-60 timer is neat. If you can buy the heritage edition, do it! See one and u will understand. The power is terrific. 400 lbs of torque! People's heads screw around versions of this car have been around since 2005. They edge up to look inside. To me all the other competitors look like someone stomped on their hood. Ugly lot! This car makes old fellow like me happy!
First, I want to say about the review below; are you kidding me! You're 5'11" and had troubles in this car!!! What other CAR have you ever driven that is more comfortable for you? I'm 6'7" and have NEVER been this comfortable in a car. I usually have to drive full-size SUV's and trucks to be comfortable. Also, loud engine? What are you comparing this car to; a Rolls? My opinion; this is hands-down the best car I have ever owned or driven!! Incredible interior/exterior, performance (3.5 V6), gas mileage, reliability, price and any other category you want to consider. I would have loved to be able to spring for the SRT! But this V6 is wonderful in this car (would not recommend the 2.7).
Nicely styled exterior with those narrow windows results in limited visibility that is borderline dangerous. Between the front roof post and side view mirrors...look out on turns. The interior was spacious but bland, with nothing to recommend or criticize too hard. I had the V6, which made the car's interior sound like a truck, and was the noisiest I've driven in years. It did provide good acceleration, and was well matched to the car's below average handling. The engine was not as thirsty as I feared. I got 22-24 mpg in mostly suburban driving. Handling is only adequate - you really have to work the steering wheel, and the car's long wheelbase doesn't help. 
I myself have 300 touring a 2007 I absolutely love my car. It is a very smooth ride, lots of comfort. I have 2 children that are 6 foot tall and they can ride in my car and be very comfortable. I would highly recommend this car to anyone. If you want style and class as well as comfort, then this is the car for you you.
I was very reluctant to purchase an American car after experiencing the reliability of some Japanese makes, but I must say, this car feels extremely well built and it really delivers a superior ride and feel than the Japanese cars I've driven. Even with the base LX, you still get a well appointed semi-luxurious ride with an adequate engine. It's tough to complain about the 2.7L when it delivers gas mileage in the mid to high 20's. I am really impressed with this car and would highly recommend it. If you're looking at any Nissan, Honda, or Toyota in the low-mid $20's, give the 300 a chance.
So I went against the preferred engine and really I think the concerns are a little overrated about it. I think if you want performance slapping a massive engine in it wouldn't satisfy my personal preferences. In saying that we bought this because $4 gas will soon be a reality. The car rides incredible, the fit and finish is the best of any Chrysler I have owned by far. The road noise is minimal and the look is just sleek it looks like a much more expensive car. The stereo sounds great and the sets are very top notch. We traded in a Durango and this has more leg room in the rear then our SUV had. I am really pleased with my purchase and the 25 mpg makes me smile.
I have had this vehicle for a few months now and I could not be happier. Not only is it fun to drive but it always seems to draw attention. A lifetime powertrain warranty was icing on the cake for me. Will definitely purchase another Chrysler.
Just bought this vehicle after being a big Cadillac Seville fan. I was looking for an AWD vehicle and looked at the Infiniti M and Lexus GS, finally drove this one and for about 12k less (based on my final cost) this was hands down the best buy. Interior design and materials aren't Lexus or Infiniti but they are far better than any of the other vehicles I had looked at including the Cadillac. Good ride, will go through anything (within reason), excellent entertainment system, great seats, and one of the few cars that you can get rear seat heaters in. Back seat is comfortable and you actually have leg room. Exceptionally quiet too. The price after rebates and discounts was amazing.
The first six days of ownership were great and enjoyable. Great ride and appearance. Drove the Hemi and 3.5 V6..noticed a heavier fell with the Hemi..but mileage and price for 3.5 was great. Just over a week of ownership, I needed to use the windshield washer and when I hit it, the electrical system died, killing the engine. A immedate release of the windshield washer resulted in a immedate restart, but in a lower gear requiring me to pull off the road. In heavy traffic and at high speed this event could have been a significant risk to us and those that might had been behind us. Dealer has ordered parts yet concerned that circuit board damage was result vs cause. Time will tell.
What at great car love the interior and exterior. Handles like a dream great responce love to drive again. Mileage for me is about 18 to 20 wife ranges 20 to 22 don't know why. Not bad for a hemi though. Acceleration is there when you need it the faster you go the nicer the ride.
I love my new SRT 8! I have been an owner of a Lexus GS and an Infinity 4.5. They both are Yugo's compared to this. I love the power and fit and finish is great!. Any stoplight drag race is mine from now on. I don't think I'll ever go back to imports
This is one great car. Extremely comfortable, powerful, fast (I see too many speeding tickets in my future), and it handles great as well. Excellent ride quality and responsive, if somewhat numb steering. Averaging over 20 MPG in mixed driving - and that's during the first 1,000 miles. Upgraded Boston Acoustics stereo is worth the money - makes the car a rolling sound studio. Exceptional build quality for an American car. I personally see no downside to the car, except possibly the gas mileage - but what do you expect from a 5.7L V-8?
Bought car then set off for North Carolina. Handled great on freeways. Gas consumption above anticipated level. Great car to drive. Recommend it highly. Wife likes it, too! Go Chrysler...keep 'em coming
The Aspen is a very smooth ride and very quite. This makes listening to the Sirius Satellite Radio even more enjoyable! To me the interior is more like a high end SUV. The plastic on the outside however gives this away. I am very happy and do not agree with the editorial. The second seat leg room is fair but the fold down seats in second roll makes more third row leg room. 
So far, so good. This is an incredible SUV. It has everything and more that we were looking for in an SUV. It is roomier, and the best ride available. It was very reasonably priced and we loved it from the minute we looked at it. It drove and rode so much smoother than any of the other SUV's we test drove, that we just kept going back to it. This one is totally loaded with all of the extra features - I know I will love it!!
In preparation for the birth of our first child, we researched every make and model possible to best fit our key needs. The Aspen gave the best ride and overall cost-effective features of any large SUV under $40k. A comparably equipped Tahoe or Expedition would have been thousands more. With a little over a year and 12k miles into the purchase, I have no regrets and would buy one again. 
We bought our Aspen in Nov at a dealership 600km from where we live. During the first 100km we noticed a very anoying humming / virbration noise coming at highway speeds. It has progressed to the issue happening all the time. this truck has been in the shop for over 50 days and now chrysler is advising it is a known issue. We are in litigation for a FULL BUYBACK. stability on the SUV is very poor and now with the over extensive work done I'm sure the integrity of the vehicle has been compromised. The latest noise since it's last return from the shop )kept for 30 days!!) is a very loud clunking sound from the rear end. Like I titled this review RUN dont walk away from this vehicle
Have owned a Toyota Sequoia, Chev. Trail Blazer, and GMC Envoy. By far my favorite vehichle. Luxury and power for less money than Chev. Tahoe and Toyota Sequoia. Looked at everything before purchasing my Aspen. Very satisfied!!!!!!
I am 6ft 7 300lb man with a wife and 4 chidren. I wanted a big vehicle that I could get in without breaking my neck and if I hit a bump not knock myself out. I test drove 5 other big SUVs. The only other SUV I could fit in was Ford Expedition and it was OK but it didn't do anything for me so I kept looking. My wife saw an Aspen at a dealership and asked if I would test drive it so I did and I purchased it the next day. I got the fully loaded limited. We love it. I don't have a heavy foot so when I drive I can get in the city 17mpg, on the hwy going 70 mph got 25 mpg. I think that is great for a big SUV. The Aspen is as good or better than SUVs that are a little higher in price. 
When I first saw the Aspen, I had no idea what kind of truck it was. Chrysler does not advertise it, but am I glad I found it! We purchased a limited 5.7L Hemi and couldn't be happier with the performance. Compared to the Chevrolet trucks, you get a lot of nice extra features for the money! We love the heated leather seats, navigation system, rear DVD, Sirius radio, and roomy third row seats. Gas mileage not great, but we didn't expect it to be. The ride is smooth and quiet and the pick-up is outstanding. We previously owned a Chevrolet truck and I would never buy another one after finding the Aspen. It's a great buy!
Excellent SUV to drive. Great value and fuel economy is better than expected. Full tank gets you more than 500 miles. 
Let me first say that I enjoy my car. Not sorry that I leased it. I'm 12 months into a 36 month lease but I know that I won't buy once lease is over. I previously owned a Durango so the Aspen was a logical progression in staying with Chrysler. I love the luxury of the Aspen over the Durango (lots of cheap plastic in Durango) but the Aspen is not as nice to drive as the Durango. For some reason my Aspen feels sluggish at times. It also doesn't seen to handle as well as Durango. Aspen's looks and standard equipment are great for the money. I've gotten more for my lease dollar than I would have with Tahoe, Armada, etc. But I'll probably look at different SUVs once lease is over.
I have had nothing but trouble since I bought my Aspen. Lots of electrical problems. Still have equipment that's not working. The dealer I bought it from still can't get it fixed. I have two freinds with Aspens both not happy. I tried to trade it in and the dealer told me I would lose more than 15 thousand than I payed just months ago. Should have bought a import.
I purchased this 5.7 limited Cool Vanilla Aspen with every option but tow package. I got it used with 35k miles. It has nav, dvd, rear heated seats, flat folding 3rd row seating. 20" rims, The car is beautiful and comfortable. After 35K the car runs and drives perfect. My mpg have been 16 city, and according to the computer 23+ ave. hwy. When I filled it up I got 19+ I think this is excelent for a ture 4x4 high and low and full time 4x4 options. I paid 23800 + 1800 full wrap life time warrenty and 1000 for gap. So I got a great deal. There is not a car with all the options and saftey out there. This truck rocks.
This is a fantastic vehicle for families. It has tons of interior room, rides very smooth, has gobs of power with the Hemi engine, and the MyGig system coupled with navigation and DVD is exceptional. The voice commands in this vehicle are the easiest to use of any I've seen (several).
Replaced a Tahoe with this. Solid vehicle, but its not a Tahoe. Transmission not as smooth as GM. Seat construct OK. Ride is nice, power is there, but lags due to transmission. Nice features, interior. Overall, good value for the price, especially in comparison to Tahoe.
I leased my Aspen with every available option it could come with. It is a real head turner in the HD Silver Metallic paint and 20inch rims. It would be better if the rims were chrome (Plastic Caps) but hard to notice to the untrained eye. No complaints. Only one problem, and I see nobody else in the reviews taliking about it. Between 67mph and 74mph there is a whole body vibration which the dealer and Chrysler engineering cannot fix. They have replaced every moving part outside of the engine itself including all rims, tires, driveshafts, manifolds, axles, etcetcetc. Love the truck, but they admit it is a lemon law vehicle. 
Leftover '08! Love this thing. Rides so smooth. Powerful but not too big. I've only had it a few weeks, but thrilled with it. Took a couple of long-ish trips and kids were very comfortable in the back 2 rows. Have an issue with the aluminum clad wheels clunking, but there is a TSB coming out for it.
This is NO Durango! 2008 Aspen Limited Signature Series 4x4 - Cool Vanilla, HEMI, 28J package- aka..LOADED! I am IN LOVE with this truck. I've had 4 back surgeries and just chucked my Toyota Sienna XLE. This is my first American car in 15 years and I'm trilled. Took a LONG ride today and it was so comfortable and quiet. Loved the heated leather seats on my low back. Even with the 20" beefy tires, it just floated. No road noise to speak of. The power lift gate is super, remote start, MyGig Alpine is fantastic, even came with 12 mos. free Sirius. Listed for $42K and paid $29,400 spankin' new. It was a steal! I can pay for a lot of gas with the money saved from Lexus or Caddy! THRILLED
Purchased my Aspen in September 2008. So far it has been enjoyable to drive. The best thing about the Aspen is that it is a functional car. I have the second row bench seating (for child's seat). Also, the third row folding down and stowing is a nice option. Other similar size vehicles either don't have a third row or you have to physically remove the seats and store them somewhere else. I got the limited signature series(J pkg) with the 5.7 L Hemi. Gas mileage was to be expected about 14 - 15 mpg. The interior is great with MyGig, Navigation, DVD player and rear camera. To purchase the same vehicle from another manufacturer would probably have cost me $10K more. Good car overall.
So nice to drive and not pass your car a trillion times on the road. What an expensive looking car. Never go anywhere without receiving a compliment. Very roomy but not too big. A great package deal of optional features. Chrysler don't advertise it very much. But it will become popular by sight when it arrives in person any place. Many people stated they heard about it but never saw it before. 
This vehicle is very fun to drive, however I have had mine in and out of the shop 30 days in the past 6 months due to electrical problems with the electronic options. The DVD player which has been replaced 3 different times is still not fixed, so I need take it back to the shop once again. I definitely think mine is a LEMON! 
My husband bought the ASPEN for our 13th wedding anniversary, we went to trade our Town & Country minivan and my eyes caught this beautiful SUV, I said I want that one. I had never seen it before. Mine is cool vanilla, the ext is fancy and the interior is comfortable. I feel so protected my I ride it. I spent about $70 a week on gas. How about yours?
We looked for almost a year before we decided on my Aspen, now I'm wishing I waited for the hybrid. So far my Aspen has needed to go in to the shop more times then a new SUV should. MyGig has locked up with the UConnect so the phone nor any sound would work. My sunroof is leaking & yes I have the DVD player in the back just behind the leaking sunroof. There is this high pitch noise that comes from the AC/Heater when its on higher then 2 that drives me crazy due to ear trouble. RE:gas,not sure what to say because the dealer keeps saying just wait till you have over 3000 miles it will get better. This weekend it needed a jump to get start? Don't get me wrong I do love it just wonder if lemon?
This is a great SUV. Lots of interior room and a very comfortable ride.It has a very upscale exterior design and I love the chrome accents. Would highly recommend the 28J package. I have gotten 17.5 mpg so far with still less than 1000 miles driven.
I bought this vehicle for the safety of having a big car, not for the gas mileage. My family feels safe driving down the Interstate.
I purchased the signature series 2008 with a Hemi. I love it! I also own a Concorde and the gas mileage isn't that much of a difference but the space is! Rides great and handles really well. Love that it looks classy and not everyone is driving one!(i.e. Tahoes and Expeditions!) I absolutely love it.
Got it in Light Sandstone and it looks awesome. Don't understand all the people who worship at the alter of " all Japanese Brands are great and all American Brands are junk ." We had a 2004 Durango and never had a minute's trouble with it. Like some of the other posters I don't understand why Chrysler doesn't promote it more. You see a lot of commercials about Ford's voice recognition system but the My Gig unit blows that away and they never promote it! I know these vehicles are not selling well due to high gas prices but the upside for us is we got it for $10,300 off of MSRP. It ended up costing less than our Durango did 4 years ago which had way less features. Great vehicle.
I really do like my 2008 Aspen but I wish I would have noticed a few things before I purchased it. #1, the sunroof does not go all the way back as in flush. Therefore, it causes a bit of noise that will require a wind deflector. #2, The Antenna, I don't know how I missed this but being as though none of my past models had it, it just slipped by. But, why in 2008 are there still visible antenna's? It's really annoying going through a car wash! #3, Even though it is an SUV, it SUCKS gas like crazy. I did get the Hemi engine but I don't stomp on the pedal at all. A full tank of gas gets you about 350-375 miles, so I guess it's not to bad but don't forget the 5.7 engine requires 89 octane gas!!!
Got the 2008, love it, love it, love it. I traded in an explorer (which I thought I loved). Wow, what a wonderful suv. I bought the signature series (w/all the bells/whistles). Gorgeous two tone leather. I live out in the country and drive about 100 miles a day...what a comfortable ride. The radio, mp3 player, back up camera--all nice. the room for the kids in the back (big and roomy-no one touches anyone). The gas is what I expected (avg 16.3 mpg) Of course I would love better gas (but for what I am getting, I can live w/the gas price). Would recommend to anyone. This SUV rocks. 
Purchased a 2007 model in Jan 08. The vehicle included most options, but the smaller 8 cyl. Sticker was $41k. Saw the 2008 in the dealership when in for first service in April, 08 Liked it because of enhanced features on most options. Thought I'd trade out and knew I'd get hammered on the trade. I didn't expect to get slaughtered. Dealer quoted me a trade value of $23,500, or 12,500 less than purchase price 3 months earlier, and was only willing to cut sticker price on 08 by $4,000. When people realize that these pigs not only guzzle gas, but they'll guzzle your equity, we wont be seeing many more. 
Just got our SUV 5 days ago, I'm so proud because it's classy to drive it, unlike gmc Yukon or Chevy SUVs, you'll see them everywhere, it's like girls wearing the same style of dress in the party. Aspen is great...
This is the perfect SUV. I have the j package with the hemi, 20' wheels and all the extras. It fits all of us with comfort and ease. One of us is 6'5' one 5'11' and one jumbo sized. I got the cool vanilla exterior color an it looks beautiful. I love the heated seats, back up camera, and gig touch screen radio and gps.
After 6 months of researching all of the crossovers, I stumbled upon this great find. My previous car was an Expedition; rode like a truck. This is a smooth, comfortable, classy vehicle. All the bells and whistles you can ask for and absolutely affordable. Plenty of leg/head room for adults; comfort measures for the kids. Navigation system and media center is a great perk! Able to download CD's to hard drive and eliminate clutter in the car. Looking forward to taking it on long trips!
Replaced my 300C with the Aspen.Definitely a better fit for a family who doesn't want to go minivan crazy! Seats adults and kids comfortably and makes its presence known on the road. Although the Aspen comes with some pretty cool standard features, only adding minor upgrades has been hard to deal with after the purchase (Nav. and entertainment system would have made this a nicer buy). Chrysler should also think about moving the body style further away from the Durango..I know as an Aspen owner I get a little peeved when people say, "oh, you went and got the Durango?" - NO! Overall, it's a sweet ride. 
I have owned a number of Dodge/Chrysler products. I really like the Aspen. The MyGIG Nav system is great. The Hemi is strong and overall he looks are outstanding.
I love the ride it looks great, has everything you could possibly need in a vehicle for about $10,000 less than other SUV's. I got the one with the hemi to pull a travel trailer. Top of the line w/o 4 wheel drive msrp was $42,500 can't beat that.
I have owned 4 cadillacs, 2 chevrolets, 5 chryslers, 1 pickup, and now my second suv. This 2008 Aspen is by far the finest ride I have ever owned. I would recommend this Signature Series to everyone. Yes, a little rough on the pocketbook for gas mileage, but it's worth the sacrifice for the comfort and the ride. This ride makes everyone stop and take a second look!
I just purchased this vehicle and am very pleased so far. I have recently owned Lexus and Nissan vehicles(both cars and trucks). This truck makes me wonder why I ever payed the premium price of owning the other vehicles! This thing is great, quiet and smooth ride. A ton of features for the money and really quick. I got the one with the Hemi, Nav, My Gig etc. Anyone looking for a great vehicle at a great price, this is the one! Great job Chrysler! 
I traded in my 06 Pathfinder for my Aspen and I have to say that I love my car. When I drive it just glides along the road and parking has always been a challange for me and now with my back up camera its a cinch! The Aspen is roomy and luxury to max for the money . As for the gas mileage its great. If you're going to complain about gas then a SUV isn't for you. Not only is it a fun car with the ability to just plug in your I- pod or download some personal pictures but it's a classy car and I agree that this is one of Chrysler's best kept secret. 
Bought my 08 this month. There were only 2 left on the lot and this one had all the extras. Love it. Love it. Love it. Best SUV for the money and I haven't found a flaw yet - other than the gas mileage, but I knew how bad that was going in and was willing to make the sacrifice. It wasn't any better than the compact 05 SUV I was driving, but it was certainly better than some of the other full size models I was shopping for. 
Got the 2008, with the hemi variable engine displacement engine. Extremely smooth ride, excellent handling on highway and in city driving. Not burdened with a lot of useless luxury items, but is loaded with very functional and fun stuff. Carried 4 adults and 2 kids very comfortably. Gas mileage is what you would expect for a vehicle of this type. Love it and would recommend it highly. 
Chrysler won't let you down with this one either. I have been out looking at SUV's for over six months and overall with interior and exterior features along with the Hemi under the hood I couldn't pass this one up for the what you get for your money. I am not trying so seet 7 adults so the kids have plenty of room and are easily distracted by the DVD system anyway. Definilety go with the 28J package there just isn't anything left on the wish list that isn't covered.
I have been a big fan of Edmunds for a long time- but I have to disagree here. I have a 2005 Durango and recently purchased a 08 Aspen (because we enjoy the Durango so much). While I agree that the trucks look very similar there is a huge difference inside the two vehicles. Even though they are similarly equipped, it is obvious that they went to great lengths to differentiate the two vehicles. The gas mileage is worse even with the same engine (hopefully because its new). 
Chrysler doesn't advertise this vehicle as it should. This is a fine, quality SUV especially if you buy it with the 28j package. With this package, the Aspen is far and away the best bargain...when compared with Toyota, Ford, or the GMC products of like kind. This vehicle is way beyond the Durango. It's quality is as good, if not better, than the aforementioned SUV's, but about 8-10k less.
This is the only SUV I have ever owned that gets better and better each and every time I drive it. The HEMI engine has power to spare. Consider the 20" wheel group as it seems to have a much smoother ride and suspension. Luxurious, sharp & very inexpensive to lease for a 45K vehicle.
Mercedes chasis (albeit older) and handbuilt coachwork with more art in its tail than 99% of the entirety of other cars on the road. This is entirely impossible for less than $50k, let alone the price at under $25k. My history includes a Jag, Tiger, Jensen, X 1/9, 2 Mustangs, CRT (manual) and more, and the fun/comfort quotient on this ride dwarfs them all. Some say that this is more of a boulivardier than a sports car, but it is rock solid, planted like an oak on the road, and goes like scat. Blind spot and rear view sounds bad, but after 1k driving it becomes second nature and unannoying. Cup holder is less than useless, Nav and radio both hopelessly outdated. 
I've always wanted a 2-seat convertible and my wife and I chose the Crossfire. We bought this car new in March 2008. Sticker was 41,500, we got it for 32,000 total (tax, title, etc.) and are very happy with the car. The best feature of the car is the styling - very unique. I get positive comments most everywhere I go. Have a bad day at work? Do as my wife and I - drop the top, go for a ride in the country and you'll be smiling. This car is comfy for a short wheelbase, 2-seater, the seats too. I plan to keep this car for a long time, as is my custom. If you own a Crossfire, join the Crossfire International Car Club Inc. (Google CICCI) - you won't regret it. 
I am very happy with my car. It handles great and so far is quite dependable. Watch out for the trunk lid. I made the mistake of leaving it half way closed after getting something out of the trunk and I wound up killing the battery. When I purchased the car the one key didn't work. The dealership had to get the replacement from Mersedes and they told me it would have cost me $150. for me to buy one if it wasn't under warranty if say I lost mine. I haven't had any other problems so far.
I've never driven a "sports car" in my life. I felt the need and felt I'd be too claustrophobic for it. I've been driving SUVs for the past 15 yrs and felt no reason to switch. As a likely symptom of my midlife crisis (??), I found myself wanting a new car. Not just any car. I wanted a different car -- in a true sense of the word. I didn't want a Lexus or BMW. I was quite smitten with the look of the Infinite FX35. It was different and cool. I drove one. I was completed deflated. It was a boring ride. Then, I saw Crossfire. I felt stimulated and intrigued. I went and drove one. I was hooked. It was gorgeous and different on the outside. Driving made me feel something powerful
This car is "proof" positive of how over rated Toyota and Lexus are. This car looks great, drives great and was more than reasonable to purchase. I refuse to drink the Kool Aid and believe that everything from Japan is great... This is my second one, a 2005 coupe and now a convertible. My last Corvette almost rattled my teeth out of my head, and my kidneys still don't work properly. I think I'll buy one more and leave it in garage for when these wear out at 200k...
Bought my '08 in mid December in NY and drove it home to South Texas as an early Christmas gift to myself! Great price (15k discount) and great car. Very solid machine and inspires confidence. Everything works as it should and I am very, very happpy with purchase. Average gas mileage on 1750 mile trip was 25.3 mpg, nearly all interstate. Make sure your bill of sale says new! I see some new ones for sale (by Chrysler dealers) as used, even with only 10 mi. on the odometer, to avoid the lifetime powertrain warranty to the original owner. Be careful!
Had to downsize from a 06 Vette, (times are tough for realtors) Love my new Crossfire which I bought for 22k with only 1200 miles. Spoiled as I am from the Vette I truly lo the styling. Everyone in the office said they liked it better than the Vette, looks like my bosses 500SLK without the price, test drove one of those too and still decided on a Crossfire. Haven't tried the navigation yet and miss it from the Vette. Seats stink comparably, however with a lumbar pillow I suffice. Flawless power top although it's slow. Decent stereo for the price. Good pickup even if its not lightning fast. Stupid cool active spoiler makes people look. Love the side fins! Half the payment of the Vette so I'm very happy
I bought this vehicle new some 10 months ago. I use this car exclusively for pleasure driving and consequently have less than 3,000 miles on it. The car handles well and is fun to drive on back roads. It lacks raw power and is not a head-jerker off the line. The auto transmission is slow to shift. I don't regret buying this car but would buy a Vette if I had it to do over again. But the price difference between the Crossfire and Vette is steep - I believe the Crossfire is a better value for the buck. 
We are very happy with our Crossfire. My wife could have picked any convertible she wanted in the $40k range. She chose the Crossfire because of it's beautiful styling and head turnablity factor. She absolutely loves her car. What made it even better yet was the incredible deal we got on this vehicle. We just couldn't say no to the $29,900 price tag for this fully loaded car. No other convertible even came close to that price with this many features. The time is right to get this end of model year German built sports car.
I was looking for something sexy to replace my Jeep Liberty and certainly found it in the Crossfire. It's gorgeous, fun, and gets much better gas mileage. Of course, it helped that the dealership knocked $12K off the list to sell it...and yes, it was brand new! Is it worth the list of $37K? No and that's why they're discontinuing them. But, for $25K? Absolutely!
Love the design, very comfortable for a two seater. Loads of trunk space (for a 2 seater). Can easily get two golf bags and weekends worth of gear in it. Not a drag racer but has plenty of giddy-up. Reasonable cost after good discount. If you love it, keep it since the resale value is almost nothing. 
Everything was very poor. I wish I had ordered a different vehicle. I am stuck with it as the residual is so low, that it may still be negative when the loan is paid off
I absolutely love my Pacifica. I have the Signature Series with all the extras. Although I was worried that having so many power features could potentially mean expensive repair bills, this has not been an issue thus far. The Pacifica is extremely comfortable for four passengers, but it could have used a little more leg room in the third row. The seats are supportive, the the ride is smooth and quiet, and the engine and transmission perform well. I have had no problems at all with this car. I am extremely pleased my purchase.
Traded an 03 Town & Country that served us very well. Couldn't be more pleased with the Pacifica as a replacement. Refined and quiet, well done interior and great performance for a vehicle of this size. Haven't had it long enough to judge the fuel economy but I'm really not concerned. This is a very well made and well thought out car. Not to mention 30% off sticker from a dealer that was on the "list". 
Traded up from a GM product. This vehicle is fun to drive and the interior is great in the touring signature series. Chrysler can't fail with more cars at a good investment price and this stand behind bumper to bumper warranty coverage. No more pacificas, too bad. At least I got mine! Can't wait for a summer road trip.
Replaced a 2006 3.5 4 spd with this 2008 4.0 6 spd. '06 had a transmission problem that could not be fixed before we had to travel. What a difference. Must faster from the light, better milage on the highway but about the same mpg here in the Arkansas mountain community. Did replace air filter with K&N and use synthetic oil. Rides and drives better than any vehicle we have owned. Can drive 800 miles a day with no problem. Sorry they're going to discontinue. Guess with the bumper to bumper lifetime warranty we'll drive it until it won't go.
This is the second Chrysler Pacifica I've owned. I was happy with my 05 but wanted to upgrade to the 08 with 4.0L engine and 6 spd transmission. The difference with the extra power and smoother shifting is incredible. Too bad they didn't get it right initially but they have it right now, just in time to discontinue the line. What a shame, this is one of the best vehicles Chrysler has ever made. I bought one of the last of the 08 model year and hopefully it'll last a long time. The lifetime powertrain warranty should ensure that it does.
Really nice vehicle, inside and out. The down side to the Pacifica is fuel usage. Drives great! Interior is protected, therefore making it easy to wipe off stains. Lots of space, no outside noise like the Town And Country I just traded in. Lots of leg room. Cargo is huge enough for a body (example people only) My Pacifica did not come with DVD so I will have one installed along with rims. I really got a great deal on my new Pacifica with me trading in a Chrysler. Now is the time to buy! Love the safety features as well! No bad experience at dealership nor with vehicle so far! 
I bought a 2004 Pacifica AWD when they came out. Great crossover! My family and I have driven all over the U.S. no problems. Lots of cargo space. Just traded in on a 2008 because of all that is on it unlike Ford/GM. A lot for the money. Sorry that Chrysler is not going to continue building them.
Nice looking car, but it's only skin deep, interior is cheaply made, gas mileage is poor, lots of things missing that should be there like a glovebox light, ipod input, switches to shut of dome lights. The absolute worst car I ever bought. Tranny shifts hard, car starts roughly and stalls sometimes.
My first Chrysler and I feel we made the right choice, Great price with the features to match. Great acceleration, drives like a family vehicle without the look of a van. Plenty of interior space and leg room for even the third row passengers.
Got out of a lease on a 2005 Grand Cherokee (HEMI) and moved to more space, better MPG. Got 0% 60 months and a GREAT deal because of edmunds.com Wife loves the 6 sp tranny and the 4.0 L combined with the AWD. Signature Series a MUST! GREAT CAR! Downside: Anyone in the CT area should NEVER deal with Action Motors of Danbury, CT. Not enough space to explain all. For instance got out of the Jeep (gave it to the dealer), 2 months later we get calls from a collection agency asking for the balance of $$$ owed on the Jeep. Dealership never paid it off. 3 weeks and a LOT of phone calls later, it was taken care of. They are a MEAT MARKET. You are just a number at Action Motors. Go elsewhere.
Quiet, solid, comfortable ride while driving. After test driving several mid-size SUV's (Toyota Highlander, Subaru Tribeca, Infiniti FX1, Suzuki XL, and the Veracruz), I settled on the Chrysler Pacifica. I think this is an excellent automobile. Chrysler should continue to produce it. It would be a shame to discontinue such a fine vehicle.
We bought this car for its high safety rating. We are tall people (5'9 6'3") and can fit very comfortably in the front and second row seats. The gas mileage we get is not very good. This is our one disappointment. The extras (which came standard on this model) are outstanding. 
The car may look nice but it is a piece of junk. I bought this thinking I got a steal but this has been the worst car I have ever driven. The brakes are very very bad, the acceleration is decent, the steering is not up to crossover standards. It's an overall piece of junk.
But this time I promise never to buy another piece of c**p from Chrysler ever again! Antiquated engine and transmission. Lumber wagon ride and handling, really poor mileage from the very old design PUSHROD engine that has been around since 1989! And talk about quality, it is not anywhere to be found! Misfitting dashboard, poor assembly, mismatched colors, really bad leather that appears fake in the way it wears and fades. We bought it new and the depreciation really hit hard. Sold it for penny's on the dollar! Avoid at all costs, it does not even belong in a rental car fleet! 
What a nice vehicle. Powerful comfortable. Just a treat to drive until you pass a gas station. I thought with the 6 speed transmission it would get halfway descent gas mileage. About 16 in the city, 27 or so on the road. (I'm sure I can do better on the highway). My 96 Grand Caravan did better in City driving. Overall this is a very nice car. I really like it!
Well when I first went to the car lot I was looking for a Dodge or a Jeep because I thought a car like that wold be very hard to get to so when he told me that hey young men it is possible to get a crossover like that I was so happy he said that he so the light lite upon my face then I still said to myself that there no way in god's holy world that I could get a car with sleek body style and hard cover face and a banging grill with wood all over the place and with also comes with a tv and also comes with a navigation system and so much of room also to top it off it also comes with a sun roof I also like the way that the dashboard is made how goes around
Blew out the Town & Country van for space, quality, comfort, and definitely the appearance. Doesn't look and feel like a van neither. Sits higher up than usual vehicles, feels safe with all-around airbags
This car is great for over 65 folks as it is comfortable and spacious. Very nice crossover. Room to travel long distances plenty of room for everything and easy on tired old bones
Wonderful automobile. Too bad Chrysler has ended production. Well designed interior and a first class ride. I've had many Chrysler products and this one is my favorite.
Rides like a car with the extra room of an SUV. Sits up higher so I can see better in traffic, parks in parking garage at work with ease! Fabulous vehicle - with lifetime powertrain warranty - I will keep this forever!
Wife's old Jag died and we wanted to replace it with a SUV/CUV. Found this PT on line with only 16K miles at $10.6K. Also it's the Touring model which includes a nicer interior and more standard content including nice alloys. I think it's a bit slow and I wish the gas mileage was better, but she's happy with it and so far it's been reliable. If the wife's happy everyone is happy.
My first pt a brand new 2002, loved my car, had it for 7 years only two problems with it and we solved it fast,Now I have a new 2008 turbo and it has been at the dealership about 12 times, they cant find nothing wrong with it, they said its all normal, but it feels that you are riding on a tractor at the farm.gas milage is so poor,tire ligh on, the ratleling noise it makes, the squeaks andthe power seat handle broke off. Iam so upset that this pt is so sad!give me my 2002 back. Whats wrong with the people at the dealership?
My 1st pt was a 2002 5 speed loved the car after 124,000 mi I felt I should get another. I have been to the dealer to many times. I bought a used 2008 with 12,000 mi. After 2 mo. And 3, ooo mi the car died on a 4 lane road. Alternator needed to be replaced. 2 moths later a wire came loose need to be replaced. Just picked it up from the dealership and now the speedometer is not working. Gotta go back again. I do not trust this car anymore. I loved the 2002. Hate this car. I am afraid to go on a long trip.
Bought the 2008 PT Cruiser wagon base model used with 15K miles on it. It had been used as a rental car. Very clean and still looked new. The engine light was on when I bought it, but it was all under warranty so I took it to the dealership and they fixed it right up. I added window tint later. It's been great around town for me,the kids and all of our stuff - we're a busy family and I really enjoy the roominess of the cargo area. For the dog, I can fold the back seats up for even more room. The only drawback is the surprising low gas mileage for the base engine, because it's not quick. We have to use the a/c all the time (which works great), so that's even more engine drag!
I have always wanted a PT Cruiser, now I have one! I can't explain 'why' it is so much fun to drive, but it truely is. It is more than I expected. The exterior is beautiful, There is nothing I would change. It is comfortable and very roomy on the inside. I think the dash does not equal the rest of the car, its cheap looking. I'm planning on purchasing the wood dash kit (it sounds easy to install...we'll see). I did purchase 'the goddess' hood ornament and it always stops people in thier tracks, they love it. I love my cruiser, her name is Maxine.
This was my first new car! I love my car, although some people said it was an "old lady car." I bought it to celebrate graduation a year ago and the only thing that bugs me about the car is that it is not really comfy on road trips.
i bought a2008 car in june 2008.i always wanted a pt cruiser,finally got one.beautiful looking car,hear lots of road noise on drivers side.taken car back to dealer several times,they say they cant hear anything.taken again was told this was normal ride for pt cruiser.front end out of align when got car,was told this was a normal ride for pt cruiser.sound like my window is down all the timeand i cant take my eyes off the road.very disappointing.was out of oil,oil light never came on.good thing is get good gas mileage.gas pedal now squeaks.wiil not buy another.my daughter refuses to drive because she is afraid of too many problems
The car runs great, handles well, nice and roomy. There is a squeaking noise going over bumps that sounds like it hasn't been lubed. I like it very much. It's versatle and fun to drive. Makes you want to get in it and go cruising except I can't because the headlights randomly flicker. This ranges from mild to severe with severe being when the dash lights flicker too and then they both blip out and then back on again. I've had it to two different dealers who can't find a thing wrong wth it so I guess it must be posessed. I wouldn't buy another one of these. I hope someone can finally fix it so I can enjoy it without worry. 
Welll I worte the previous comment and I am having to write one again! I bought this car brand new on January 1, 2008 and it is December 31,2008! I drove it all day long, then when I went to drive home I turned my car on and the check engine light came on! Are you serious right now? I am trying to drive and my car isn't accelerating! Then it started to, then it jumped then it was just reving at 4rpm!! It isn't switching gears! So over this! This car must be a lemon! It's going back to the dealer on Friday! I don't even want a replacement I just want a different make & model! No more Chryslers for me! For real this time!
I loved driving my used 2001 Limited Edition PT Crusier but was having some problems with it come 2007 so I decided it was time for a new one..despite the previous problems I had, I figured buying a brand new one I wouldn't have any problems, so I purchased a brand new Cruiser on January 1, 2008. Do you think it's been a joy? Not one bit! I have had nothing but problems since day one! It has been in for balancing over 3 times, the tires have been indexed multiple times, and now it squeaks when I go over anything that makes the car bouce. It's so annoying! Body creaks shouldn't be happening on a less then one year old car! I am over my car and will never buy a Chrysler again!
The first thing I noticed was my absence from the gas station. Fun to drive with lots of room. Like the power driver's seat and the power sun roof. The rear seats being able to remove completely is really a good idea. Stereo has great sound. Lots of power for me. 
I've wanted a PT since they came out, but my husband and daughter thought I was nuts. Finally, I said forget them, I'm going to get it anyway. I bought it in July, and now my husband wants to drive it all the time. We have been Chrysler fans for years, and have driven the Chrysler Town & Country. Now he drives that and I've got my PT. Please don't discontinue it. I LOVE IT!
rented a convertible two different times for a total of 2k miles and thought it was the funnest car i'd ever driven. when i heard they were going to discontinue it, i ordered one from the factory. feels top-heavy on sharp turns but is an absolute king of flat-out cruising. the standard engine is adequate -- the turbo is thrilling. the stereo upgrade is worth every penny and is easily the best audio i've ever heard in ANY vehicle. front seats are comfortable -- especially with leather and seat heaters. the back seats are cambered just a bit too far back. tons and tons of head room. extremely easy engine to check the oil on. very fun.
This is my third PT. My first of the Limited and I wished it had a little more power and better handling. In 2004, I traded it in for the GT and I've loved it ever since. But I've always wanted a convertible so I just traded it in for a Vanilla one with the turbo. I couldn't be happier. I've read some comments about discontinuing the PT and I hope it's not true because I'll want another one in a few years.
I love this car! I've always wanted one and always let my now teenage daughter talk me out of; she left for college & I got my car (Sunset Edition) the color is great and the chrome really sets it off. I do wish the interior plastic molding was better matched and I REALLY miss my cruise control but this car is great. I've got a 2 yr old and with this car she can see out from her car seat, with my cobalt my 7 yr old nephew couldn't see out. To me the seats are more like the truck I used to drive than a car & I love the way the seats fold and remove; comes in handy with our frequent auctions and yard sales! In ending this one was worth waiting for. I love the dash board clock & emblems.
The P.T. Cruiser is a sharp looking vehicle. Zippy & fun to drive. The comfort & cargo area are a perfect size. I am sorry I did not purchase one before. What a shame Chrysler is going to discontinue the Cruiser. I am very pleased with the purchase of this 2008.
Looks good from the outside, but by 2008 is getting dated. The dashboard is sleek, but made of a very cheap plastic. The seats are not comfortable in the slightest for long drives. They are not contoured to the body at all. Not much storage capacity despite being a wagon. The power is pitiful in town and for the highway.
This car is comfortable, easy to drive and has a solid feel. I love it. It appeals to young and old alike. I am glad I made the purchase. Highly recommend
Poor turning radius, under powered, stiff handling, inadequate braking, over all a loser. 
This is my second PT. My first met with an untimely end and other than a few colorful bruises and sore spots I survived. My 2002 Limited didn't. I'm so very impressed with these vehicles I bought another to replace my still missed PT. But it was meant to be. Because the PT I just happened to find tucked away in this private dealership is ONE of the 500 that were made. Yep, I got one. I have a Sunset Boulevard Street Edition PT Cruiser. This car is gorgeous! And it's mine, mine, mine!! 
I love it! I got the metallic black and the finish is beautiful. The interior is unique and stylish. The pick up is good and it's full of pep. Not only that but it's so easy to park! The handy lift gate and fold away seats allow my Rottweiler to come along! It's roomier than it looks it's an eye catcher. I don't care if it's a little bit harder on the gas than some - it's far better than the SUV I just unloaded and it's way funner to drive. It works for me :) 
I've owned this all of 2 days and its been incredible. Everyone goes WOW!!! The surf blue is a real eye catcher. I am a large person and everyone is shocked I bought this convertible!!! At 350 lbs.. most cars are not suitable but this is so roomy! Of course all good things in Detroit get discontinued. Had to really search to find one but so far it was well worth it!
I have been a Chevy man for years, an I love old car, and then when I read this was the last year of the PT Cruiser I knew I had to have one. I love the way this car looks I love the way it drives. I just love this car. 
I ordered a 2008 PT Conv. with a 5 speed for my wife to replace her tiny Hyundai Accent. We wanted a fun car. Even though it was December and we are in the North the car handles great on the snow. The gears are a little closer in range than her Hyundai and the shifter has a better action. The car handles great even though it is a little porky and we like to hustle the car. The fuel economy could be better as we are getting about 26 mpg right now. After break in and warmer weather that number should be better. We love the insulated top. Its quieter than the Hyundai and its just as warm. YES essentials seats are great, coffee doesn't soak in!
for the money this car is one of the nicest cars to own and drive. looks as good as the high buck 4 seat convertibles.
We love our 2008 Sebring Touring Sedan, the 4 cylinder engine is very responsive, with excellent fuel economy (34hwy/28 combined). With 5-Star crash ratings, stability control and side airbags, you can't buy a safer car! Handling in winter conditions was fantastic, the front wheel drive and stability control performed great. We also like the LIFETIME WARRANTY on the powertrain and plan to keep this car for ten years or more, what a fantastic value! Do yourself a favor and drive the Sebring and compare it to similar cars and I will be surprised if you don't buy the Sebring.
I've had my Sebring convertible a year now, and my wife's had hers eleven months. I've done about 10,000 miles and my wife has done about 6,000 miles on hers. We love the way they drive, their fuel economy, their styling and their huge trunk capacity. On a recent long trip, my car with four people in it, plus luggage,with the top down averaged over 31 mpg doing parkway speeds! My wife's car with the six, regularly does 25+ mpg. These cars are sure footed performers both in nice and in nasty weather. They are GREAT cars and we believe they've not received the good credit that they deserve from the professional reviewers and others. I've driven 44+ yrs. and should know!
We purchased this car after buying an '01 model for our daughter and wanting to keep it for ourselves. Our car is a blast to drive and the appearance is classy and looks much more expensive than it was. We get comments on it everytime we are out. The gas mileage is much improved on my last vehicle and did I say it is a blast to drive? I can get a huge Sam's run worth of groceries in the trunk when the top is up and an adequate amount with it down. My husband likes to stretch way out to drive and at 6'2" he has no complaints.
This was by far the worst mistake I have ever made when purchasing a car. (Owned Toyota, Pontiac, Lexus, and Audi.) In the first 20 days of driving my Chrysler Sebring LX Convertible the latch on the trunk stops operating. This means that my trunk lid will not close and is unsafely moving about while I drive. Next problem came at a stop light when the car stalled?Yes, I was completely stopped at a light and it completely shut off. Luckily my boyfriend was driving and he of course knew what to do. I probably would have panicked. Third, it seems that this problem is a continual problem that CHRYSLER (who should be bankrupt from making crappy cars) is in denial to recall to fix. 
So far this car has been great. Average 24 mpg. Pleanty of room for my 6' 4' frame.Plenty of looks when top is down. Top is a whiz to operate. Fun Car to drive. Love its Radio and controls.
My wife and I are loyal Chrysler buyers until this vehicle came along. The styling is great and I like the convertible factor. That's where the compliments end. The vehicle is just over 2 years old now and has been in for repairs 12 times! That's an average of once every 2 months. Issues include, brake lights coming on intermittently, starting getting stuck, front- end/steering noise, stuck door locks, stalling, recalls and interior fit issues. I am currently working with Chrysler assistance to get rid of this vehicle as I feel the front-end problems make it unsafe to drive. Also, it is not worth now what is owed according to KBB. Another nice kick in the head. 
I purchased a 2008 Stone White Sebring LX Convertible. Love it! Has the 4 cylinder, and i drove it through the Ozark Mountains here in Missouri with no trouble at all - and that was with the top up, the A/C blasted, two passengers and a trunk full of luggage. It is comfy, cool looking and is a real head turner!!
We had numerous issues with the car since Oct. 2008. My husband almost got into an accident because the car stopped on him. The mechanics said a piece flew off something inside and went into the motor. Pick up the car on my way out of town the car stops again and has a really bad burning smell. According to the mechanics not the same problem. Car always seem to want to shut off when you are in stop and go traffic. Driving and heard a noise like a belt or something was about to pop or something was off. Took the car in the mechanics had to change numerous parts. Pick car up from being repaired it shouts off while we are driving it at night. Shuts off steering wheel locks hit sign. Nt reliabl
I have the hardtop convertible, and it's so easy to use - whether you drop the top with the button on the dash, or remotely on the keyfob. I love the navigation, and the 'jukebox' style radio - it's great to be able to burn all my CD's to the car's hard drive and not have to load CD's all the time. Great USB plug-in. Love the trunk room. It has enough space to hold 2 golf bags with the top down - awesome! Seats are comforable, and front ones are heated - they heat up within 2 minutes! A/C works well. Car handles well, though not as well as some German cars. 
Have had car about 14 months now.Extremely reliable and very fuel efficient.Hard top makes for very quiet convertible.Styling seems to attract scores of people who watch the top go up and down in awe.I've had a couple of Mercedes guys just fall in love with this car.Trunk opens up to massive area representitive of the late 60's early 70's cars when convertible top is up for space.The 18 inch wheels I have on the vehicle really grips the road and the ride is excellant.The paint,fit and finish is also excellant.This car gives me great pride when I take it anywhere as someone is bound to spark a conversation about the car and or lead into the hard top covertible they had in the fifties.
I have read other reviews on the 2008 convertibles, but I did read where anyone was complaining about the water dripping into the car when you put the window down or open the door when it is raining. If it is raining at all you will get a fair amount of water in the car (our on your leg)if you have to get out or open the window for any reason.
Wonderful automobile, Great fuel mileage, low maintence. Very quite and fun to drive. What a value! If you drive one you'll buy one. averaging 34.2 mpg with 60/40 hwy to city driving. Recently averaged 34.2 mpg on a 360 mile trip at 70+ mph.
I bought my car brand new on Jan 2008. The problems began not even one month later when it started stalling on me. 18 months later and many trips to the dealership(along with recalls) the problem still isn't fixed. Research online about this car and recalls and if you are one of the unlucky ones that have this car, beware- it can stall at any moment causing an accident out of no where. Thankfully mine has only done it while I was either stopped at a light or parked. Also, press brake hard- if it starts to freak out-it will jump forward and possibly rear end someone.
My 2001 Sebring Convertible was a terrific car that never had any problems. With all of the incentives out there, I decided to trade it in for an '08 model. Here's some comparisons: - '08 model rides higher, which is nice. - '01 model had a notably bigger cabin - both the front seats and (especially) the rear seats. That said, the 08 is still a comfortable, smooth ride. - The V6 engine in my 01 Sebring had much better accleration. The '08 2.7- liter V6 is adequate, but the difference in power is palpable. - The 08 model has tighter handling and a better turning radius. On balance, the 08 Touring model is a tremendous value. It's a sharp looking, comfortable car with great features. 
I love my new convertible. It has great get up and go, fully loaded, touch screen nav and radio, drink heat/cool, pleanty of room for my two teenagers in the back seat. Leather is durable for our trips to the beach and my kids clunky backpacks. I'm in my mid-thirties and I get loads of compliments. It's wonderful. Great value as well.
Bought this vehicle in the middle of winter and just love it! Sitting in the drivers seat is like sitting in a cockpit of a plane. I bought the hard top and there is no indication that it is a convertible when you drive it. This car is so sexy and gets a lot of looks. The My Gig system is outstanding and there are so many other great options on the limited version. I looked at Volvo and BMW and bought my Sebring Limited hard top because it is better looking and a smoother ride. Go out and get this vehicle!
Beautiful to look at Hardtop has operated a-ok although it is in the garage having up dates done to top right now Ride is good on smooth hardtop roads but rattles and bangs like a piece of junk when the road gets rough. Gas milage gets whats advertised Dealer service is very expensive 10 bucks for a spark plug is kinda steep.Good fit and finish I love the electronic transmission
This is my first convertible, and first Chrysler product in 10 years. I'm so pleased with the car overall. The looks, ride, comfort, and the price. Looks like a car costing twice as much.
My Sebring Touring has 4000 miles on it, averaging 30 mpg in mixed suburban and highway driving. It is a pleasant car with stability control, bluetooth, hard drive Sirrius radio and power driver seat, out the door for $19K. Acceleration is decent. The upright driving position is good and visibility fine. Controls are all easy to reach, and the gated shifter makes it easy to reach the gear I want without looking down. I am using the Sebring as a commuter vehicle 45 miles each way, and my fellow carpoolers have commented without being asked on the roomy rear seat, a real strength of this car as compared to many of its competitors. (I know, I sat in all of them.) No issues so far.
We bought our car to take to Florida for 2 months. It has great styling, looks sporty and the seats are very confortable. I was extremely pleased with the gas mileage. The best feature is trunk space with a convertable. The back seats are very confortable. This is my first Chrysler in 43 years of driving many cars and models and I am very pleased. Have had it for 1 year and no problems at all. 
Two months ago we bought a red LX model of this car with a 4 cylinder engine. We loved it so much that we bought this one. It has more standard features, but is no less fun to drive. We've had no problems with it, and it's powerful, well made, smoothly running car. 
We bought this car in red about two months ago. It's FUN to drive and it's economical on gas, getting 32 mpg on long trips over the road. We've had no trouble at all with it, and we love its styling and hideaway top which is always an attention getter! The engine runs smoothly, quietly and seems vibration free. There are no body shakes or rattles or squeaks that one usually expects to find, even in the most expensive of convertibles. Its power won't win any races, but it's very adequate for most situations. We liked this car SO MUCH that we bought a silver one for my wife! Hers is the Touring model convertible with the 2.7 liter V6 motor. Pls. see th
Great vehicle! With current incentives it is a great value and lots of fun to drive. Great new features with the MyGig system and navigation. I typically own and drive BMW, MBenz and Porsche, but this car gets me more compliments. If you don't need the high-end performance of the MB CLK, then you can get all of the fun and features at half the price!
We recently purchased a 2008 Sebring Coupe Touring and absolutely love it. We have been on a few road trips and love the comfort, smooth ride and great gas mileage (averaging 33 mpg). We love the looks and all of the standard upgrades. I am not sure why some would put Honda/Hyundai ahead of this (we test drove both) and hands down it is the winner!
I have had this car for about 3 months and in general I love it. Like the review below mine sometimes it doesn't turn over when starting like it should. This happens randomly and for no apparent reason. My only major complaint is the rear bumper. I think it is made poorly and within the first month I noticed a rock had hit the underside of the tire casing and made a notch in the paint. After closer inspection I noticed that there is another part where the paint is pulling away where the metal body and plastic bumper of the car meet. You can hardly see it now but I fear in time it will grow. My biggest suggestion would be to examine your bumper before purchasing this car!
This is my 3rd convertible. I love it. The problem I'm having is starting the car. It doesn't just turn over like a new car should. It drags while trying to start. It starts every time but sometimes I'm not sure it's going to. The dealership tells me they can't reproduce the problem. I'm so frustrated. Anyone else have this problem? I would love some input. 
Rented on a business trip. Quiet, stable ride and strong brakes. Wind buffeting strong at interstate speeds, buzzing the back shoulder belt straps. Annoying cruise control stalk. Trunk very heavy and not counterbalanced enough. You can strike your head on the trunk edge if you lean over before ensuring it is fully raised. Center armrest short and too far back. Wheel too far away compared to pedal position. Problems with the temp control. No matter what position, it would suddenly blast full heat. It had to be moved to full cool to cancel max heat. 12 V plug too close to shift lever in P. Seat back spring is too powerful: releasing lever makes it slam forward. Engine loud at full throttle.
I bought this car 7/25/08 fixed it up a bit but not totally. A 7 speed Manual Transmission will be added. The car has averaged 35.3 MPG. during break in period which is not bad.I did not buy this car for fun. For fun I drive my 1972 Triumph TR-6, Test drove through rental outfits a day each, Honda and Toyota small and same sized cars, this beats them hands down. I drive with windows partly open and never listen to a radio since 1995.I listen to the car I am driving. This car holds the road.It is a gas saver. I think I will keep it quite sometime, too bad Chrysler hasn't promoted this one more, they really should.
Still have my 2002 Sebring, 180,000 mi, runs great! Was somewhat afraid to buy this car after reading reviews, but in Real World Driving ( I have to pay for it, put the gas in it, and Not get speeding tickets) I went ahead and am definitely more than pleased. Great mileage (ave. 32 mpg, mostly hwy driving) lots of room for large people, great power seats, and everybody loves the looks. As for the interior, yes its a bit 'hard' in spots, but in my experience I've found that in the long term, Chrysler interiors hold up very well. The four cylinder has adequate acceleration, and is dead quit on the highway. I think for the price you can't beat this car. 
Purchased my first convertible 1 month ago and have covered over 1,000 miles. The 2.4 engine is quite and economical; averaging 30 mpg (55% highway/45%city). It's got plenty of power for all around cruising. The interior is fantastic with easy to read gauges and very comfortable seats. The Sebring has been 100% reliable with every feature/option. Sirius radio and UConnect are wonderful and the 17" rims make the car standout. As mentioned in other reviews, this isn't a hot rod or a sports car - rather it is a solid frame with a comfortable ride & good handling; competitive with any other mid sized car available today. I truly feel good about owning a Sebring convertible!
I think the car is sleek and sexy and made for a woman. However, it is a heavy car. The doors and trunk door are heavy. I have had minor problems when the car is riding at a slow speed it jerks. I think an improvement would be to add a place to put your sunglasses when your top is up and they are not on your face( sexy shades is a must). Something to protect the glare off the touch screen when watching a movie. I really love my car is was a gift for my 40th birthday and I am constantly turning heads on the road. The hardtop convertible is like having two cars in one.
Just bought it and am very pleased with our choice. On the first trip bringing it home we got 40 mpg with Canadian gallons. The 2.7 liters have enough snap and yet holds onto the economy. The visibility is great. The interior is bright and easy to enter and exit. The controls are convenient and easy to understand. Having gone from a Jeep Grand Cherokee to the Sebring we had some reservations but to this date we made the right decision.
I made the switch to the Sebring Touring from a 2002 Jaguar X-Type. I was purely looking for reliability and economy. So far I have both. In mixed driving the car is getting an average of 28 miles per gallon and over 30 mpg on the highway. I couldn't be happier with that. The car has nice features, but not the luxury I was used to. Even so, for about 21,000 sticker price it is a good value. The engine has plenty of power, although the transmission is not very smooth. Overall, if you're looking for an economical midsize car, I recommend at least test driving a Sebring.
I loved this car when I saw it. It has great features BUT 2 days after purchase I had a U-Connect problem, it has been serviced 5 times and in the shop 12 out of the 30 days that I have had it so far. I wish I had read these reviews because no one is lying here. They really need to start over with this car. Technical support is no support, no one seems to know the resolution. This was my first convertible and now the excitement is gone. I am stuck with a lemon I do believe. After reading the other reviews I guess I will have many more additional problems. That's just great! 
I turned in a 2004 Toyota Solara SLE V-6 and was concerned about going to a 4 cyl. While the V-6 was quicker and quieter, the Sebring is not too bad. The car, so far, has been proving a good investment. Mileage has been 27 MPG in a 60-40 mix. (highway-city)
Although I like the exterior look of this car, the quality of parts and interior is lacking. My wipers have been stuck on intermittent for 3 months, the remote for the top has worked twice and quit, convertible headliner started to fall out, and now the steering wheel is making a noise. I have been waiting for parts for the wipers for 3 months. Embarrassing when the top is down and the wipers come on every 10 seconds. I miss my 300C.
Car has less than 1000 miles on it and already getting 31 mpg hwy. Wow! Rides well, no road noise, plenty of power.
I purchased my vehicle in June 2007. 2 weeks after purchasing the automatic top got stuck in the up position. Could not be driven. Had to put it on a flatbed and have it towed. Ugh! 2 months later, the exact same thing happened. Had to get it towed again, in the rain! Since then, I have had two recalls on the relay switch for the same problem. While I love the way the car looks, I would NEVER recommend anyone to purchase. During this past year while having the car, I have never been able to really enjoy the vehicle, since every time I put the top down, I close my eyes and have to pray that it doesn't get stuck again. Also, does a lot of sputtering. Never could find the problem.
A real pleasure to drive. Nicely appointed interior although the hard, silver plastic trim is not too classy. Good sound from the standard radio and Sirius radio is a plus. My mileage averages between 31 and 32 for all around driving. Lots of nice goodies; auto headlights, auto dimming rear view mirror, auto temp control, power seats, etc. make is nice to drive and handling is also good.
I now have 10,000 trouble free fun miles except I had a mygig radio option. Don't let anybody kid you it is junk! In the first three months I was without a radio for at least two months. It came on when it felt like it. I was promised a software up grade each month. It never came! Finally it got here. They put it in and radio was worse. The installed a new radio. It wasn't new it was a refurbished. What a laugh. It was worse then the first on plus the switched hard drive capacity. It still didn't work. The bluetooth locked up with the phones and your party could not hear you. The put in another refurbished unit and it again was junk. Now have a new unit from a demo car and it's junk
The car handles the roads well and highway driving is like riding in a low-flying airplane. The ride is incredibly smooth with very little road noise. The feel of the car is very solid; not like a typical convertible. I?ve negotiated corners much faster than usual and found that it corners like most other cars that I?ve experienced. The dash and instrument panel is well appointed. The 3.5 is great and the extra power helps handle all kinds of traffic situations. Top goes up & down 3 times a day, no problems. Washing is a breeze; I use the drive-thru carwash & have no water problems whatsoever. Test drive this car and I think you will be ?hooked?. This car is a beauty; I love it! 
My new Sebring has been fantastic. It's great to know that you can get a car with such good mpg in a package that doesn't look or feel like an economy car. I'm averaging over 30 mpg (about 80% hwy) without crawling along the freeway. The Chevy Malibu gets a lot of press, as do the Japanese competition. But for the money, I think the Sebring is underrated, and overlooked. The Limited or Touring with Leather is the way to go. Definitely adds a feeling of luxury, without breaking the bank. Don't be afraid to stick with the 4cyl. You'll be hitting the gas pumps less!
Before buying this car I looked at many cars for my 120 mile/day commute. Living in FL has many advantages and one is that i get to commute with the top down most of the time. I looked at many cars including a Prius for this commute, but am very glad i choose the Sebring as this is the most fun to drive car i tried. With the mygig in the car all my play lists are loaded and at the ready as i head over the Sunshine Skyway with the top down. Mileage has been a bit better than listed at about 30 mpg, the highway gear helps, and it's nice to have the bigger engine when you need it.
I have had my sebring for less then a week and it is already starting to leak around the "convertible" parts to the back windows. The dealership is going to look into this. Other then that I love the car!
I should have have bought a Toyota. This car has 0 power, extremely loud road noise, sounds like the windows are always cracked open. Only reason I got it was wife love the look. Mileage terrible. Hard to say something nice about this car except its pretty on the outside. Consider carefully before purchasing this car. 
Bought it to leave at our condo in FL. Has about 600 miles on it now and I have filled it up four times already. My 04 Vette, 04 Maxima, 04 Jeep Liberty, and 07 Avelon up North all get far better mileage (nearly twice that for all except the Jeep). All in town short trips except one trip from Fort Lauderdale to Palm Beach and rtn. No leg room in back seat. Nice ride characteristics and top operation. My wife loves it though.
I've driven my car for about 1000 miles. The precision of the steering, the brakes and the standard audio system are the best of any car I've owned. It gets 24-26 mpg & I have gotten 28.3 mpg mainly hwy with some city driving. Acceleration is decent but seems to be slower than it really is because of the smooth ride. Even though the cabin space is bigger than my '97 Sebring ragtop, there is less front & almost no rear legroom compared to the '97. The fit & finish of the interior & the materials make the car look retro-futuristic. As for the design, it is comparable to the Japanese cars. The ride is as good as an Acura or Scion and the interior & trunk space are better than the VW Eos. 
I have a Touring Sedan 2.7, a car generally cross-shopped by consumers looking in the 4cyl Accord/Camry price range. Edmunds leaves this model out of the pull down menu. This car is what I have long appreciated in my Hondas; the "we make it simple" principle. As an example, compare the Sebring's three knob HVAC controls to the mess of buttons that now plagues the Accord. The Sebring has an ultra rigid body and the touring suspension has the travel and damping required to navigate America's deteriorating roads. The 2.7 touring model is a very capable driver too. The seating position is excellent and support good posture. Boston sound is superb and when it is off, the interior is silent.
I was absolutly in love with this when I ordered it. After a few months I still love it but it's not perfect. With the hard top, when it rains, the water tends to flow along the edge of the seam by the front part of the roof and off the sides. So when you open the door you will get wet. Not a big deal for me but I could see other people having an issue with it. It requires two hands to put the seat back. This is stange...you have to lift the level with one hand and push the seat back with the other. The spot between the windsheild and hood tends to collect leaves in the fall. The engine does have nice pickup except when you first start it...sluggish. Everything else is great!
I bought the Sebring about 2 weeks ago and love it i have 2500 miles on it kind of high for a 2008 but i drive long distances I recently had a 300C (2005)and it had 120,000 miles when I was done with it but I will probabley put more than that on this sebring. 
I checked out all the hardtop converts before buying and this is a much more enjoyable car than i was expecting . It is a cruiser, not a sportscar . Comfortable, quiet, and classy! Ride quality is great. All the professional reviews do not give this car justice. I am really glad I got the electronic stabilty control as we live in the snow and it really makes winter driving safer and easier. This is our everyday car in Minnesota winters. It's a car for people in their late 40s and up who want a convertible but not all the hassles to go with it. Everyone thinks it is a Thunderbird, which would be a good comparison if there was such a thing as I can see nothing that compares.
Purchased a Limited w/cloth top. Car is beautiful in Black w/cream interior. It handles and performs very well. Everything fits and build quality is top notch. 3.5L gives good performance and mileage at 20 city and 27 highway with only 500 miles since purchase. Have received many compliments. I highly recommend this car. 
It's a great car. Good gas mileage. A lot of bang for the buck. I'm 6 foot 3 and have no trouble. I love the luxury feel.
My first Sebring was a 2000 used with 20K miles. Fortunately, I purchased an extended warranty, I needed to use it several times. I swore I would not buy another one, but I did, I have had the 2008 Sebring converable less than 6 months and already have had it back for service 5 times. It needs to go back yet again. Front end noises, leaks, and 2 days ago, it just shut off when I made a right turn. Less than 7K miles. I don't recommend the Sebring Convertable. Wish I would have bought the Toyota Solana convertable. Incidendley, no space in the back seat for passenger legs. I use it as a bench. 
Bought the hard top & 3.6L V6 Limited. It is as quiet as you'll get for a convertible. A trunk & back seat area that is actually functional. The fuel mileage is off-set by the fun.
I was attracted to my new Sebring shown from the dealer window. The body is very smart and eye catching. Overall looks are great.car has a larger look than competitors. Roof operation is clever and works well. Fit is perfect. Fun to show. Car has heavy, safe feel. Handles well. Trunk space adequate. Overall nice car
Ride is great, lacks a little power, looks are grand and not the car you want if you don't want a lot of looks. Fuel mileage is better then it was listed at. Sticker said 28 on the hwy we are getting better then 30. Just love to drive it with the top up or down(prefer down).
Got mine on june 19 - now has 4500 miles- top's been up and down a hundred times and it works fine. It is a hard top. Got 26.1mpg on a trip on interstate highways and around town 20 to 22 mpg. It is a fun car 2 drive and the top going down turns heads. I put two carry golfbags in trunk w/top down.
I have had this car for two months and 3000 miles. It's left me stranded twice so far. When putting the roof down, the trunk did not close (twice now). Roadside asst. will not tow it with the trunk open. You have to drive it very slowly back to te dealership with the truck open like a sail. I've been waiting two weeks now for parts to have it fixed. I also have a 2001 Sebring with 122,000 mile and had no problems with it. Needless to say, this model is a huge let down so far. Hopefully, I won't be too far from home the next time it breaks.
This car is not a sports car. However, I found previous claims of severe problems with handling to be gross exaggerations. Even taking sharp right turns at speeds higher than I should have I did not encounter excessive body sway or tire squealing. Steering was well behaved under almost any conditions. On straights the car was quiet inside with the cloth top up, and engine noise was noticeable only upon high acceleration. Power was more than adequate. The seats are well formed and comfortable, even the back seats. I like the car.
very poor on gas milage I am averaging on 12.5 mpg. their should be a valet key to lock the truck and glove box.The remote key fob does not always work to lower the top.The u connect voice system is not very easy to work it does not have a good voice recognition.
Having owned a 2005 Sebring with an anemic engine, I decided to buy the new 2008 Sebring Limited for the 3.5 engine and the 6 speed gear box and am I glad I did. This car has good power and handling and is certainly a great improvement over the last Sebring I owned. I also do not like the hard top, so I found the rare cloth top Limited to buy. I have standard antilock breaks plus positraction, and electronic stability control options so the car is very solid, quick off the line and handles very well It us a very solid car. It does not 'swim' all over the road. Overall, it is a really fun boulevard car to drive. I love using the key fob to start it from 35 feet or drop the top. 
This is my third Sebring convertible. I had a 1999 and 2004. I am happy with the build quality, fuel economy and performance so far. I have owned the car for five weeks and have driven about 1800 miles. This is a base car and the 2.4 liter four is close to the Toyota four in smoothness and lack of noise. On a short trip (220 miles) on 2 lane highways with a number of rolling hills (not mountains) I got 27.5 mpg. The city mileage with the AC on is about 20 so far. This is not a fast luxury sporty car, but especially for the money I am very pleased so far.
I have owned 5 new mini-vans since 1986, and this is be far the best one I've owned. We like all the extra features and have had not trouble of any kind since I purchased it. This is much improved from the 2005 model I owned. The 2005 model was the worst one I've owned. I would like a little better mileage, but it's not bad for a heavy van. I think a lot of people complain about their vans, but they probably complain about most everything they have. I also question how they drive and service them. I have driven over 1,500,000 miles in 17 new GM, Ford and Chrysler products, and never had much trouble with any of them. Don't drive them like a race car and service them properly.
We leased a 2008 Town & Country and have had nothing but problems. Three days into the lease brakes made noise and stearing was off. We hadd to get new brakes, roters and a wheel alignment. Doors were opening on thier own or not closing. Drove to Florida, the radiator cap blew and radio would not work for 3 hours, radio stations change on thier own. The van is horrible and we are fighting to get out of the lease, the dealership was horrible, they are located in Jersey, they could care less that we had all the problems, they gave me a PT cruiser as a rental and made me change cars outside in a snow storm with a 3 year old and a 7 month old, no help and would not let me in the garage!!!
Brakes and tires need replaced at 24000 miles. There is a constant rattle in the overhead entertainment system that the dealership cannot keep fixed. Fuel economy is not great. Advertises 24 but with my family of six we have never gotten to 24, usually more like 22 on the hwy with a combined average of 18.
Brake pads went out at 18,000 the Transmission went out and rebuilt at 18,0000. Van quits running and the side doors fail open (SAFETY CONCERN) in the shop now. Contacted Chrysler and the dealership they are looking for the problem. This is the third major issue since we bought it 6/30/08.
We have an early build 20087, and it has been great. The only issue we have had has been the premature brake wear (that I caught right before 12K miles so dealer covered the cost). The fuel economy of this van has been fantastic, we have taken several road trips with full cargo area, and nothing at all is creaking, making noise, or otherwise working poorly. It is super comfortable, and looks great in brilliant silver. This is my first T&C as I could not buy a Honda since my Accord has had 4, yes 4, transmissions and a front end repaint since being bought new in 2002.
We bought the van due to transmission issues with our 1998 Tahoe with over 150000 miles, thinking we could avoid repairs for some time. What a joke. First it was DVD/NAV system problems, then the AC, NAV again, Front brakes at 23000 miles, Folding seats don't come up, Transmission Valve body- while driving to Soccer Toury- I coach need to be there on time- Stuck me in match box car for rental with three children, luggage, and equipment. This was Friday, did not get van back for 6 days and had to drive over 150 miles to pick up. Now at 35000 the rear brakes need to be replaced- thing is they don't have an after market brake YET it will cost $195 for this. It makes me sick- Never again!!!!!!!!
Got this brand new in July 08. May 09 - AC completely dead. Was told it is a known problem. It took two weeks to get the part. June 09 - luggage rack knob twists off. June 09 - transmission completely went out traveling to SC. Dealer in Florence told me there's nothing wrong though it could not move when towed in on Saturday. A week later traveling home transmission went out in VA - had to have a brand new one installed in VA (I live in Ohio). Was told this is a common problem. Not willing to pay expenses related to extra nights stay and travel from VA to OH and back. August 09 rear brakes froze - told known problem - 10 days now and they still can't find parts. HELP ME
I bought this 45,000 vehicle in 6/08. By end of July the air had quit. Took it to get fixed. 2 weeks later I discovered an air conditioner leak that had MUSHROOMS growing in front passenger floorboard. I will send pics if any one doesn't believe this! Also brakes were messed up (crunching sound) at about 4000 miles. Took several times with them saying nothing wrong and finally had to be replaced @ 21000 miles. The all electric 3rd row seat had 2 b fixed b/c motor quit working on one side. The sliding passenger doors don't always close & has to be manually closed. Oh and the brakes are "crunching" again @ 30000 miles. Presets on the Satellite radio only (not fm) disappear & hav 2 b reprogrammed
Purchased our Limited with 18k, now has 26k. We've had a few minor problems with the power sliding doors (one door sometimes does not open in extreme cold, the other needed an adjustment, both were oversensitive in the operation - software fix) and with the radio/nav unit (restarting the ignition fixed it). Otherwise, it's been trouble-free. Very cushy. Front seats could use more shoulder/neck support and adjustable headrests. 3rd row lacks legroom, but then, it's designed for kids. Poor HVAC control design. MPG is around 15 city, and we've gotten as much as 31 highway @65-70 mph. If you're in the market and can afford it, get the Ltd. The 3.3 and 3.8 have no real power; the 4.0 does.
Bought this piece of American junk in 08. So far the doors have needed work, the heater/ac blower motor works intermittently, the dealer of course cant find a problem. Just got the front brakes done at 23,000 miles. My guess is the use of sub grade materials, poor acceleration on highway, brake calipers frozen on rear brakes and dealership tells me it could be a week before they come in. My hope is Chrysler disappears from the business. I will never buy another. Completely sickened by the company and their unwillingness to fix any problem unless it's out of the warranty period. Bunch of crooks...
I could not be happier with my Town and Country Limited. This is the first time we splurged on"accessories" in a car but it was all worth it. We just got back from a road-trip to Florida from New York. I have 3 kids (11, 9 & 6) and they could not have been happier with the satellite TV. We're not huge TV people but it is a great way of breaking up car-time. This is also the first time that we hit no traffic taking our annual road trip to FL without hitting any traffic. I give the superior navigation system and Sirius traffic all the credit. Besides the electronics, the car is very comfortable for both me and my husband. This is all of our favorite car ever- especially my children!!
We just hit 1000 miles, and are happy with our new T&C so far. We primarily bought it due to the excellent price for the number of features. It's not as powerful and doesn't have the car- like handling some of the competitors do, but it is clearly better than the previous T&C. It's very quiet on smooth surfaces, but you do get quite a bit of noise from the tires & suspension when on broken pavement. The power sliding doors were the weak link on our previous T&C, and it looks like they may still be a problem area (one side is already making a funky sound and doesn't always want to close). Fuel mileage is close to the EPA numbers, if you go easy on the throttle. Kids love the dual DVD Players.
We bought the T&C because it has the Satellite back seat TV. If you have kids, there is nothing better to make your trips enjoyable. Traded a Highlander, and love the extra room. Looked at Swivel & Go, and went with Stow & Go. Ability to stow the middle seats is extremely handy. Pleasantly surprised at highway mileage, almost 25 MPG with 4.0 V6, about 17 around town. Wanted the Touring edition, but dealer made great deal for a Limited, happy we went with that model. The technology built in is amazing. 
Just bought my 5th Town and Country hoping that the new design was improved. I'm 6'3" and the driver leg room, with the electric seat all the way back, is so much less than previous years - my right leg is hurting from having to raise my foot to function the brake. In addition, this car is getting 30% less miles per gallon than my '07 T&C - under 13 miles per gallon in the city! I am very unhappy with the car and would return it, but the dealer wants to charge me 25% ($7,500) on a trade and I have only 1200 miles. Think this is my last Chrysler!
We have over 10,000 miles on our 2008 Limited, gas mileage averages 19 in town, 22.6 on interstate. Love the room, comfort of seats, DVD is great to keep grand kids happy. We love our van and will purchase another. Chrysler keep up the good work.
We leased at 2008 Chrysler t&c. Big mistake. The transmission went bad the day we took it home! Still hassling with Chrysler. You won't believe where this American made car houses some of its customer service. India. How is that for made in America? On the up side like the stow n go. That's what led us to it. Had a grand caravan on last lease. Really miss it.. Go for all the warranty coverage you can get here folks. You might need it!
Our troubles began approximately 2 wks after our purchase. The MyGig system has given us plenty of trouble. It has frozen up, it turns off and on by itself, the volume will go to 100% and then down to mute, CDs will lock up, the touch screen will not respond, the Nav screen will freeze up, and more. Including the hard system, computer and touch screen, we are on our fourth system to include all the software updates but to no avail. We are also having issues with the side doors; they are overly sensitive consequently they retract with the slightest pressure. If it were not for the issues with the My Gig system, the 2008 T&C would definitely be our family's all time favorite vehicle.
I have owned several cars and minivans over the years. My wife's previous vehicle was a 01 T&C with 139K miles which we traded for this new T&C. I am a life long Corvette owner. Let me tell you, I argue with my wife daily in letting me drive this vehicle. Chrysler invented the Minivan, they have to made it so much better. I love to be seen in this vehicle, everywhere I stop people ask me about the vehicle. I just reply "it is like being in your family room with the added feature of movement". To date I have not seen a crossover that can compete with this vehicle. The days of a minivan not being a "cool" vehicle are over. This is by far the "COOLEST" vehicle on four wheels for the Family..
I used to love taking the family around in the old T&C's. So what the devil happened? The dumb keyless fob that you still need to insert and turn. The moronic positioning of the bloody shifter. It actually feels smaller and cramped inside. The only thing that did not change (which should have) is the darn engine that still screams and barks while limping to speed. So sad. Will be trading this out for a loss ASAP and will be looking for a station wagon or small suv.
Ok, after looking at Honda and Toyota, we selected this one because of the features. Satellite TV, Dual DVDs, great Nav, etc. Neither Honda or Toyota could touch it. We took it down to Walt Disney World on its first trip and everyone enjoyed it. It was on the return that the "nightmare" started. This van has some electrical issues that are MAJOR safety issues. After 10 days, it is in the shop now awaiting replacement of some modules that control almost every electrical accessory in the van. Not sure if it is all of them or just some, but it does seem common. Other than this, we absolutely love it.
The Town and Country seems to get worse with every model year. I've had a Plymouth Voyager back in '89, then again in '92, switched to the Grand Caravan in 98 and the T&C in 05, now I 've got an '08. The name goes on but the quality never goes in, electrical problems just like in the '05 model, although I was assured they were all worked out. Yes, I'm covered under the warranty, except all the inconveniences and time from work I'm losing, this one is going back, I lose about 10K but I think with all the problems I've had Chrysler has another LEMON on its hands...
When I walked into the dealership and saw comparably priced Jeeps and other SUVs, I felt as though I should hang my head in shame for considering a minivan at $40,000. As it turns out, this may be the greatest purchase yet! I think I just purchased a living room on wheels. We opted for the limited- which has tons of extras- and surprisingly, really wasn't that much more expensive. Before the trade, I got this vehicle for a hair under $37k, and I am pretty sure there aren't any options that didn't come on it. The real reason we went for the limited was the upgraded seats, which are extremely comfortable. 
Being a buyer of 2 Kia Sedonas in the last 4 years I likely would have stayed with them had I not had a hassle over replacement of a transmission slightly out of warranty. Lucky for me all my maintenance was done at the dealer, and I had 5 service orders questioning the transmission operation. This T&C van is far roomier, very comfortable and it's power assist options are very welcome for the physically challenged driver such as myself. My powerchair lift was able to be installed to leave me 60% of the rear seat available if I don't take my chair with me. It is much larger than my 2004 Sedona and yet the mileage is about the same. I took the Lifetime bumper to bumper warranty. I love it
This is the fourth T&C I've had and it is the best. I opted for the stow and go as swivel looked like to tight for adults. I have big engine, radiator, and tow package so gas usage is high. Auto rear seat configuration is great as I switch from people to cargo quite often. Petty complaint is having to push the accept button on the screen each time turning on vehicle.
My third new Chrysler minivan. Still have my 1997 @ 208,000 mi.and running great. I waited a while to purchase this newly styled model. 4L engine plenty powerful and gets the same mileage as my "97 3.3L. Beautiful interior in the Limited. Lesser models are a bit drab. I consider it the Rolls Royce of Minivans. The only way to travel when creature comfort is a must. We are seniors with 2 minivans a car, 2 dogs, 2 cats. Go figure that!!
This is our second van. Leased a 2006 T&C as well. Besides the fact that I had to put brakes on the first one after 17,000 miles, I was pretty happy with it. I think the interior one the 2008 was meant to be world's ahead of the last model, but it is not. The materials are very cheap. Fit and finish is deplorable. I don't consider this a launch vehicle, as this has been in production since the summer of 2007, so that is not a valid excuse. Gas mileage is terrible. We are only averaging 1 or 2 mpg better than my gas-guzzling Durango. 
OK, I am the wife of a car dealer so I have drove just about everything, and I do mean everything. I have always driven SUV's, that is, until the crossovers came along. I was hooked on the Pacifica's and actually owned two different ones. Well, kids and their friends and their sporting equipment took over and I had to have more room. I swore to NEVER drive a van! That is, until this one came along. I didn't know what I'd been missing. I'm now a mini-van momma and lovin it! I should have crossed over to van-land years ago! For 15 years I've been a "dealer wife vehicle hopper" but those days are over now. The overall appearance is so classy. I REALLY, REALLY, REALLY LOVE THIS VAN!! 
This is my first new car. I had an 07 Pontiac Montana and it was a great van. I thought that i would love the Chrysler, so we traded in our Pontiac and got the Chrysler. I think that it need a more powerful engine and better gas mileage. I don't drive on the freeway a lot, so that is even worse for the gas mileage. My big complaint is the sliding doors. My car has been in 3 times because the doors will bounce back open. I am glad for that safety feature however not when i am unaware that it had opened again and stayed that way all night. when we took it in they couldn't find anything wrong with it. Then they ordered a part, then they re-loaded the software. Now it's an 08 problem. What to do
Ok, we never buy American cars and we never buy a car in its first year of production but we made an exception here and are very glad we did! The features, quality, and price of the Limited are amazing; you really get a lot more than Honda, Nissan or Toy. for a lot less. The 08 Honda is dated and will be redesigned in 09, the Nissan is likely to be discontinued in 09, and the Toy. is just to costly to be a contender. That left the T&C and we think it is a winner. 
This is actually our 2nd Town & Country purchase. We had absolutely no problems with our last one, just ran the mileage up and loved the improved look of the new 2008 models. We opted for a darker interior as we have 3 kids and they tend to spill every now and then - seats and carpet are stain proofed! Nice for the passengers to be able to open all of the back windows. Center console is great..lots of cupholders throughout. We looked at the swivel and go seating and there just wasn't enough knee room with the seating arrangement. We opted for the stow n go which is very convenient - tons of extra storage capacity underneath .
Three years ago we decided it was time to move out of our minivan and into a full size car. After all, the kids were grown and why did we need a minivan any more. We missed having enough room for 6 adults and we're tired of paying delivery charges for larger purchases. We did some test drives and the new Chrysler Town and Country really stood out from the rest. Driver and passenger comforts of the T & C exceeded all the others. We love the leg room for the front seat passenger (wife couldn't cross ankles in Honda's Odyssey) and the passenger side 8 way power seats. The new look is also very impressive.
Don't know why they call them "mini" van? but we love this Chrysler - our first one! Smooth, extremely quiet, no problems. mileage could be better but with 3000 miles, i guess 20 mpg overall is ok for now?
Over the last 5 years I have owned BMW's, Mercedes, Infiniti, but never American. I must say with the Chrysler T&C I was very impressed, and am very pleased with it. We traded a BMW X5 for this vehicle, and I don't regret it at all. All the ammenities of the European cars built right into a minivan. Chrysler did a great job with this minivan!
My wife and I are extremely happy with our purchase! The Town and Country is spacious, convenient, loaded with features-- 2 DVDs, GPS Nav (screen acts as 3rd TV in park), Swivel n' Go. We opted for the manual 3rd row reconfigure; the power feature is nice, but not required since manual reconfiguring is easy. Gas mileage is pretty much as advertised on the sticker (much better than the SUV we traded in!), but could be improved w/ a diesel engine. We test drove a 4.0L in the limited, and it was peppier, but we are happy with the 3.8 (and we're used to an overpowered SUV). Overall, an excellent product from Chrysler! Shoppers- also look at the Dodge Grand Caravan... only difference is looks.
Swivel n go is the best for carpool. The kids pop in and out with so much ease. The toughest part is deciding who gets to sit backward. It rides smooth. The entertainment options are super for a long car ride. The LED lights make it so easy to drive at night and let kids still do homework, read books etc. I really like the new exterior, less of an attempt at sporty --it's a minivan. The MyGig is impressive, but can take too much attention while driving. Love the Bluetooth built in. Second row cupholders are only bottle on the door less than ideal. 
I really enjoy this van. The stow and go is great. The equipment and pricing were outstanding also. The fold away 2nd row seats will also come in handy the few times I need to haul things. The driving performance is good. I opted for the 3.3L engine, so I knew that it wasn't going to be a world beater. 
The Odyssey is awesome and absolutely a better drive at any trim level then the T&C. However, if you closely compare the standard feature set on the Honda and compare it to the T&C it becomes clear that if you care more about value and less about handling and performance (it's a minivan!) then the T&C wins. I bought a Touring T&C with the M package for 29,000 dollars. A similar Honda costs almost 4000 more at invoice. Personally I don't think the Honda's moon roof and engine superiority warrant a 4 thousand dollar difference. Figure in Chrysler's life time drivetrain warranty along with it's feature set and you have a great value. BTW - I think the Limited kills the T&Cs value over Honda.
I've only had the vehicle a few weeks, but the interior layout is very good. The layout is better than our 2001 Odyssey. The smaller engine definitely lacks power. The automatic transmission tries to compensate, which causes the gas mileage to be a little lower than I would like. But the you can shift gears yourself to compensate. The DVD player is nice. As are the wireless headphones. The rear parking camera is great. The stow and go gives a ton of interior space for storage. The second glovebox is also nice. After the transmission failure on our last van, the lifetime warranty on the Chrysler put us in this van over the entry level Toyota Sienna.
I should have known. I had a bad feeling as the ink was drying on the paperwork at the dealership. We bought a brand new 2008 Town & Country stow and go on Saturday, Dec. 29th. As the salesman was delivering the car, we couldn't get the keyless start to work. So service had to fix it. Then yesterday, a warning beep sounds and a light comes on that says "ESP BAS." ESP is not defined in the owner's manual and BAS doesn't even appear. If you don't know the acronym you're left clueless. When I called the dealership, even the service manager didn't know what ESP BAS stood for. He had to look it up. I had to return to the dealer, taking time out of my weekday to do so to have it fixed. 
We just purchased a 2008 Black Limited w/ navigation and sunroof. Did not opt for DVD since no kids and 3 dogs. Overall first impressions are great. Smooth ride, comfortable, very quiet. Fit and finish looks great. Navigation is easy to use as is the bluetooth function. Voice recognition is a little difficult to setup. Previously owned a Toyota Sienna which had several recalls, not as comfortable, and overall did not impress. Traded a 2007 Hyundai Entourage for Chrysler. The Hyundai was a good van but lacked several features and depreciation faster than you could imagine. Put this van at the top of your list!
It's great to have a minivan that my friends without kids actually think is cool! It looks more like an SUV from the outside now, and the luxury inside is the nicest I've seen. I've had it a couple months now and I am so happy with our decision to buy.
Great family vehicle. Kids love the Sirius TV, swivel seats. Dad loves the nav system, heated seats, ergonomics. Wife loves the kids & dad being happy. Tested Honda and looked at Toyota. It was no-brainer plus you have a lifetime warranty on powertrain.
We frequently trade in cars, and for the past several years, we have adored the town and country. I will admit, the old van, without the dvd player, kinda felt just like a people mover, nothing special, though it has been through a lot. The new one, is much more improved, and i absolutely love it. We had to go with the swivel seats and i dont think they have faced forward since we drove it off the lot!
Our family just loves this van! I love the bigger motor--it drives much like a high-end SUV I used to drive. We also like the updated body style, backseat TV-free for one year with select models. (Disney, Nick, & Cartoon Net), along w/Sirius radio-- can't go wrong and you will get extra points with your kids for buying such a cool vehicle. If you have kids, this is the vehicle you need--you won't be disappointed. The GPS system is very user-friendly, and for those of you who tend to take a few wrong turns now and then, you are in luck with the navigation system=it gets you there! 
We have two toddlers and a teenager and we were looking for a vehicle that accomodated the family and all our things. We have been resisting the minivan market, but the Family Room on Wheels commercial made us test drive the T&C. We ended up buying it and absolutely love it. The toddlers are disappointed when they have to ride with me in my Tahoe. The ride is great, it rides like a car with minimal interior noise and an overall smooth ride. The seats are comfortable and the features are endless. We have the dark blue with cream interior which looks great and the amount of chrome outside really makes the colors pop. Here goes...I love my minivan!
After owning three Chrysler minivans we decided to buy a new van this fall. We looked at the Honda, Toyota and Chrysler vans and decided that the Chrysler fitted our needs better than the other two. The Chrysler has not disappointed. It is extremely quiet, rides well,and has plenty of power with the 4.0 L engine which has given us better than 20 miles per gallon since we have owned the van. The stow and go seating is great for carrying big stuff. So far so good and we are looking for a good number of happy years driving this vehicle. 
I decided to surprise my wife on our 12th anniversary with a new T&C - one of the few good decisions in my life! The 08 has decent exterior styling (a bit boxy) but make no mistake - it is the interior that is gorgeous. Ours is loaded with pretty much everything. The neon lights with the backlighting around the DVD consoles makes it pure business class. Power 3rd row seat folders - brilliant. The MyGIG entertainment and navigation is brilliant. Fantastic ride, smooth even on horrible Michigan roads. Wife loves it, kids love it - what can I say - Dad is suddenly cool. 
I personally drive an Acura RDX, and love it. My wife decided to look into the minivan section. I first off said Honda Odyssey, but didn't turn down the chrysler. When I first saw it, I thought wow. This really looks nice. Almost like an SUV. It drives ok, though the steering can be stiff at times, and fun to drive. Numerous options. Love the dual DVD for the kids, TV really helps. Swivel 'n Go finally gets them playing the million games they never use. We've had it for 2 months and love it.
When our lease on Pacifica was up, we came to the dealership with our 2 kids. There was this "living room on wheels" on display. We all got inside and were amazed. Hey, we are still amazed. I agree that its boxy behind is not very sexy, but it is amazingly practical. It is the insides that count. Starting from the 4.0 very powerful engine to 3 tvs (driver can watch tv when the van is in Parked gear), to the only available vehicle with a Satellite TV, it is the best all-around car for a family. I especially like to see the surprised faces of the drivers I just passed in my rearview mirror, who don't expect such a performance from a minivan. Move over, the fastest living room on wheels is here
We just bought this van and all I have to saw is that we are surprised. This van substituted my wife's 2005 VW Passat Wagon (which we loved), but we needed more space for the kids. I must admit that I was concerned about buying american, but after seeing the price and the initial reviews we decided to give it a try. All I can say is, wow. I was impressed by the looks, quality and overall feel of the vehicel. It does not corner like a sporty sedan, but it is comfortable on the roads. The traction control and brake assist are Awsome. My wife has driven through a few rain storms and she reporetd that she felt the car's braking and handling in the rain we just like her old passat :).
When my lease was up on my Jeep, I was going to purchase another SUV. However, upon returning to the selling dealer, I looked over the new body style Town and Country. I loved it, I never wanted to be a soccer mom, but it have every option and the new styling makes it look more sporty and lower to the groud. It is super comfortable and the new engine is quiet.
The performance is horrible, and I wish I didn't buy this car. Gas mpg is horrible with the big iron block 4.0 liter. Iv'e had this van for 1 month and I have had constant problems. The transmission is very sluggish and the swivel and go seats are very unsafe. My friend got in a crash with her kids in a 2008. the seats were swiveld and her kids got serious whiplash. I want to trade it in when lease is up for a new Honda Odyssey. I don't like the the power doors, because my son got his finger stuck and door did not reverse. So let me tell you what has happened in 1 month. My car gets horrible gas milage, my sons finger is severly bruised and my friends daughters have whiplash. Don't buy this!
Whats an amazing change from the old shape to this new shape, everything is different. I like the little touches that really make this car feel like a high end European car vs the cheap plastic trip we have gotten used to in our domestic minivans. The first major improvement is the room for the driver and 2nd row passengers. I am 6'3" (long torso) and i have zero problems driving this car or sitting in the 2nd row (swivel n go). We did test drive the stow n go 2nd row and the seat backs were just too low down for me, the top of headrest was below my shoulders so we had to go for the swivel n go anyway which are bucket heater leather seats just like the front (we have the 25L package).
On the whole my wife, kids and I love the van. As our first new car we like all the gadgets and the new car feel. BUT... after 10,000 miles I can hear both sliders make a creaking noise when taking off and just before coming to a stop. Also when hitting the brakes I get a vibration in the steering wheel and in the whole van.The faster I'm going when I hit the brakes the worse it is. After reading some of the reviews, this sounds like a rotor, pad problem. I may be wrong but I don't think a 42,000 dollar van [Paid 30] should do that. We also have the pass slider that wont close all the way unless done by hand. I haven't brought it in yet, so we'll see. 
We purchased the 2008 T & C after talking ourselves out of the "Loser Cruiser" stigma. We have a2007 Durango, which is awesome, but not the family mover we needed. We traded my old sedan for the T & C and have not looked back. THe van is simply the most incredible, family oriented vehicle on the market. The DVD system is great for the boys (ages 4 and 2- year-old twins). After owning for a month we packed it up and headed ten hours south to Virginia Beach. Van performed great. We had it to the dealer once for a DVD door that was sticking when trying to close...Scranton Dodge swapped out the entire system and even changed the oil..on them! So far, van is exceeding our expectations.
Brakes and rotors had to be replaced at 26,0000 cost me over 500.00 eletric door ( poor ) water damage to front carpet 
We looked at several vans and the Chrysler was the best all around value. My neighbor has an 06 oddyssy and even he admits the honda is junk and after riding in my chrysler is considering trading the honda in!
Traded a 2000 T&C for this piece of junk. Radio locked up on one channel, rear bumper cover bowed up, gear shift noisy and hanging up, tires noisy, and interior is so noisy you cannot hear radio. Cruise control is terrible. It goes from 1750 rpms to 2500 almost continuosly. Then the anti theft switch went bad while in drive way and had to have it towed. It took three weeks to get new switch. It has about 16000 miles and the tires are making loud noise and it appears also brakes may need work. No wonder they are going bankrupt. I made a mistake buying this instead of Honda or anything else.
We have had toyota,honda vans in the past. we traded in our toyota for the new chrysler t and c limited. We have had 4 navigation systems replaced,front bearings. If you can imagine we took the van in for an oil change and the dealer said our front brakes were metal to metal and the rears were 80%. The charge was $300.00 after a year our 6 year old twins have out grew the back seats,no leg room. Never Again.
What stinks? My new 2008 Chrysler Minivan. While driving home after purchase back hatchet came open without any warning. After driving turned engine off and key would not release. Back passenger doors do not close properly have to use handle most of the time. Brakes & rotor went out at 22,000 miles. Rotten egg smell. Air conditioning stopped working. Have taken to dealer over 10 times and they can not fix or duplicate any of the problems the first time. It takes them at least 4 times to get anything addressed. Dealership has been no help. And Chrysler has been even less. Way to go Chrysler. I will never buy another Chrysler product. Why can't you fix anything the 1st time? Chrysler stinks
We bought the van shortly after the arrival of our 2nd child. We figured we needed the room and went with the most popular model out there. One week after ownership, the tire monitor goes off and there's a leak in the rim. Dealer replaces the monitor. Week later, its back. Dealer fixes it. 2 months later, its back. Meanwhile, the side door has stopped closing all the way. Dealer takes 4 stabs at it before ordering all new mounting parts for the door. 15,000 miles into ownership and the brakes and rotors are so far gone that they are in need of $300 replacement. Dealer tells me its common for this van and I can expect that every $15,000 miles. Value dropped so now I cant sell it. Yay Chrysler
I am very upset with my mini van. I fell lke I have had my van in the shop every other month. With having to replace all 4 brakes. Needing it in shop to have computer recalibrated. Sliding doors not working and needing adjusted, and now burning oil!!!! I also just was called because of another recall. Can anything else happen. I tried to trade in but I owe more then they are selling on the lots!!!! Just wander what else can happen to it!!
Our T&C is the limited, which has the 253hp 4.0 L V6. We're REALLY glad we paid up for that! The ride is outstanding, acceleration is excellent, especially for a family hauler like this. We opted for the "swivel and go" seats, and our kid loves it, especially on long drives. even quick trips to the store are silent and peaceful with the satellite TV in the back. Seems like a really solidly built car.
I dont know what everyone is talking about. My minivan has been great! Everything works fine except the passenger side auto door wont close the first time we hit the button. Big whoopity do though. We drive this van everywhere and its been 100% reliable and we've had no issues whatsoever. Great van that I love to drive and the kids thoroughly enjoy being in on trips!!! 
I can not say much bad about this minivan it rides very well, great on hihway mileage. It gets over 500 MPG on the highway and it has alot of great features and things to kee children busy. 
First mini-van I ever owned. Got it because of the grand children. Great vehicle. Have 9000 miles on it. no issues what so ever. 
So far this van has been in the shop 5 times. Drivers side slid door will not stop when gas tank is open and no one can fix this! Shifts very hard and makes loud noise. AC quit at 14500 miles. Grill paint came off. Side doors will not always stay shut. My gig shuts off and back dvd turns off and on. This is the first and last Chrysler I will ever own!
Ours is fully loaded (leather,2 dvd's,hard drive,mp3,outlets,nav, sattelite,auto seats in rear,digital dual temp zones, wood grain,2 rows of heated seats,etc.). We LOVE it! We have only had a few minor things with door sensors which they fixed asap! Very comfortable and after test driving over 15 different types of vehicles, we really appreciate how smooth our van drives! The seats fold down and make it very versatile and the leather seats make it so much more comfortable than the cloth. Not all T&C are equal, but test drive it and if you are lucky enough to find one as great you'll love driving it all the time! We like the gear shift up by the steering wheel too!
Well designed vehicle,I really like it. What I dont like is when going down hill turning left,it makes a "Boom" sound.I feel very uncomfortable with that!!!!Other than that Im satisfied.
I am a real shopper and the T&C Touring was by far the best choice between the Sienna and the Odessy. The T&C had the best layout and seating plus the stow and go is great. I have had zero problems with this van and I have had it for a year now. The traction control works very well in snow. I recommend this vehicle.
Wifes car had several Chrysler minivans starting with the infamous 2.2L. This is the worst of the bunch. Less than 5000 miles from new. A/C stopped working, can't get key out half the time,several dead batteries, brakes are sqeaking,rides like crap,14 MPG in town,rubber peice on rear bumper warped have to push it down to open rear door.Would loose $5000 if traded in.Never/ever buy a Chrysler/Dodge product.......
First noticed the A/C doesn't work, then the headlights turned off at night while driving, and now we are loosing power to the engine while driving. We quickly have to hit the hazards and restart the car and hope no one hits us from behind. Our only savior has been the radar detector, which beeps out of control right before the car is about to stall out. Not safe or reliable, so we?re stuck paying for a ?Lemon? that we can?t even drive. Also have had issues with the "Automatic" door not closing & U-Connect was replaced. What lousy craftsmanship, it just goes to show American companies don?t care about the American public or their safety. We will never buy American made again-lesson learned.
We have an '08 Ltd. This is the 2nd Town & Country we've owned. We still have our '97 T & C with 153000 miles on it with very few problems. The '08 T & C has been a dream to own. The dealer is great and we have had no problems with the van.
I am sorry I ever bought this minivan. It was advertised by Chrysler to have power mirrors included as standard equipment, and it came without them. Chrysler will not install the mirrors at no cost to us, although it was advertised by Chrysler LLC.When I contacted Chrysler, (3 times) about no power mirrors, they told me it is the dealerships problem, however, the dealership and I agree, and we know it is Chrysler that is at fault. Chrysler will do nothing to remedy this problem, and I filed a BBB on the Chrysler LLC CO. and Chrysler would not even respond to this complaint. The body has an annoying rattle, and when you slow down to make a stop, it is audible. Also fluttering sound occurs.
Transmission blew with 13,000 miles of use just west of Atlanta during our 4th July weekend. We initially had problems start July 1st on the way to FL. Lee Chrysler Ft. Walton Bch, FL. said nothing was wrong and lied about the computer not having error codes about the engine. Georgia dealership found the codes that Lee Chrysler forgot to clear. Georgia dealership replaced the transmission. At around 26,000 miles the gear shift became difficult to shift down to drive. Local dealership changed the entire gear box. When my wife returned home the gear shift knob came off. Had to be towed in again. DONT BUY A CHRYSLER!
We have only had this vehicle since October 2008 and it is now broke down in our driveway. It was already in the shop once and they could not figure out what was wrong with it and now when we put it into drive it went in reverse. It has to have some type of serious transmission issues. This is only the 2nd American made car I have bought and it is looking like I will be buying Toyota from now on. I am extremely frustrated. 
Owned two other T&C Lmtds, 2000 & 1996. Waited 8 yrs to replace last one, loved it, had a hard time letting it go at 136,000+ miles and MANY memorable, comfortable family trips, but rebates were hard to pass up. Within first week, back in shop for vibration over 60 mph-shop balanced tires, still vibrates. Rumbles, shudders at times when in park; jerks forward with rolling stops. Compared to previous T&C vans: cheap plastic, leather and cloth mixed in places, uncomfortable rear seats, cheap hard "leather" steering wheel, stiffness, feel the bumps, increasing highway wind noise the longer I drive it, poor window tinting design everywhere. Middle console slides into floor storage doors.
So, I traded in my Toyota Sienna to help the US economy and bought a Town and Country. Are you kidding me??? After 3 months and 2500 miles the following has already needed to be repaired. 1) Alignment was way off. 2) Gear shifter replaced (well not yet it is on back order!)Broken AND squeaks 3) Driver's side window regualtor. 4) Ignition modules with 2 keys. Key got stuck and could not remove. First one broke 5)Replaced and relubed hubcaps due to excessive noise. How am I supposed to feel for my family's safety?? What next? I am trading this piece of junk in for a Sienna. Oh, in case you are wondering, I bought this in November 08 for 20k after rebates...trade in value 2/08 13k! 
This mini van is wonderful! We were deciding between the Honda and the T & C. I'm thrilled with our choice! While I think the Honda may drive better, the price for this can't be beat! Honda was almost $6,000 more expensive and we didn't get nearly as many "perks." The dual DVD, power doors (including the rear) and the space inside can't be beat. The Honda did not feel nearly as spacious and there weren't as many little places to put things. The inside of the car is very comfortable and easy to get around in. The back up camera is great. The option for the lifetime warranty is a good deal if you plan on keeping it for a long time. This is a great car at an amazing price, this is it! 
This is our 2nd Chrysler product (1st was '02 Dodge Grand Caravan). The T&C has a very weak engine. Our old van was quicker with the same engine (3.8L). Our 2nd choice, the Odyssey, is much more impressive in the fun-to- drive factor as minivans go. The styling of the T&C is too blocky for my tastes. However, the T&C is all about what's on the inside. The dual DVDs, hard drive, and satellite radio made our 600+ mile trip to Myrtle Beach very pleasurable. The ride is very comfortable. The fit and finish is a little disappointing. The front door does not quite line up with the rear door, which is noticeable from the side mirror while driving. Overall a great value for the money.
Took delivery 11/08 and right off the bat the back up camera did not function. I felt the dealership was trying to deny anything was ever wrong, but sure enough Took on a trip to CA, rattling in the front, where the window and dash meet. Only happens when traveling over 60 miles an hour, but intermittently. Have had only one follow up phone call from the sales guy to see how things are going. Very disappointing to me. I had looked at the Toyota Sienna, but it was $5000 more in price with the same equipment. Should I have spent the extra for a better vehicle? Time will tell. 
I never though I would lease Chrysler but I leased two mini vans one in 2006 and another in 2008. 2008 van is so far the luxuriest with stow & go, leather, DVD etc. Odometer clocked 21500 miles, no trouble. One surprise for me is front brake pads worn out totally at 20000 miles. one recall for radiator fix. Other than that, I have very pleasant experience with this car. consistently good mileage on highway (26.5) and local around 18mpg. With AC, playstation 2, radio I think that is a good mileage. 
Runs great, has really amazing pickup and go, I really like the improvement in the tranny's more than anything because our `98 Grandcaravan that we traded in, it's tranny was garbage even though it was a 4-speed but the new 6-speed is awesome. Overall, I completely satisfied with this van.
I bought this vehicle for my wife in May of 2008. Better gas mileage, haven't seen it yet. 3 months old and approx. 3,000 miles radio would lock up. Chrysler replaced radio. 1000 miles later radio did the same and transmission was leaking. Chrysler said that they could not replicate the radio and that they just tighten the trans. pan. They wanted it to happen and let them see the problem. They said then that the software may be bad then. But wanted to wait and see what happens. Now while driving at night, at 11800 miles, all electrical flashes off, including headlights. Scaried to drive it now. Won't buy this product again. Family vehicle or family death trap? 
I love this van but when I stomp on the gas the engine whines and then slowly boosts like a turbo. I've owned a 1998 Grand Caravan with 310,000 miles on it and I never had to service it. With this crap I'am taking it in weekly. I should have a reserved parking stall at the dealer when I take in for servicing. It's comfortable riding
The Chrysler T & C is a great family vehicle. All that you want or need in a family minivan is here and then some.
We bought ours in the first week of Jan. 2008. Now having driven the car 14000+ miles I have had nothing but problems. It was reliable for the first 8 mos and then after than I started having multiple electrical problems, dashboard blackout, no volume on radio, door failure, remote failure, no heat in the dead of WI winter and no automatic functions on electrical. Things would spontaneously correct after either stopping and restarting the vehicle or after two or three hours of letting it sit and restarting again. We had the new ignition module put in and problems are now worse. I am currently waiting on a second tow. I used to love this car, but have lost my confidence in its reliability.
This piece of junk! Thank is all I can say. This was my first brand new vehicle. I was and am so disappointed in the van. Everything breaks on it! The life time transmission well thank god for life time you will need it! Ours has been in the shop 8 times for the transmission, 2 times for plastic snapping off of the seats, 4 times for the squeek in the front, 1 for engine light, oh! lets not forget if you happen to scrape the bottom in the front skirt there is a clip (plastic no less) that holds the front bumper to the side panels that will break. That will cost $500 and a body shop..2 times for the alarm not working. I hate this van!Save your money!
We traded in a 2005 300 Limited and we thought it was going to be hard to find a car that would drive, ride, and have the things we wanted to enjoy trips in but the new 2008 Chrysler T&C Limited we think is by far the best car we have ever owned. Talk about fuel economy, 28 on a trip.18-19 around town. There isn't any foreign car or van that I think would compare to this van all around. I also like the idea my money is staying here in the USA. We need it .This van has enought room to bring everything we need to FL for our winter months.
Bought my van begining of the year. So far, I have had quirky little problems. If the Keypod is not turned on and "clicked back" nothing works, heat, radio, lights. I took it in and of course, nothing wrong. Took it back in a 3 weeks later because if I do a "california" stop, it jerks foward. Dealership told me that I need to stop at a stop sign. Lots and lots of brake dust flying out of my front tires. Said that was normal. Asked if I could get new brake pads put on, yes, for for a price. Sliding doors flew open or would not shut, fixed by new "download" repair. Now I just got back need all new ball bearings in tires. I'm going back to Chevy. 
I have to admit I love this car. I bought it for my wife and kids but I use every excuse to take the car. It rides great. The handling for a van is outstanding. This is my 7th T&C and by far its the best. I have to be honest from the front and side the van looks nice. From the back it looks like a shoe box with tail lights. My kids love the warmers in the back seat. The remote start is great for the cold weather. Being able to load all your cd's into the hard drive is great.
After 12 month/12785 miles ownership, we are very happy with the 08 T&C Ltd. minivan. Highway mileage: 60 mph= 27- 38 mpg; 65-70 mph=23-24 mpg; local driving =14-16 mpg. Van has stow n'go seating, no tvs or navigation system. Bought a Garman Nuvi GPS instead which is very satisfactory. Warranty work so far: adjust the latches on two doors and address rattle in overhead console via Chrysler bulletin by torquing bolts that hold the console to the ceiling and taping a loose wiring harness behind the front light indside the overhead console. In summary, we're very happy with this van.
The new T & C Touring is sweet. My grandaughter wants to go in "Papa's Car whenever we go on a trip. The entertainment system is tops. We went to Florida shortly after we got the van. On the trip home from Dothan Ala. to Columbus Ga. We got 26.3 mpg! Not bad for a vehicle the size of a T & C. We were sold on Chrysler before we bought this one. We had 3 before this. Go get yourself one. You'll love it
I really like the looks and convenience features of the van. It has a solid feel on the road and a good ride. I am disappointed in the initial quality. We have had several electrical issues; dashboard blackouts, radio failure, a "clicking" noise in the upper console above the second row seats. 28 days in the shop within 6 mos. of ownership. Most problems were fixed with updated control modules but the "click" is still there and they can't figure it out. Gas mileage is not as good as rated, 20 to 22 mpg is the best it delivered on a rating of 24. If Chrysler could deliver better quality their designs would be tough for the competition to beat. Nice vehicles, but quality suffers.
I have never been a fan of minivans, but with kids it has become a necessity. We didn't want a SUV because of gas mileage and this seemed like a nice alternative. We decided on the Touring Signature Series. We have had it about 3 months now and my wife loves it. It is very comfortable and still amazes me the amount of features this van has for the price. The seats are comfortable and riding in back is great. The drop down dvd players with cartoon channels makes it easy for kids to watch different things. Gas mileage is very reasonable for a vehicle this size, we are averaging about 20-21 mpg mixed use driving. 
On a trip of about 160 miles of mostly highway driving at 65 mph, the computer reported 24.4 mpg with the 4.0 engine. The ride is quiet, seats are comfortable,and acceleration is impressive for the vehicle's size. Resetting the mpg meter to see what the vehicle will get around town, it appears to be between 17-18mpg. Now I only have about 1500 miles on the van, so I don't have a lot of data. The amount of electronic/electronic stuff is scary but if the vehicle is as reliable as my other 2 Chrysler vehicles ('01 300M & 96 Caravan) I'll be very happy. I'm not a dedicated Chrysler fan but I've picked them for their price/features/ and looks. But I still like the rounded looks of the 96 better.
This van has been great for my wife and I, and also for our two girls. I chose this van over it's competitor (the Honda Odyssey) because of all the extra bells and whistles that it came with at a reasonable price. We still have not used all the options- ( like the hard drive and stuff) but as for now everything seems to work great and it?s a nice smooth ride. It is also easy to get in and out for both us and our kids. The stow and go makes it so we can hall bigger thing we buy with out needing to take the truck all the time. We have enjoyed this van. It gives us a lot of information that we find useful as we are on our trips.(Tire psi, gas mileage, in and out Temp, GPS,and much more. :) 
I have had this car for less than a year and have already had it is the shop 20+ times. I bought this car because I was very excited about all its wonderful new features such as the swivel seats, satellite tv, duel dvd, etc. We have had nothing but problems. Already we have had to replace entire MYGIG system, fix doors because they would pop open, fix sensors that would ring, replace break pads, replace gear shift and the list goes on. I have bruised my head twice when trying to adjust middle row seat back because they fling down with violent force. It is a big disappointment because the car has so many great features, looks nice and is comfortable but no reliability.
I have owned Dodge Caravans before and had good success with them over the years. Recently, we purchased a 2008 Town and Country Touring with the MyGig, SATTV, dual DVD screens and much more. This is a great family vehicle and very comfortable. It truly is like sitting in your living room!! This car is significantly quieter than prior models. Road noise is still there, but not bad. The 3.8 liter is not going to win any races, but it has adequate power for Mom as well as for highway driving. Dash is very plush and controls are easy to use. Headrests are dramatically improved over prior vans. Altogether, I recommend this van. 
Bought one. The day after buying my van, my wife and self made a 350 miles trip. We had a tire flat that could not be repaired. Being on Sunday all dealerships were closed. We found a retail store that sold the replacement tire, but was told that no tires were available(17" wheel) from the factory. All available tires were used for the 2008 vans. We had to get a hotel room, to wait for a dealership to open(missing a day from work). The dealership was unable to get a new tire, but they found an old tire off a used vehicle. we were finally able to get home. While returning from a second trip the multifunction switch controlling the wipers and high beams went out(the wipers could not be turn off)
Traded a 2002 Mercury Villager, and can only hope the Chrysler is as good a vehicle as the Villager proved to be. Kids love all the video and multimedia bells and whistles. Although the heated 2nd row seats were much anticipated, it appears the built-in boosters eliminate that feature with absolutely no disclosure by the window sticker, nor anywhere I can find in the manual. Deplore the lack of automatic climate control in trim levels below Limited. Air conditioning is extremely anemic compared to the Villager. Extremely well-equipped and I have yet to discover every little bell and whistle. Already wish I'd spent the extra $$ for the Limited, although I did get an amazing deal on it.
I absolutely love my new t&c. I had a 2006 300 which was a great car but basic in engine and style which didn't bother me but when I had my second kid I needed more room and this van did that and more. I also decided to get the touring limited package with dual dvd which my four yr old loves. my only issue is that it suppose to get 16 miles to gallon but we just got it filled a second time at 3.65 a gallon cost us 75 dollars and it only gets 10 miles to gallon! a little deceiving there but otherwise a great van!
We have the 2008 Signature Series and Love it!! Smooth Ride, Stow n Go, Dual DVD, Leather, Great Fuel Economy. What more could you want?
Having laughed at minivans for 20 years it was inevitable that I finally had to buy one now that the kids have arrived. Honda is the most fun to drive, Toyota the fastest and has AWD. But for utility and space the T&C is the best. And that's what minivans are for. We took it on a trip this week to Chicago with 2 adults and 4 kids. Lots of space and the satellite TV kept the kids happy. Power doors made entry and exit easy. Stow and Go is a marvel. It is so practical. My other car is a Porsche 911 and the wife a Mercedes GL. We love the van as much if not more than the Germans.
I didn't want a mini van. I loved my Durango. We needed something newer that would fit the family more comfortable. After test driving the van I knew that we found something. They didn't have the color I wanted to the dealership found me what I wanted. I have been reading other reviews about things needing to be fixed and having a hard time getting them fixed. We had a problem with the windshield not being sealed all the way. We had no problem getting it fixed. Maybe people should be a little bit more understanding that it is the first year of a new model. There will always be problems that need to be fixed. If you treat the people with respect you will be treated better.
I purchased my 2008 Town & Country back in Dec 2007, the van has not been too bad overall, but I took it in for the 10,000 KM service. The Transmission is leaking it leaded about 500 mi in my drive in just 4 days of sitting. The materials on the interior are of very low quality. The few times the radio has had not volume, had to shut off the car and restart to get it to work. Swivel seat are too heavier to be removed, but they are comfortable. Second and third Legroom is less on the 2008 models compared to the 2002. I do like the storage bins. There is a TSB about the radio and dead batteries. Navigation maps are too old, update in fall 
This was the first minivan we've ever own and we really like it. We test drove several minis and we felt that the TnC Signature series has the complete package (fun factor plus the lifetime bumper to bumper warranty). We took the minivan on a trip the same week we bought it and the whole family enjoyed the drive all way down to the OBX. Kids enjoyed the dual screen (one was watching DVD while the other was watching TV). Our avg MPG for the trip was 25/gal (~1000 miles). The van now has 1350 miles and still driving smooth. The power doors and liftgate was awesome!
Like the last poster I too took my van on a road trip from Arizona to California for memorial day. At 3500 miles we heard a knock, lost all power and died. After being stranded with our 18month old on the side of the road it was towed to a dealership and we were told the engine was blown. After it was the for 2 weeks getting the small block repaired we drove it home to hear a knock again, our dealer here then had to replace the upper engine (rocker assembly) I have had nothing but a hard time from Chrysler over us being stranded out of state and having to then go back to Cali to get it. And another 4 days here to repair again. I had made one car payment on it and then had 3 weeks of rentals.
We love everything about our T&C. First minivan and wonder why we didn't get one before. 
I have to say, I never owned a Chrysler product before, but I bought the T&C Walter P. Package and it is the most value you can get for 35k. Navigation, Dual DVD's, Swivel Seats, It is unbelievable how much you get for the price. My advice is go to the dealership and hopefully you'll get a smart, knowledgeable, kind salesman as I did. i've had the car for 6 months, yes there have been a few minor problems, but I know that will happen with any new car, not knowing all about it. And with the Lifetime Warranty, I know I can run it until all the interior parts fall apart, which will be a while! I am a Chrysler fan for life!!
We traded a 03 Expedition/Eddie Bauer. The wife and I tested the Odessy, Sienna, and Ford Flex. We have 4 kids ages 20, 16, 13, and 7 and a small dog. Going into this purchase we put a premium on comfort and utility. This purchase was mainly for road trips from Georgia to TX, AZ, and MD. The Honda drove the best and had high comfort but the driver seat was uncomfortable. The Toyota was impressive but expensive and the Flex to small. We rated this van behind the Honda until pricing and entertainment. Chrysler T&C Touring was far better. We paid about 23,700 not including T&T. We put the van on the road to TX a day after buying and were impressed! We also got a lifetime power train warranty.
My wife and I have had mini-vans for 16 years. We've bought GM & Chrysler and this Town and Country Touring is the best one yet. Great features for the price and good, rugged looks. 6 speed transmission is a big plus. Much better gas-mileage than our 2001 LX with the 3.3 liter. Averaging anywhere from 24-27.9 MPG on the /HYWY. Computer's estimated mpg is off, however - anywhere from 0.7-4 mpg, reliable so far. Power doors are improved over previous models. I am 6'5" and there is plenty of room for me. Love the stow-in-go seats. Can haul most anything. Just fold and forget! SAT radio is great as we live in a rural community. There are some cheep plastic parts but over-all quality is good. 
The T & C gas mileage is really bad. The road noise is very loud, and my wife keeps asking if there is a hole in the muffler. The seats are very uncomfortable.
This van is louder than my 1 ton truck. Dealer said they all sound that way. Interior gets to easily dirty and scuffed. Van gets not much more mpg. Than my 1 ton 4 wd truck.
We have had several problems with the navigation and automatic sliding doors. After several trips to the dealership to fix these issues they replaced the radio and recalibrated both doors. We love the car since these issues have been corrected. The bigger engine is KILLING us in gas. We have the Limited 2008 Durango and a 2007 Corvette. Who ever thought we would see the day where the Vette is by far the best gas mileage. We have spending close to $1,000.00 per month on gas. Thank you BUSH!
I have had the car about 2 1/2 months. We went to Fla. on Vacation. I got 21 mpg at 80+ mph. But coming back I drove slower and tried to see just how much mileage it could get. I got 26.2 mpg from Dothan, Ala to Columbus, Ga. The Car has a great ride. The sound system and the Sirius Sat radio and TV are wonderful. My granddaughter always wants to ride with us. Thanks Chrysler. The only thing I see that might be improved quality wise is the shifter. To me it seems not the quality the rest of the van is
We recently purchased our T&C minivan and I love this vehicle. We ended up using a F&F discount and received a huge discount on the vehicle. Not only do I feel like I got the best minivan on the market, I got it for the best price. I love everything about the vehicle from the exterior style to the interior comfort features. The dual dvd system, sat tv are the best thing one could ever find in a car to keep the little ones quiet. I can now either drive in piece and quiet or listen to whatever I want and the kids can still be happy watching what they want with the headphones. Great feature!
Since day 1 terrible wind noise, transmission does not shift right, van rattles, terrible gas mileage, and have had trouble with the power trunk. Chrysler has done nothing to help. Will not return phone calls or letters. Finally after threating lawsuit or arbitration Chrysler finally agreed to work on the van under warranty. Van has 5500 miles on it. Van is 3 months old. Last Chrysler for me. Owned a 02-05-and 08 models all were new. Buy the Honda or Toyota or you will be sorry.
Returned 2005 Touring edition lease and got 2008 Touring Signature Series. Lease price less for much better vehicle - now have leather heated seats, rear back up camera, dual DVD system. remote start, navigation with Sirius Satellite for 1 year and many more great features. Only concern is the MPG. Last van did 16/17 mpg around town, now getting between 9 and 12 - HELP! Hope this improves. Went on 80 mile road trip to try to improve but the best was 14 mpg. Had slight problem with dual DVD but dealership is replacing. Overall love this vehicle, better bang for buck. Just hope MPG improve.
Chrysler would not even call me. I had to threaten with a law suit or go to arbitration. Finally they called. My van from day 1 has a terrible air leak that comes through the dash I think that is so loud you cannot even hear the radio or talk on a cell phone. Sounds like a train whistle. The transmission is a joke. Gas mileage 20 on the highway with the Cruise on. So in ending if you have to have a van you better go to Honda or Toyota. I have owned 2 1995 Dodge vans and a 2005 and 2002 and this 2008 lemon. Hey Chrysler stick a fork in me I am done with your vehicles and no help at all from you. Y'all just do not care. Thats why your sales are slipping every month. Hope this is helpful .
We really enjoy the swivel & go. It allows you to bring a restaurant on the road. The vehicle is fun to drive. We didn't get electric doors due to price incentives. Wished that it came in a hybrid or diesel for better mileage. Really enjoy the instrumentation on the panel. Allows you monitor your driving and how it affects your mileage.
We purchased this van so we would have a reliable and safe vehicle to drive back and forth to Chicago from South Carolina. Our first trip out, this lovely $40k vehicle lost all power and left us stranded in the Great Smokey Mtns. After being towed to the nearest dealer (70 miles away) we were informed that our engine was BLOWN. Yup - we made it exactly 2000 miles on one engine. Wow - is this a record? Needless to say, we are trying to get Chrysler to buy it back and perhaps get a Honda Odyssey? Maybe our van was just a fluke? Either way, being stranded with a 19 month old for 3 hours on the side of the road is not a good endorsement. Shame on you Chrysler. 
We enjoy the new model, many great features with swivel seats and enjoy the high tech goodies. We have been unimpressed with the 9mpg city driving. Our 2003 got 16 mpg city.
We purchase this 08 Town&Country Limited after test driving the 08 Sienna XLE Limited and 08 Oddyssey Touring. This T&C is by far the best we've seen. We didn't like Oddysey's "Tin can" feel, road noise at highway speeds and the really dated dashboard. The Sienna was a good competitor but lacked swivel & go and SAT TV plus small cargo space and no gadgets. Instruments too looks dated. The T&C has a European feel to it. Turns out it is also the same as the VW Routan. The plush ride, beautiful interior, dual screen + satellite TV makes this van better than our Lincoln Navigator! Chrysler products was never in our radar screen before. This Minivan just blew us away.
While this car may look nice outside inside it has cheap plastic look and there is barely enough room in third row for adults. But the main problem is its reliability. I've own it for 5 months and already had to be towed 2 times (electrical problem) and one time had radio removed and repaired. Since Chrysler doesn't have loaner cars you will be stuck getting rental car. Also this car only gets about 13 miles per gallon of gas which makes it very expensive to drive nowadays. 
This 2008 Limited is our 5th T&C since 1996. It is, by far, the best riding of the bunch. The new 4.0L is MUCH better than the anemic 3.8 was. The gas mileage, although not great, is the same as our 2005's, so I can live with that and the extra 50 hp or so. The Bridgstone tires (on the 17" wheels) are terribly soft sidewalled, so handling is sloppy. Replacements will have lower profile and stiffer walls. The interior is still the best available. No swivel here. We love the stow-and-go. MyGig and Nav are nice improvements too. The light colored seats are just stupid! After 2 days, the driver's seat was dirty. Shifter placement takes getting used to. Overall: Better than previous year.
Just completed a 1500 mile trip in our 2008 T&C touring edition. This is a well thought out vehicle, with lots of nifty features- mygig, heated power seats, etc. The van handled very well on the (mostly freeway) trip. Good power from the 3.8 V6. The braking is very good. I averaged almost 25 MPG, which is better than I expected to get. That should improve a bit as it gets fully broken in. I think the 6 speed transmission helped with the high "overdrive" gearing. Here's a tip - my Chrysler dealer offered bumper to bumper lifetime warranty for around $2,000. A quick internet search found other Chrysler dealers selling the same thing for $1500 or so.
Probably the worst car Chrysler ever produced, definitely the worst car I ever purchased. One electrical issue after another, poor quality control, parts built to the minimum specs, very low rate/cheap materials
Have not made my first payment yet and it is in the shop for 5 days for a brake issue and when opening my power lift gate I tried to close it and the van thought it was already closed. I had to drive with my lift gate not closed to the closet dealer. I have only heard rave reviews on this new van and the creature comfort won me over. I hope I made the right decision.
Ok, so we did just pick this up tonight from the dealership, but I'm in love! We were die-hard import drivers up until now. But seeing how we were hit in a major front end collision last week that totaled our Nissan Quest, we had to find another van quickly with our family of 5 plus pets. So I did my research, asked around when I'd see a T&C driver in a parking lot-and got very positive reviews. We got our Touring edition for the same cost as a stripped down Toyota or Honda!! We've been driving around all night in our new van. The kids LOVE the swivel and go seats & the dual dvd screens! For once they have begged to get in the van! LOL
We bought the T&C because it was a much better value than the Honda or Toyota models and I liked the look and interior of it a great deal. The gas mileage calculator that is built-in is flawed as I manually calculated it on a recent trip and it was 3 MPG higher. The Mygig system is great and the NAV system is pretty solid. I wish it had traffic updates outside of major cities, but I can live without. The interior is very roomy. The lighting in the van is exceptional. I would recommend this van to anyone. I think the interior is average quality wise - some nice things, but some cheap things as well. But the same is true in most cars - including my Toyota.
This vehicle makes a bad noise when you stop and turn car off. They stated it's because it's new, well how old does it have to be. The ac makes a whispering noise. The seat in the second seat is very dangerous it goes back to soon and fast. It hurt my niece who is 33 years, it bruised her, can you imagine what it would do to a 5 year. I'm really scared for my grandkids.
This is my 2nd Town & Country. I just traded in my 07 Ram pick up for the new 08 Town & Country Touring with Nav and leather. I drive a semi for a living, and get kidded to no end for my owning and driving a mini van. Soccer mom is what they call me! And I ain't a mom! The T&C is a great vehicle. It rides like a Caddy, has more room than my pick up and is fantastic for those trips to Sam's and Costco. We have no kids, but the utility of these vans is incredible! The Stow n Go seating takes the cake. The reason we have a Chrysler. With the seats down, you can put just about anything back there. Home Depot for a sheet of plywood, no sweat! A real mans vehicle!
This car is leased. It is the R/T FWD. It is not a quick sporty vehicle, it is a borderline luxury car. Think Lincoln MKZ, but cheaper. It is great on the highway, very comfortable and quiet, but that is not what I was in the market for. It is white and the exterior styling is great. I went from a Contour SVT to this and this car is soft compared to the SVT. The climate control went out and was replaced under warranty. Overall not a bad car, just not what I wanted.
This car is great,style a true muscle car the deal I had gotten on this car was fantastic over 7500 off plus another 2000 for my trade and only 100 miles The car looks and rides great I average anywhere from 31 to 36mpg on the highway all the downfalls that Edmunds has said are not true I often catch myself cruising at 75mph with out even realizing interior is nice and very accessible my 14 year old son thinks the car is awesome and wants it in 2years when he starts to drive overall a great value I drove the honda accord and chevy and this is much better for room and performance
I fell in love with this car. Big mistake! I had a oil leak with 3-6 months after I purchased the car. It took 3 trips to service dept. to finally fix it.One recall done for latches in door. Shifter broke and front rotors have already had to be turned. Now they are saying back rotors need to be turned also.
Ever heard "GORGEOUS ON THE OUTSIDE, HORRIBLE ON THE INSIDE". That's the perfect description for the Dodge Avenger! I bought my vehicle 10 months ago. I'm very disappointed - the vehicle is unreliable and the performance is poor. So far it's been to the shop twice! First the shifter got stuck on park. I had to pay to tow and replace the entire shifter assembly. Second, the car made squeaky noices when I moved the steering wheel. I had to take it back to the dealer for repairing...Now, I'm hearing a rattling noise in the engine...I can't wait to get rid of it! 
I thought this would have been the car for me after all the problems with the stratus. Boy! first thing brakes @ 15 mnths. 2nd, Stuck in park, 3rd battery died, computer had to be reset after vehicle was lazy in going. Car squeaks a lot. But, I love how it just go when the need arise. 
I purchased a used 2008 Dodge Avenger a few weeks ago. I went with this car because it looked way better than a Camry, Accord and all those other cars that look all alike. It drives good and my 2.7 V6 is pretty quick. I recommend going with the V6 model over the 4 banger. I drove both versions of the Avenger and the difference is like night and day. Interior is somewhat bland and the door panels are very hard to clean. There is one huge blind spot in this vehicle that I will have to get used to pretty quick. The 17" tires are perfect for the potholes I have to put up with where I live. This is my first Dodge and their styling right now is above and beyond everyone elses. 
What a great drive. I traded in my 2004 jeep liberty renegade for something that gets better gas mileage and I was not disappointed. I get 32+ miles on the highways and 28+ city. The 2.7V6 gives me lots of passing power and the stain repellent seats are worth their weight in gold. I tell everyone I talk to that the Japanese cars have got nothing on this!!!!!
I traded in a 02 Taures ses for my Avenger. The Taures had better speed and was much more comfortable. The look of the Avenger from the front is awesome!! From the back not so much. I am having problems with my Rpms going up by itself. Yesterday while in park in my driveway my Rpms shot up to 4 all on its own, I had to shut it off and that stopped it. My windows squeek if rolled all the way down and the steerling feels off. I am going to have it looked at Wednesday I hope the can diagnose the problems and fix it asap. For a new car I did not expect all the problems I am having.
i bought this car in May 2008 and have had for 14 months now. i have 34,000 miles on the car with a longgg commute to work and have never had a problem (knock on wood). yes i have the 4 cyl, but you can't beat the gas mileage. one of the comments above said that they got compliments on their car. i get the SAME thing. everyone loves the look of the car. take care of the routine maintenance and you shouldn't have any problems. 
I love the exterior look and the car handles well. I'm a little disappointed with the amount of recalls (3) so far and the radiator sprung a leak at the seam for no apperant reason. Luckly it was still under warranttee. The only other thing that concerns me is the erratic transmition shifting when the engine is cold. The ride is comfortable and I get comments on the sleek exterior. Pick up is good, and it gets good gas mileage. Not the car to work on in your back yard though, the battery is located under the left wheel well cover and nothing looks easy to work on under the hood,...water pump, alternater, A/C. etc. are all buried. I will probobly pay it off and sell it, three years from now.
I've had the car for abut 2 months now. It's great. A good priced head- turner... maybe even more than a Mustang. (you know it's stylish when the guy driving a Mustang takes a long jealous look at your ride. Interior might be cheap, but it is still somewhat in style.
I have had 3 used cars and for this being my first brand new car, I love it. I wanted the big Charger but the price was a little high so I settled for the little brother. No complaints though. This car looks tough and has the power and style to back it up. The 3.5 liter V-6 is impressive. It?s no race car but it moves. It has 240 hp from the factory vs. Ford?s Mustang V- 6 210 hp. Any questions? The ride is unbelievable. My grandfather has a Cadillac and he feels the avenger rides better. Nice car good price get one! I would have like the navigation system but just too much. Would recommend to anyone.
I was looking for a stylish affordable midsize AWD, especially for our winter. Considered the Fusion (didn't like the looks), Legacy (pricey) and some of the Chrysler models. Then saw the new Avenger and liked it (and the price) immediately. Good headroom and space, front and back. High sides on front seats may be uncomfortable for wider bottoms. Nice dashboard and interior lighting. Don't care much for the hard plastic finishes. Didn't bother with the Navigation system - the technology is changing too fast. Getting lots of admiring looks in the parking lot. 
I got one of the first on the lot and fell in love with it at first sight. Great styling. Pick-up is great but I'm no rabbit and the worst mileage I've gotten is 28.1 with 32.2 on a recent long trip. Sure is nice to drive 7+ hours before I have to fill up with cruise control set on 73. I'm over 60 and it's easy to get in and out of. The interior is well laid out and very quiet. Love that can cooler and 6 CD changer for long drives. Fold down rear arm rest is the best yet for passengers. Trunk is humungous and makes it easy to stash lots of stuff. Also love the dual-level console with the sliding arm rest so I can put it where I need it. The adjustable lumbar support is great.
I absolutely love this car. The way it looks, the way it drives, everything. I finally got rid of my Jeep after 10 years & knew I was in the market for a sedan. My first choice was the Sebring, but when we saw this car on the lot, I had to drive it and oh my God. How I love this car. I haven't seen too many on the roads yet, but I have a feeling this is going to be a very popular choice of vehicle for all people.
The Avenger being my first car (going from trucks) in 15 years, I was a bit nervous about how well I would settle in to driving it. But, this car has turned out to be a blast to drive. Smooth shifting and handling, responsive accelleration, better than stated fuel economy (19 mpg combo hwy/city) and a bunch of nifty creature comforts. I will be interested to see how well the AWD with ESP does on icy roads. No regrets here!
I bought this car because I was looking for an affordable AWD car that also had great looks.So far I am very satisfied with my Avenger. The R/T trim adds the most powerful engine available and it is plenty powerful. The car can take off when I need it to. There is ample room, both front and back. Watch for the blindspots they are numerous. Overall I am very happy with the car and in retrospect would still definately buy it. 
I have been looking for a new midsize car for the last few months and have been to every dealer we have in town here. This is the only care that stirred any emotional response from me and it did that very well. I drove the SXT and the R/T, the R/T is defiantly the way to go if you like spirited driving. I have only had the car a few weeks but I haven?t found any thing to regret this buy. I really recommend this car for anyone shopping in the midsize market that wants to stand out and have fun doing so.
This car is peppy and takes hills very well. Sharp styling. Fun to drive. Check out the paint before you drive in home from the dealer. I noticed when I got home a few imperfections in the paint. I have Silver Steel metallic and it's great. Plenty of room on a trip with kids. Don't think because it's 4 cylinder that's a dog. It's a 16 valve. 
Just bought this car and couldn't be happier. Did quite a bit of shopping and comparing before I purchaed it. Looked at the Caliber hard too since it's the same platform. Handles great, very quick although slightly 'doggish' when the air is blasting 0-40. The transaxle shifting is very nice and it looks great. Gas mileage on the first tank was around 25.
Very sharp looking with a 3/4 Charger look. Rides firm, solid without being harsh. 6 speed automatic shifts quickly and smooth with no lag between gears. Mileage is same as advertised. Full of features like the upper bin that keeps soda cans cool and the hot or cold beverage holder in the console. Both ways work excellent. Interior lighting at night is awesome - almost like high end aircraft! ATC keeps temperature inside constant, no dialing up or down needed once you find your comfort zone. 3.5 engine is quiet and the exhaust has a really cool, high performance sound. 
This car is great up hills. It isn't noisy like someone had said. I have the dark/light slate seats and Silver Steel Metallic. The paint glistens in the sun. I am totally please with this car.
I only have about 600 miles, but am happy thus far. I purchased an extended warranty, not happy with stadard warranty! I hope the quality continues, and does not degrade over time. The AWD mileage is about 16 thus far with mixed driving, which isn't good, and about the worst for a car with its engine size and horse power. Wife's 2000 Nissan Pathfinder gets 17 under same conditions. Overall I like the car, and think it's a good value for the money. 
We have the SXT with the 2.7L flex fuel engine. Rides far better on Michigan's roads than our Accord did. Interior design is also better. Unfortunately the interior has too much cheap, hard, and gray plastic. It's also slower than our 2001 Stratus ES with the same engine, and gets 5 MPG less. Somehow Dodge has made this engine sound like it came from a bread truck instead of the nice exhaust sound on the Stratus and smooth acceleration. The Avenger seems to "fight" it's way up to speed. We have the upgraded seats and even those are awful. No comfort at all and they squeak like crazy. Like the looks, love the design, but needs better quality, MPG, and be put on a diet. Close, but no cigar.
When I first saw the Avenger, I must admit I wasn't too much impressed. Went to test drive one and got the car the same day. For a 4cylinder it has great take off and the ride is very smooth. If you want a Charger, but don't want the price and gas mileage, get the Avenger. The car dosen't burn hardly any gas, you can ride in style for days.
Would be nice if gas mileage would increase. I am not getting 28mpg. Car handles very well. One mistake I made was to add the rain guards, they create too much of a blind spot. Overall I am very happy with it.
My initial plans were to buy a Chrysler 300C this year. However, the significantly lower price and sexy looks of the Avenger caught my attention when I went to the dealership. I first testdrove the SXT, but then on impulse, I decided to purchase the R/T sitting on the showroom floor. I was amazed at the difference. The R/T is at least as much fun to drive as the BMW 328i I had a few cars back. I bought it three days ago, and I love driving it so much that I've already put a thousand miles on it. It's just fun to drive, and a great value for the money. Also, four people have plenty of room, which is something I didn't expect in a car this size. 
 I looked at a lot of cars before I bought this Avenger, and I must say I'm glad I waited for this car. The car is excellent in the city and on the highway. My R/T is loaded with every available option and I think this car will be a classic. Thumbs up to the Dodge Avenger designers.
Perfect for my needs. I don't really need the size or power of the Charger/Mustang, but I liked the exterior lines/shape of the Charger. The Avenger's 4 cylinder engine is so quiet that you wouldn't expect the power behind it. Last tank was 32 mpg on the highway, which is what I had hoped for. Handles great in the city for the money.
Having owned this car less than a month, I couldn't say much about reliability. I can say that it is fun to drive, and has gotten me compliments from anyone that's seen it. The ride is smooth and great for cruising around over long distances or for short trips, but this car still manages a feeling of control and sure- footedness in the turns.
During the test drive, I was somewhat skeptical. But after 20 minutes on the road, I realized this is a really nice car. Maybe not as quick as some, but the looks are super. The vehicle handles extremely well. The mileage is good as long as you don't get heavy on the gas pedal. The interior is a little stark but functional. I must admit for the money the vehicle is road worthy and I am happy with my choice.
I drive a 100 miles a day to and from work. So far I have only 1400 miles on my R/T but I love this car. The performance and looks makes driving fun again. It's comfortable and very driver friendly. 
This car certainly is an eye catcher which is why it sits in my driveway. My RT is black with chrome wheels and the spoiler. Lots of little goodies like the heat and cool cup holder, tire pressure monitor, fuel mileage monitor, remote start, autodim mirror with home link, Sirius satellite, and a few other things.
Well I just bought my car on the 21st of March of 2007, and in the short time I have had it I love my new car, The 4 CDR engine is extremely snappy and the acceleration is incredible. The ride and the mostly sound proof cab makes highway noise barely noticable and an outstanding ride. I highly recomend it for anybody.
I bought a Dodge Avenger from online photos and I must admit, I did not go crazy when I first saw it. However, when I drove this car I really fell in love with it. It handles really well, and I have the power to pass and go when I need it no problem. I also like the extra elecrical outlets and cup holders, the fold down seats and the huge trunk on a good sized car. Not too big, not too small. Just right. The price is fabulous I dare anyone to compare this car with anything in its size on the road today. 
Have had my Avenger for 18 months and really like the car but for two issues. The vision is terrible, rear and side vision is hazardous, especially on busy highways and around town. The RT head rests blocks any hope of seeing what is just behind you or beside you. Also every time you lift the trunk lid when it is raining all the water pours into the trunk, no it is not just an alignment issue some one get this design wrong. I have contacted Dodge and they have no excuse.
When I first purchased the car I thought it was wonderful. But now I cant wait to trade it off. There have been numerous recalls, and now the electronic Throttle control is having issues. The front seats are very uncomfortable, I cannot imagine a larger person sitting in them, the blind spots...No you do not get use to them. There are some good points, smooth to drive and roomy and does have pick up and go. Interior is plastic, hard to clean and difficult to get things that have dropped between the seats. A new vehicle will be in my future very soon.
I've owned my 2008 avenger for 9 months now and I have not had a problem with her. In fact, the avenger is such a looker, I've actually had several strangers stop and compliment the car. How fun is that? 
I love my Avenger. 4 cylinder isn't going to grab much attention but moves car with the rest of traffic. Engine design is joint venture with hyundai and mitsubishi, seems to be very reliable. Ride is qiuet and comfortble. 300 mile road trip first weekend family of 4 fit perfectly. Rear armrest with cup holder was big hit. Yes fabric is comfortable and cleans up well. I love the exterior design and sirius radio is very nice for traveling. Fold down split rear seats come in handy on a weekly basis. Car gets all around fuel economy 28 mpg mixed hwy cty driving. 30 mpg is easy all hwy.
I purchased my 2008 Avenger in April 2008. I am very disappointed with it. I have 12,478 miles on it. Brakes grind, door and side pannels creek like crazy...cant find that problem to fix, Im on my 4th mygig radio(Keeps Freezing up). Sluggish tranny(4cyl). Front noises when you turn or go over a bump. AC doesnt work well, numerous blind spots, chrome plasic around shifter inside blinds driver, poorly designed trunk pours water into the trunk when wet and many many more just running out of room. PLEASE DO NOT BUY ONE.JUNK This is just the worst car I have ever owned. Back in 1997 I had a brand new avenger and loved it so I thought I would take a chance with the 2008. What a mistake. 
My Avenger is definitely a Highmilage Vehicle and I bought it specifically for the Lifetime Warranty. With the 2.7V6 I get ~27+ MPG on the Highway and 23+ City. I love the fact it looks so different then all the Accords and Camry's on the road. I LOVE the MyGig Entertainment and have more than 1,000 songs and albums downloaded with still a TON of room to go. The Chill zone is Great even though it eats up a lil room in the glove box. Besides the Glove Box is for a Owners Manual and a couple parking tickets, the rest is trash! Plenty of room for both my kids and the Stain Repel Seats have already paid for themselves. I absolutely Love my Avenger! 
Too many recalls to count. The car has stalled numuerous times, while waiting at a red light in traffic. Brake rotors and pads have been changed at 12,000 and 19,000 miles. They need to be replaced again at 27,000 miles. Paint is fading between back tires and rear passenger doors. In July 2008, dealership put on plastic film to stop the paint job from getting worse. The paint is now fading around the coating. On each side of the car, there is a 8 x 10 inch area that is light gray (versus the dark gray paint job. A terrible car for the money. Better to buy a Chevy Malibu or a Ford Fusion.
Transmission weak point on the vehicle. variable line pressure and modulated converter clutch not a good combination. car shudders during cruise has new updated converter and flash. still shudders. Check engine light on again. Fuel economy is pretty good and 4 wheel disc brakes work well. 2.7 Engine would be better with a manual transmission
I bought this vehicle with 20,000 miles on it. As a person finishing up college, I was looking for something reliable and affordable yet still stilish and interesting. Fuel consumption is amazing- I took a 300 mile trip at around 75 mph speeds and used only 1/2 tank of gas. I look for any reason to drive this car! The 4 cylinder engine isn't dissappointing- it delivers adequate acceleration and plenty of power for me. The speakers are great, love the light grey interior, and although the seats are a little uncomfortably firm, I am adjusting. This isn't a luxury car but it's reasonably priced, gets a ton of compliments, and is a pleasure to operate, plus the fuel economy is great.
I bought this car with 14,000 miles on it 8 months ago.It has ample power and plenty of interior space.It has more than it's share of blind spots and a rather cheesy interior. I like the sound system and smooth ride.But....without warning at 20,000 miles,when attempting to put the automatic transmission in gear one night after start up it would not budge.I tried everything suggested in the owners to no avail.Ended up getting towed to a dodge dealership where they somehow managed to unlock the shifter.They claimed to have replaced the shifter because it was broken which was an obvious lie.I have since learned that this "locking" shifter is a common Chrysler problem yet no recall is issued.
i bought this car back in sept 2007 never was a big chrysler fan but test drove it and loved it.. i admit the 4cyl was not to my liking so drove the 6cyl 2.7 flexfuel and fell in love. have had a few minor things wrong but all new models usually do.. plus with the lifetime powertrain warranty dont have to much worrys. as far as the flexfuel i get less mileage but more horsepower than with the 87 octain where as with that i get better mileage but less horsepower. so those of you who are car shopping i recommend this vehicle. no complaints here....
I owned a Toyota Corolla for the past 7 years and decided to buy American. Thought I'd go with a mini Charger muscle car and purchased the Avenger R/T. Goes like stink but the payoff is frequent stops at the pump. 6 speed auto stick should have been better engineered with a 5 speed. The interior comfort could be better as well as the quality and construction of materials, read cheap. Lots of great features though. Awesome sound system, creature comforts galore, powerful engine and lots of compliments from casual observers. Chrysler has something here, if they would just finish it off with a better interior grade of materials. Fun to drive. I'd give it an 8.
Poor gas millage, poor interior design, poor performance. It feels very heavy for I4 engine. Very poor handling around the corners. Seats are hard. Not comfy. door packets are so small you can not even put an envelope. Steering soft but wobbly like Lincoln towncar. 0 to 60 forever. Only good thing is the slick look, other than that no comparison 
I just logged 22K on my Avenger and haven't had any problems with it. I change my own oil, have the tires rotated and balanced and wash it every now and then. It really is a great car to drive, it doesn't have the power of the beefier 3.5L Avenger, but the 3.5l isn't getting the great gas mileage either. I consistently get about 27-29 Hwy/City per gallon. I can take a 5 hour trip (75MPH) and not have to stop for gas. The interior is a little "plastic", but it's functional and has the beverage chiller to boot! I did not opt for the sport package they offered, but I've seen others and it does add quite a bit of flair to exterior, it looks great as it sits though. Overall, it's a great car. 
We bought this avenger to travel. Using Amsoil synthetic oil we are running around 40 MPG. We love the car. Very nice sound system. Large trunk and tires larger than the competitors. Very nice design. I have been around performance cars and rebuild engines a very long time and this is a very nice car. Rated #1 in crash tests.
I have a 2008 Avenger SE with the VVT 4 cylinder and it is a fun car. Yeah the more expensive foreign cars and the luxurious Ford Fusion have more for the buck in some areas but let someone who drives one be the critic. This car?s engine and transmission is assisted by electronic computer main board like most new cars in this case the computer adjusts the engine and trans to your driving habits. I drive my Avenger on the Washington D.C. beltway where you have to get up and go. Well some folks have asked me if I had the six cylinders under the hood, my car is fun to drive, sporty, and the safest thing on the road
Alright so this car is not worth it. I have the 2.4 and it won't get out of its own way. The radio is not good if you like to turn it up and have some fun. Rear drum brakes no abs? Really in 2008? For my money you can get a more from other companies. Maybe the V6 loaded up is fun I'm sure but if you're in the market for the SE you are not going to be happy and have to look around and not just buy this car because you think it looks cool!
I bought my vehicle in July of 2007 and a month later had to bring it in because I returned to the vehicle after leaving work and discovered the driver's side door hanging wide open. When I took it to the dealer I learned that there was a recall for the latches. During this year I have taken the car to the dealer five times and had three different recalls. Most recently the belly shield fell off the bottom of the vehicle. Now that it has been replaced the car is shaking, the heat is not working and the temperature gauge is running hot so it appears I will be at the dealer once again. I regret purchasing this vehicle and would not recommend this product to anyone. 
We have owned our AWD R/T for a couple of months, and we absolutely love it. The bold styling is refreshing. We had looked at Mazda 6 and Camry, but found the styling cues old. The performance is bang on for the driving we do, the autostick works great and with so many features and comforts we are anxious to find a reason to drive it. While it's a far cry from previous R/T's I have owned (70's), it's still an exciting car to drive in its own right. Quiet and well mannered day to day, it has great acceleration when prompted with a sweet exhaust note. The Nav system and MyGig is great, bells and whistles galore...Love it, my only problem is getting my wife to give it up
This car has help up great after one year. I was very hesitant buying an American car. My last vehicle was a Chevy S-10 that was a piece of crap. I swore I would never buy another American car again, until I rented the Dodge Avenger on a trip. Interior: Despite all of the reviews, the interior is very nice and has held up with no squeaks or creaks. There could be a little padding on the arm rest and center console, but otherwise very nice. Engine/Drivetrain: The weak point in this whole car is the 4 speed transmission, it has quite a lag in shift points. The 6 speed offered in the R/T is much, much better. Rear drum brakes, really. I thought these had died out. 
I have always been a Toyota driver. I had a Dodge Dakota quad cab and fell in love with Dodge. Traded it off for the Avenger. Best trade I ever made. Hopefully it will be as reliable as my Toyotas were. Love the cooler zone. Love the beefy look of the front end.
I love my 2008 Avenger SXT! It's just a fun car to drive. Going from a Dodge Ram to an Avenger is a big difference, but the car makes the change very easy. I wish I had a longer commute to work so I could experience more of the car and what it can do. The MyGig entertainment system is a must! If you are going to get the SXT model get it with the sports appearance package; the fog lamps and rear spoiler makes the car look even more aggressive and more appealing. It rides very smooth and has more power and pick-up than I anticipatied! Everyone that has taken a ride in it loves it as well. A great car for a great price!
We bought the Avenger when we turned in our lease on a Dodge Caravan. My wife loves the Avenger. She is getting 24 miles per gallon (true city driving). You feel like you are sitting up high. You do sacrifice that performance feel at the start, but the city mileage out weighs the strong "pedal" feel. Nice size car for our family of five. Handling and acceleration is "soft" compared to my Mazda 6. So far we are very satisfied with the Avenger!
I went with the 2.7 V6 with the 18" premium wheels and with the Inferno Red color. It is as sharp as can be. It does great in town and super-great on long trips. Really like the Sirius radio and for a standard stero with 6- speakers it sounds supreme. Being 6'2" the leg room is outstanding. The best part though is the body styling, nice and manly, not wimpy like the Camry.
I have never been so disappointed in a vehicle in all my life. I purchased this to get rid of my GAS GUZZLING Durango. Went with another Dodge because they gave me a better trade value, but boy the joke was on me. This car is built DIRT CHEAP. I've had it just over a year and thus far the following has gone bad and had to be replaced: Fuel Pump, Steering Pump,Valve, Half-Shaft, Water Pump, Gasket. And with all this, problems persist, but unfortunately, warranty has ended.
I love this car, and it handles so well. I have put 9000 miles on it as I work for the state and travel a good bit. It can handle any traffic conditions and very good gas mileage. I actually get more than the stats that were stated when I bought it. The cooler thing is not what I thought it would be but the satellite radio has spoiled this ole gal's music experience, I can never be without it again. And the spoiler and moonroof makes me feel younger. Not! But hey, nice car.
i too have the chatter in the transmission. they did a flash and that didn't help (there is a flash update for the auto stick). then they say they can't find the problem or replicate the problem. then i finally get a tech to ride with me and as soon as we leave the lot it shift from 1-4 before i get to 30 mph and shakes the crap out of the whole car. then they replaced the torque converter. much better but can still feel something wrong. i almost guarantee it's the torque converter. 
Just bought a 2008 Avenger R/T with all the bells and whistles except the rear seat DVD thing. A little history first: I'm 61 my wife is 59. We test drove lots of vehicles. After lots of Internet searching and dealer quotes. We settled on the Avenger (SXT 4cyl). Liked the styling, options etc, drove it for a weekend. Power didn't make the grade (pardon the pun) for us. Went back to dealer, road tested the Avenger R/T and WOW! Hot damn! Now that's what I'm talking about. After the usual haggling etc. we got a great price (and trade in) on a Stone White 3.5 HO V6. Have driven it for four days now and I LOVE THIS CAR! and I've had many in my life. 
I have to say that the styling on the new Avenger blows me away every time I look at It.It looks like a mini Charger and for the price of a base Charger Mine is almost fully loaded. My main problem has been with the nav/radio.This is the third time my car has been in the shop in three months.I am on my second Nav/radio and still have problems.The radio does not respond, or turns off while driving or there is no volume. I also noticed my daytime lights go out when I signal. The ugly has to be the light colored sun visors and roof.I can see the sun visors getting dirty and they must be cleaned often.The front headrests need to be redesigned.
I have had my 08 Tor Red Avenger SXT for a couple of months now and love it. If you are looking for a performance car, this is not for you. If you want stylish, economical transportation that turns heads, take a look at this car. It won't disappoint. Seating for me is very comfortable (5'6"), fits the curve of my back just right. Mygig radio is a nice system, though I am disappointed as I thought I could load my iPod onto it and can't because it doesn't read the mP4 format. You can use the aux input to play your iPod through the system though. If I had known that, I'd of stuck with the regular radio as I find myself having to look at the radio to change stations which is distracting.
I've owned a truck for the last 30 years and never thought I would own a car again. The Avenger changed my mind! The exterior definitely turns heads when you're driving down the road. The interior is surprisingly roomy, and trunk space is great. The blue dashboard glow is very soothing, and the instrument panel is laid out nicely. There are, however, three things that I would personally change in the interior, and they are: add an overhead compartment for sunglasses, raise the center console a bit higher for a more comfortable armrest, and flatten the headrest a bit so it doesn't feel like your head is being pushed forward. The headrest was an easy fix for me by turning it around.
I absolutely love my new Avenger SXT. It replaced a 2008 Hyundai Sonata that was wrecked while on vacation. I noticed a huge difference in mileage, gas, and comfort. This car has it all for someone who seeks comfort and performance. I recommend this car to anyone who is considering purchasing one. Very affordable, and fun to drive. I love this car more than any other car that I've ever owned, and it's worth every penny I spent on it.
After owning my Dodge Avenger R/T AWD for only 1076 miles (no payments made yet!) my transmission has begun shifting way to early causing a tranny chatter. For example between 40 and 50 miles an hour the transmission has already shifted into 6th gear. Grrr. Instead of down-shifting the tranny "chatters" and shakes. I truly love the car and hope the dealership can repair it quickly without problems. Waited my whole life to buy "new" and it's going into the shop before the first payment is due! 
I just recently bought this car...and loved it from the start. Test drove it 3x's before I bought it. The first reason was the style and the second was the AWD option, plus this car is loaded unlike some others I looked at. I agree maybe the console material could be better, but other than that I have no complaints. I get so many comments on this car, better than I ever did on the 05 Mustang I owned, though I don't get the great gas mileage my 07 Sonota did, but it's not terrible.
Fun to drive, handles well, very responsive, but the noisiest vehicle I have owned; engine has a slight whistle and it rattles over small bumps. Maybe that is why it comes with six Boston Acoustic speakers. Second chance: I would rather wait for the Challenger to be introduced with the 3.5 HO engine, it having a wider stance should ride more comfortably. 
Ordered from factory, picked up in late January 08. Was working then avg 250 miles per week, job 22 highway (mostly)miles distant. Probably 90% HW driving and got 31.+ mpg sometimes 32.+. Came from a 2002 Chrysler 300M, big 6 to this 4 cyl. It does just fine. Good road handling and quiet at 70. A bit stiffer than the 300M, but that was expected. I really like the car and the several options I got with it.
I bought this last Oct (2.7 v6) despite the bad reviews and have not regretted it. I'm not sure why it gets ripped. I just got back from a 2000 mi vacation expecting the wheels to fall off at anytime and I never had 1 issue. What I did get was a smooth ride and great fuel economy. The only time this has been in the shop has been for 3 recalls and the front passenger door needed adjusted. I agree with the plastic interior comments but I knew that when I got it.
I've had the car for a few months now and it's been a good experience so far. I've had friends drive it and not believe it was a 4 cylinder. Great gas mileage and turn radius. I'm 6ft and 285lbs and I fit comfortably. However, the door roof is a bit low - I can easily bang my head getting into the car if I'm not careful. There's also this weird thing that happened twice. When I'm doing a K Turn, if I take the car out of reverse and into drive to quickly the car shuts off. I know, it's a quirky issue and I know it's not a high performance car but my 1982 Gremlin never had that problem (-:
Love the looks, interior, exterior, handling, fuel economy, and the MyGig is a must have. Chill Zone Drink Cooler, Safety features and rear seat leg room are all well over normal expectations.
I spent six months researching and comparing the R/T before I ordered mine. I waited until all of the 2008 models came out from other manufacturers and didn't like any of them better than the Avenger. The looks, the style, and the HP sold me. I have no regrets with my purchase.
I just bought this car brand new excellent performance, ride, and comfort and nicely priced for a brand new car. You will not be disappointed.
This car is unbelievably bad. Steering wheel is hard to get under when getting in even when in its highest position, the low top of the side-window area is easy to hit your head on when you get in and out, the cup holders are in a lousy position and too far behind the driver, the visors are in the way even in their highest position, the seats are uncomfortable, and the locks make an obnoxiously loud noise when they self-lock after a minute or so when driving. These are just first impressions since I probably haven't had time to find the things really wrong with the car. I have recently rented Ford Fusions and Chev Malibu's which were much better (I own a Lexus GS, but am not comparing it).
I just took delivery of a fleet Avenger -its got the 2.7 liter V6. This car has plenty of power. Don't believe the car reviews. It's quiet, smooth,looks like nothing else on the road. The style is quirky, but grows on you. I haven't had it long, I have owned two Sebrings before and NEVER had a problem with them. The Avenger surprises me with its extras- outside temp gauge, tire pressure warning, power adj driver seat, 4 wheel disc brakes, and Sirius radio. And the price was unbeatable. Way more room inside than the new Malibu. If I could have, would have picked the SXT If you want to buy American- this car is hard to beat. Why do car mags always give these vehicles a bum rap?
The experience with this vehicle that I have had is that it doesn't have that much power and it needs to come with 17 inch wheels.
I have an R/t 08 fully loaded.The car has been back to the dealer 4 times for excessive thumping and rattling in rear of vehicle.So far they have replaced the rear shocks and mounts twice.Still having same problem.The gas mileage is awful (16 mpg). Since owning the vehicle it has been in for service 7 times including 3 for recalls, and 1 time it was towed in because the computer went crazy and the car would not shift into gears properly. I bought the car brand new. I have had in for about 1 year, it only has 8,000 miles on it, and I can not wait to get rid of it. I do not want to be all negative the car does have some good qualities, but not enough to want to keep the car.
Just got back from a 10 day 4,000 mi vacation. I could not be any happier, other than a little softer seats, but it is a sport ride suspension. In dash mpg usually a little high (1-2 mpg) but I want to say this, I drove this on the interstate at speeds around 85-90 mph and through the Rockies and I never got less than 25 mpg in the mountains (with plenty of power) 27-30 on the hwy. The c-pillar blind spot is a little bad also but I knew about that before I ordered this car. I plan on having this for a long time so after working for gm for 17 yrs. I will take the plastic over the vinyl, cloth or leather that either shrinks, gets stained, torn, falls apart or has to be maintained w/special cleaners.
I've had this car for a week now and am pretty amazed at how great it is. MyGIG is fantastic. Fuel Econ. is good. Interior is very nice. Driver seat sits a bit too high for 6'2" person even at its lowest position. Drives extremely smooth. Plenty of room in rear seat. After reading some of the other reviews I was surprised that the 4cyl. had pretty good acceleration, the trans. shifted fine and the engine noise was normal. Be wary of some reviews. Try it out for yourself before taking other peoples word. A lot of people have pretty crazy expectations which nothing will meet.
I have had this car for about 3000 miles now. I love it. The 3.5 HO V-6 is great. It has fast take off speed. I can take 90 degree corners at almost 50 mph. The leather is comfortable, the interior led lights look nice. So far I don't like my mpg, but I am still beating on the car. I average 27mpg with cruise on the free-way. It city is where I need the help. I am a little hard on it, so I am getting close to 11mpg. I will lighten up in time. So far everything is well up to my expectations. I have the RT loaded except for the navigation. Very pleased with this car.
I bought my Avenger a month a go and LOVE it. It has V6 and lots of power, the interior is well designed, it rides great has 18 inch tires, sport suspension. Very sporty looking handles well hugs the road.
I bought this car for my son and myself to drive. It's been a great car and gets great mileage. We bought the 4 cylinder and am totally happy so far. We have around 10,000 miles on it now and it gets right at 30 miles a gallon which you have to love! We get lots of looks because its sporty and its Sunburst Pearl Orange. What a beautiful car! For the money it is a fun, economical car. 
My dad just recently purchased my avenger for me as a first car. I love to drive it. Its so comfortable and has great power to be a four cylinder. The features are great. The avenger has a mini fridge option in the dash. I have it and it is operational. I love this car! It has great steering and its economical too. If you are looking for a small, economical, but comfortable car the Dodge avenger would be a great consideration!
I can't believe how critical everyone is. Complaining about the plastic interior being to plastic, excuse me if this car doesn't have that fake Lexus plastic dash. The seats are to hard! It sounds to me you are all to old to be driving. This car blows away any Toyota I have previously owned. I bought the 2.7 V6 engine and getting 27 mpg. It rides better then a Fusion, or Camry. The interior is logically laid out and the ride is excellent. The Dodge 4- speed tranny shifts great. 100% better the Toyota 4-speed tranny which constantly mis-shifts. The price with all the options blows away the competitors, the lifetime warranty may have some uncertainties but what the hell its better then just 3-yr
Excellent vehicle overall. The ride is firmer, but with very good acceleration above 4k RPM. Adjusting the steering wheel more vertically "hides" the top 3/4 of the speedometer which is inconvenient. Tends to shift/downshift somewhat hard in lower gears below 2k RPM. Trunk lid opens heavy, but is fairly roomy for a mid-width "sporty" car. Leather trimmed seats will stretch where you sit and eventually crack in the "non" leather seat material (if not treated). Maintains 21-24 MPG with shared city/highway driving. Headrests VERY uncomfortable as they angle toward the occupant with no tilt-adjustment - forcing driver to nod, making longer journeys hard on the middle back (unless you lean WAY back)
STX V6. Seriously, could there be a cheaper car built that claims quality? The interior is all plastic and screams cheesy. Tranny chirps when decelerating and chugs on low rpm. Dealer said this was normal. NORMAL! Was raining when I bought it used. Salesman said nothing wrong with it. There were scratches all over the trunk deck and a big scratch in the bumper. Dirty inside. He said it would be detailed. Got it back with deodorant dumped under floor mats. Not cleaned. Seats are hard as a rock. When I emailed customer service because I couldn't get satisfaction from dealer all I received was an automated response. I hate this car! 
I bought my Avenger a few weeks ago. I have a Durango and the mileage and fuel costs were hurting me. I kept my Durango because I love my truck and bought the Avenger for work during the week because of the mileage factor. This is a great car that is giving me an average of 28.9 miles a gallon. I would recommend this car to anybody, especially if you are looking for fuel economy with gas prices heading towards 4.00 dollars + a gallon. I'm a Chrysler guy and this is worth the investment. 
I just wanted to let people know if your looking to save on your gas bill I've been getting about 28 miles a gallon. I live 12 miles from my job and it's been great. My husband's a big guy and likes the car also. 
Upgraded from a Dodge Caliber to an Avenger RT 08. I needed more trunk space for my golf clubs and other items that the caliber could not help me with. I love the 235 horsepower (feels like more) and the way it feels around the turns. It looks good, it feels good, it drives good. I am in love again after 40. If you want fun, try driving one. I love the satellite radio, navigational system and the blue tooth. I gives you what it promises. Some might complaint about the MPG, but they forget, it is a V6 mean machine. 
I just bought my avenger 2 weeks ago. I love this car. I average about 22-23 miles to the gallon - all in town. My car had 10,000 miles on it when I bought it. I love the sporty look. I wanted a new car, but couldn't find anything at all I liked. I have the 4 cylinder, and to me it has no problem getting up and moving. 
Born and Raised a "GM Girl", I felt almost disloyal when I purchased my Avenger SE, but BOY am I glad I did! It's a great car for money! It has a spacious interior and many extras that you wouldn't expect in a base model. Cool Zone cup holders, 2 part adjustable arm rest/storage console and a folding rear seat with rear passenger armrest, makes for enjoyable road trips. It's easy to get in & out of and has plenty of headroom, which if you have tall and/or aging loved ones, this is a HUGE plus. The exterior is probably the biggest surprise of all. Who would have thought you can get a car that looks that cool for under 20K? It certainly wouldn't have been me! 
It is fun to drive, I have been very happy with it, get lots of looks & I can't stop looking at it after I park it.
I have the SXT, 2.7 V6. This car is the biggest piece of junk I have ever owned. 3 1/2 weeks old, only put 200 miles on it. The lifters in the motor were bad. Water leaking onto floor, seat belts kept getting wet inside the door. Trunk leaking. Stereo speakers stopped working. The inside of this brand new car has all been taken apart, roof, doors, moldings, sunroof & nothing fits the same way as from the factory. This car has been back to the dealer 2-3 times every month since last June. Not enough space to list all problems. Now,the ignition switch sticks/stays in the start position (trying to start the car) BUT the car is already running, JUNK ! LEMON !!! Back to the dealer again !
I wasn't even looking for a Dodge Avenger when this one just fell into place. Took it on a test drive and fell in love. This will be a great car to drive for our summer vacation.
Got the brilliant black Dodge Avenger RT back in October. Got the MyGiG navigational system, along with the chrome rims. This car looks nice, very nice. I have nothing but high praise for this car. Looks and drives just awesome. And the lifetime powertrain warranty is unbeatable. I would reccomend this car to everyone. Thanks Dodge.
I never thought I would go back to a car after driving an SUV, but this car changed my mind. It is fun to drive, sporty and comfortable. The only downfall that I have found is that the fuel mileage is not so good in town.
I really love the body style of this car The R/T is the more sporty of the bunch with the performance and handling, which is why I chose it. The seats are amazingly comfortable I also have the heated ones so that makes for a enjoyable ride. The sunroof also adds flair to it. I'm planning on ordering the windbreaker to accent the sunroof. You really should test drive this to get the full extent of the vehicle, I honestly have no regrets on purchasing this vehicle. it rides smoothly and even more so with weight in it. I honestly have no complaints about the car it handles like a dream and I love the character it has it screams I'm Ram Tough!
I traded my 2003 Dodge Stratus R/T in for the Avenger R/T FWD. After a lot of looking for a sporty, fun, and practical car the Avenger was my best bet. I first test drove the AWD but I was disappointed by the acceleration and handling. The AWD doesn't get the performance suspension like the FWD does. The convenience package is worth the money. While the interior is semi-cheap looking everything is very functional and is quite easy to clean. The seats I find to be very comfortable, especially on long rides. Carpooling is a breeze, and the acceleration is hands down awesome for a car in this class.
The car was bought for my wife. We wanted a car that was sporty but practical, and when I had to be in it was not too "girly". We bought the r/t with every option except the dvd stuff. The car so far has been great. It handles well, rides well and is decent on gas mpg. It's quiet and roomy on inside. Four adults fit comfortably. We have both gotten speeding tickets in it, so while it's no Ferrari, it's fast enough for us!
Paint, fit and finish are excellent. The auto temperature system is one feature that we will always want in a car after driving this one. If the gas mileage was better it would be a five-star car. We'll see how it is when it gets a few thousand miles on it.
When I initially purchased this vehicle I did not care for the interior, however I kept telling myself it is for the wife! And this was her choice! interior is low grade plasics that retain dirt! sheet metal is thin! almost that of a 70's japenese import and seats are extremely uncomfortable! exterior body style is on target, resembling it's older more durable sibling the "Charger", 
Just bought the car a week ago. So far it is fantastic. Best looking mid size sedan out there. Test drove a Camry first and the Avenger is much more comfortable. Camry did not have enough head room to even make it an option for me and I'm only 6'1". After 700 miles of mostly highway/interstate driving I'm getting 29.8 mpg which is about what I expected and in my opinion this car is a great balance between power and fuel economy. Even though its a small engine it produces a very adequate 174 hp. 
After 5000 miles I can definitely say that the Avenger is a car worth buying. My R/T is sufficiently fast although not especially fuel efficient. I mean, 14 mpg is really below average (mostly city driving). Still, the car is a head turner, drives well, comes with AWD and is perfectly fine for the daily commute while still being relatively affordable. Seats have been updated (lucky for those of you who buy after July 07) and are significantly more comfortable. I recommend the car to anyone who wants to original, while still getting a good car. Reports say that the SXT and SE trims are not worth your money. The R/T is more well endorsed. Good Luck
I really love the design of this car. It's sporty and was reasonably priced. Would like to of had the RT, but that was pricey. The interior needs to be a better quality. It looks cheap. I think spoilers should not be an option, keep the car sporty. I am buying a spoiler, looks much better. Would recommend to everyone. Mileage is great, do not have to fill up at every gas station you pass. 
This is an awsome buy. It's mean look is what I liked about it the most. The awd is the worst on gas out the models to choose from. So if it snows alot where you live..or just want it for is speed get the rt awd. If not go with one of the other models. Then after adding custom peformace parts as I did this makes a great racing sleeper.
For the first few months that I had my new Avenger, I loved it. Then came the cold weather, and with it an unrepairable transmission problem. Less than 5 miles into any drive on a freeway, the RPMs shoot from the standard 2000 to 6000. And it's as though someone downshifted to first gear. It takes all the power the car has to get to the shoulder. Once restarted, the car performs fine for the rest of the trip. Leaving it with the service department won't help as they won't be able to recreate the problem. And even if they could, since the engine light doesn't come on with a transmission error, the onboard computer won't register the problem.
Drive this car along I-90 in WY. Hit a deer at 75 mph with 250 miles on the odometer and the car ran another 75 miles to get me home. Realized that all that the damage was mostly plastic and that had probably saved the structural aspects of the car. Was wearing my seatbelt and I did not get tossed foward at all, felt extremely safe. I drive this car 120 miles round trip to work and home, through the fall and now winter, good handling car, I have not had any problems driving on snow and no problems starting this car in the cold. Brakes and steering are not soft and not touchy. Decent clearance for a lower riding car, suspension is great and rougher roads/dirt roads are no problem for this car
Car handles very nice with a fairly smooth ride. Pricing is fair market value. Car is built fairly well. 
I waited until I had put a couple of thousand miles on the car before writing a review. I am very pleased with the Avenger. The two best features are the comfort and economy. The interior is very quiet, the seats are perfect, and I am getting around 28 mpg in mostly city driving. My old car was a 2003 Honda, I like the Avenger much better. It's more comfortable, quieter, accelerates better, gets better mpg, looks better, costs less, has a drink cooler in the dash! and has a better warranty. What more could you want? Be sure and check out an Avenger before you buy another car.
Well when I had the car at my insurance company to plate it (still had dealer plates). I got three comments on what type of car and how sharp it looks. The transmisson is a little bit hesitant when you punch it in low gear but it is still fast. Very fun to drive 
I am very pleased with my new Avenger SXT, The car is equipped with the standard 2.4L engine and is very economical. I gave my Avenger the ultimate test by buying it in the Motor City and driving it 2,000 miles home. With the speed control set at 65MPH, the car attained a high mileage of 39 MPG with an overall average of 36.5 MPG I was amazed at the great highway mileage. The car was quite comfortable for the trip. I am impressed with the styling. After owning a '99 Inrepid this car made a good alternative for a high mileage car. The lifetime drive train warranty is also impressive.
I was looking for an SUV and decided to check out the Dodge Nitro. Didn't like the ride at all, too hard. Noticed the Avenger on the lot and thought it looked classy. Test drove it and unexpectantly fell in love..Purchased on a whim, on the spot. Love this vehicle! 
I get giddy reading the reviews that Edmunds has for this car. Obviously 1 of 2 things. The reviewer has never actually driven the car or they don't know how to drive. This car is unbelievable! Funny I checked the curb weight and the WRX is 100 lbs heavier, guess Edmunds reviewers can't do math either. Put the Mopar stage 1 in this thing (stage 2 is now coming) and you are running over 300 ponies at the wheel with the torque (sorry ricers) to back it up! I will admit the weight distribution could use some work but nothing some basic mods won't solve. I picked mine up for under $19k, with less than $3k in mods I could walk any lancer of WRX $ for $ out their, period.
I bought a 2008 Dodge Caliber last October within a month of purchasing it I had it in the shop. The transmission is horrible. Anytime I got to stop or start it jolts and spudders like it is about to stall. Called Dodge apparently some Calibers have this problem others do not. Also they said there is no fix! Than went back to have front struts replaced and to look and trans again and again no fix! Now the problem seems to happen when in reverse. I'm really not happy with this vehicle.
I'm renting a Dodge Caliber to replace my Suzuki SX4 that is being repaired. In comparison, the Caliber has a horrible turning radius, is sluggish to start, and nearly impossible to speed up. It is extremely heavy. The Caliber also has alot of road noise. The ride is not smooth at all. I feel most every bump on the road. When I change lanes I feel the whole car jolt over instead of being smooth, like my SX4. To top it off, the blindspots are a huge problem. The windows are very small, and placed so that turning my head to check the other lanes reveals only the Caliber's interior. The nice things though are an air conditioned glove box and fancy storage between the two front seats. 
Overall this car provides good value. We picked on up used for $12k about a year ago. We haven't had any problems so far. We love the gas mileage although I tend to accelerate fast and burn more gas that way. Car has a great look from the outside. The interior color scheme is Nice, but the dash and plastics look cheap. Overall, I think its a good buy based on price.
This is my second Caliber...I have 8,950 on the clock and it is running great..It does need a little gas of the lights but once it gets going it's great.feels solid.no bodyroll in the corners.The driving view is good.except the large front pillars..you need to really check.they are quite intrusive..and do obstruct the view.i found adjusting the height in my seat to be better.The interior seems better than my 2007 model.everything is within easy reach no annoying digital readouts.easy to drive.the gearbox is good.bit slow at start but flies on motorway.good power for overtaking and the car seems solid whilst making quick maneuvers..all in all the Caliber is fun to drive.no problems
I had to give up my Suburban for a more economical vehicle and plus a lower monthly payment. Caliber was not my first choice but my only choice cuz the dealership were out of vehicles due to the clunkers for cash. I have been driving this vehicle for a few days and it is not no bad it does have room for our two kids and a nice family vehicle. 
I'm also not sure why Edmunds hates this car! I have a SXT 2.0L CVT trans - red with black & red sport seats & red around the stereo. I LOVE MY CAR!! In my opinion, & also that of those who've been in my car, the interior DOES NOT look cheap. I took this car on a small road trip to go camping the day after I took it home & it was perfect for that. The seats were comfortable on the drive, it fit everything in it that we needed, we didn't even notice any road noise with the awesome stereo on (oh & to those of you complaining about not being able to see title & names on the radio/Sirius all you have to do is press the "info" button & it shows that stuff)...all in all this is a great car
2.0 with CVT trans. Great mileage if you're light on the pedal. Up to 32 mpg on hwy at 65mph. 25-26 around town. Synthetic oil, Nitrogen in wheels at 39pds and K&N air filter. Trans is smooth! Interior is hard plastic, for which some reviews give it a bad rating. Slap a Honda logo on it and make it a box on wheels and the critics give it a 10!..Go figure. Sheet metal is a bit thin, easily dents if you try to push the door shut without using the handle. Great headlights, really covers a wide area. Comfortable seats. Like the partial reclining rear seats. Only mechanical problem was a clicking front bushing when it got wet outside. Rear brakes also need to be cleaned frequently.
Moved into Caliber from minivan and am impressed. Hard plastic interior panels make for easy cleaning after the kids. Driver seat crank makes for more customized feel. Fit of all body pieces and interior trim pieces is smooth and feels sleek. Solid thud is heard when doors close, never a question if it is or isn't shut. Slight rattle when radio is up too loud...good factory sound system! 2X trip meter and outside temp display is nice. Plenty of leg room for passenger and driver seat doesn't sit ON the floor. Easy to enter/exit because chassis rides tall. Good handling with 17" tires. I'm eager to take a road trip to test it in the long-run.
I have had this car for a year now and I must say I am pretty impressed. Although I have had a few little issues (fuel pump replaced to correct a rough idle in wet weather, front swaybar bushings and rear swaybar links replaced, some dirt in rear brakes cleaned up, fuel guage reprogrammed), overall this car is reliable, it now has 40 000 kms on it. Rides great, gets between 25-30 mpg overall driving, handles well. CVT transmission is a great setup and the 2.0 engine has planty of power. Nice sound when full throttle.
Bought a 2008 Caliber with only 18k miles on it for $10000 figured I couldnt beat it. Boy was I wrong, within 4 months it was in the dealership five times, the computer would not hold the PCM/TCM update had it done 3 times. They had to replace both front struts, lower left control arm, the multifunction switch, airbag clock sensor. The transmission has been making a noise for a while, but they will not look at it because they do not have much experience with the CVT. My rear struts started making noises. The whole car feels and sounds like it is going to fall apart with only 24k Miles on it. Will never buy another Dodge EVER. Gas mileage was about 24 combined MPG, not as good as I thought
I bought this car for my wife; she drives mainly in the city and the mileage is around 22-23. The car has the 2.0 automatic and, contrary to what Edmunds claims, it has plenty of get up an go. Hey, if I wanted something that REALLY moved, I'd spend three times the money and by a 300C with a Hemi! It is more than adequate for this vehicle class. Our car is a base model, but has many options (power everything and side airbags) keeping the price below the SXT. We love the car. I don't care how Edmunds rates it, they can keep this car a secret for all I care!
I've put 30k on my car and I loved every mile. the power and fuel economy is like having your cake and eating it too. Handling is smooth around the turns even at high speeds and ESP makes it safe in bad weather conditions. This thing stops on a dime and will launch like a rocket!
I was driving 400-500 miles per week on my Lexus and with soaring gas prices, I needed something smaller. I really liked the looks of the Caliber so on a whim I stopped at the local Dodge dealer. I ended up driving one home. I was hesitant on reliability so I opted for an extended warranty. I now have had the car for over a year and a half with 20k miles and not a squeak or rattle. Absolutely no warranty work. I could have saved the cost of the extended warranty. I average 30 mpg and have the utility value of a small station wagon, and it's very good looking. It's way beyond my expectations. Bottom line - It's small, reliable, and great as a 2nd car commuter vehicle.
OK I'll start by saying impulse buy. This was my 4th Mopar product, and sorry my last. I bought this car, and really don't know why in the end. From the plastic interior, satellite radio with no info display, to the awful road noise. I do like the Sunroof, and Yes Essential seats. The CVT seems to work well, corners OK, but in all a massive let down. I swallowed the loss and traded another vehicle off to cover some of the loss to purchase a Pontiac Torrent. Sorry this car is great if you really enjoyed the Neon I guess. Dodge has dropped quality so far, it?s just sad. I am so happy with Torrent, sorry Dodge Caliber just needs to many improvements, glorified Neon for sure. Look around first!
As a lover of my 1998 Neon R/T, I thought this was the best option I had for a replacement. This black AWD version caught my eye on the lot, and despite the auto transmission, I drove it off the lot a few hours later. And though I must admit, the car has been faithful, reliable, comfortable, with decent gas mileage, I really do not like it. It feels tippy on tight corners, and the CVT is the most horrific thing I've ever had. It feels like your tranny is slipping, and the response is very slow. I should have driven it on snow, and should have tried the autostick before. I never would have bought it. I think with smaller/different wheels and a manual transmission, I might be able to like it.
Bought a 2008 SXT manual trans with traction control/ABS, after years of being Honda customer. Last Honda (95) 245,000 mi. with original clutch! This new car with 13,000 mi. lost third gear! I am short and love seat height but the car feels more cramped than little Civic coupe. The fit and finish is sub par but lots of nooks and crannies. The car is slow, noisy and doggy for a manual trans. Love the sound system but controls are confusing, especially on steering wheel. Astounded at the depreciation after 9 months: nearly half of the value lost.
In many ways this is the best small car on the market. Wife bought one this summer. I found that it was more comfortable and fun to drive then my 2007 Audi A3 S-line (and almost as nicely appointed). So I'm trading in my Audi for one of my own.
The engine seemed pretty weak below 2000 rpm until I got a few thousand miles on it. Now at 6000, it does pretty good for such a small engine. I am a tall person and I still have to put the seat up a notch or two. I like that. Over all I find this car/wagon/whatever quite comfortable. The handling is very good with a very short turning radius. At first I thought I had made a mistake but now I am glad I bought it. The mileage could do better but, you do have to rev the engine to get the best out of it and the cruising rpm is high compared to other cars. Perhaps the 2.0 engine would have been a better choice but I am happy with this one.
having added theis 22 inch rims, i blew competition out the water fashion wise, black on chrome. if i wanted a too fast and furious on the show, i'd have a mustang in my driveway with turbo or something. I'm wheelchair bound and love the 60 40 folding seats four my wheel chair. Its room galore just like in my minivan but with tons more fun.
I retired, live, and work part-time in a mountainous area of Germany. Hell, I've got two volcanoes in MY backyard. Anyway, at THIS writing, I put 110 miles a day on the car. The AWD is wonderful! I've TRIED to drive it off the road-- the ESP-thingie just won't let you kill yourself. I'm sorry to hear you CANNOT get an ALL-WHEEL- DRIVE anymore. I drive the car at over 100 MPH, all the time. While it IS true you cannot SPIN the tires, I've had NO PROBLEMS with the car, except, once, driving around 90, I slammed the brakes on to avoid a deer. The fellow in the PASSING lane HIT it, not me. The ABS went out, but the Chrysler dealer replaced it-- asking if I'd sell HIM my little beauty: NO!
I bought a Caliber SE Plus, with 17' wheels and 215/60/17 Firestone tires and the Touring suspension. It has A/C with the Chill-Zone Glovebox chiller. I installed a K&N Air Filter and the around town mileage runs 26 mpg, while on the highway, it gets between 34 and 37 MPG. I'm coming from a 1990 Plymouth Voyager minivan with a 2.5 L 4 cylinder/ AT. The Caliber rides on a slightly longer wheelbase than the van did. It is a very nice cruiser - it rides well and gets good mileage, and looks good too. The Surf Blue Pearl paint job looks really good with the black trim and gets lots of compliments. I plan to keep this car as long as they still sell gas.
We bought a new Caliber in April 08 and had to take it back in August because 3d gear went out. Took 3 weeks to rebuild the transmission. Two days later, back to tighten bolts and plug in sensor. 2 weeks later, dropping out of 5th gear. They drove it and said nothing is wrong. Still dropping out of 5th and am now afraid to put my children in for a drive.
I'm more of a GMC/Chevy fan. And always had a negative idea about Chrysler. But i can't help but admit, I'm surprised. Mostly everything is solid. i love the stereo. It is small but doesn't feel small at all. drivers seat is pretty comfortable but the seat adjustments are awfully placed. Although i love how sporty the car looks, it looks like a chopped-top, its not good for tall people. and my biggest problem with this car: ROAD NOISE!
I love my new Caliber. It is fun to drive. I avg. 30 miles per gallon on the first 2 tanks of gas. The only neg. is the road noise you hear inside. I think the Firestone tire are very aggressive, causing the noise.
This is an update to my experience as posted on 08/21/08 by William. Shortly after getting this car I began to notice a clanking (metal slapping metal) noise, it was believed that an lower control arm was the concern, then the passenger front strut, it was replaced but still is making this clanking noise. So thirty gallons of fuel 750 miles just to the dealerships within thirty days and the problem has Not been fixed with around 2,250 miles on the car. The dealership manager tells me they have to follow a repair process for my/your protection? Today they sprayed some brake cleaner type chemical on the brakes and area. Guess what? It still didn't fix it. I think my dodge buying is over.
Have had this car for just over one month. Had a large Chrysler 300M and have been really happy and impressed with this car. Although the car is much smaller than the 300 it doesn't feel small. Mostly city driving and get 24 mpg. 17 mpg on 300. The CVT is great. I believe that complaints are from people who are not used to it. Plenty of smooth power. Premium radio with Boston acoustics is the best I have heard. Car is really functional and fun to drive. The gas savings is a great bonus and the car is great for the money. Looked at a Honda civic and felt the auto was underpowered, not smooth and felt small. This is a great bargain. Highly recommend this car. 
I just recently purchased my caliber and all I can say is this little machine is a blast to drive and gets great gas mileage to boot. Within two days of owning the car I was already up to 27 mpg. the car has great styling in my opinion as well as handles very well for a fwd car, and she gets up and moves just fine. With a few simple bolt on MOPAR performance parts the fun and fuel economy will increase. If someone asked me if I had to do it all again would I still buy the car, my answer would be yes. Great job by Chrysler with this little machine. Well thought out and built in my opinion.
At first, after driving old school automatics and sticks, the torque converter type tranny was a bit to get used to. After driving the car awhile and learning the characteristics of the tranny, I have found that I can get really good fuel mileage and the smooth transition through the powerband is really impressive. Also, where I live it's very hilly, I'm talking 8-9% grades and the power is more than adequate and going downhill the tranny almost acts like a jake brake that the big rigs have. What road noise? awd is great for traction and handling. car looks like a "mini magnum," really cool. 
This car is most impressive, I mean the most impressive from all the others I/we have driven. Toyota yaris/Ford Focus/Chevy hhr thing/and what I had owned the Chevy aveo. Overall driving experience exceeds what one would expect from a car of this size (pleasure) simply put. Here's what to expect, a little less mpg. This is reality because the calibers' overall body design and weight. (this is not a bean wagon folks), its quiet comfort ready to explore. The 2.0 L 4 cyl dual vvt has no apparent concerns if you have to rely on the old lead foot to get where you need. I am also impressed with the transmission design and functions. Over- all "very pleased"! 
This is one great car for the money! Rides and drives great with comfortable seating. I had read these reviews before purchasing and having driven and owning this vehicle, I agree that there is a good bit of road noise, but all of the small cars in this price range did as well. Real world driving all around has resulted in 26 MPG with straight HWY MPG at 28 which could be better. Another thing about some of the reviews at this site state that this car doesn't ride, drive, and handle as well as their Accord or one are Camry, nor is as quiet, the last time I checked, these cars are thousands more in price than the Caliber but none have a higher safety rating. Apples to Apples this is a great c
My 2008 Dodge Caliber SE was actually ordered by the dealership with the 2.0 L engine, CVT, and ABS upgrades. I highly recommend these upgrades. Did not come with cruise control, which was disappointing, but can be added on aftermarket, at the dealer. Fun to drive, good ride quality, roomy, and I am averaging 27 MPG for all around driving. I don't understand why some of the media reviewers blast this vehicle, as I am very pleased with its performance and versatility; especially for being in the under $20K category.
Only bought this car because we needed reliability and room for our newborn, which it excels at! Besides that the gas mileage of the 2.0l and CVT is horrible, as bad as my last v8. The CVT is very smooth, great for a sleeping baby. However, it causes a frighteningly slow throttle response time, especially noticeable when pulling out into traffic. Also has bad blind spots and makes a horrible drumming noise when you roll down a back window going any over 30 mph
Advertised mileage with the 2.0 CVT with sport stick is 31 city/39 hwy. On a 1,100km trip we used 104 litres of gas for an average of about 25 mpg and this was mostly highway. Seats 4 comfortably, but only space for 2 big suitcases. OK little car, but a gas guzzler. Struggles going up hills, feels way underpowered. 
The 2.4 L, 172 HP auto transmission does not get near the advertised mileage. Local driving averages between 17 and 18 mpg. Open road better but well under advertised 25 mpg. Quality control appears to have taken the day off when my car was assembled. The front hood and rear hatch are not centered. Roof molding is loose. 
Gas Mileage is not as promised. Road Noise Will Deafen You. Too much cheap plastic on exterior, cheap interior seating, tight interior, looks bigger than it is. Rides a bit rough and it already squeaks and leans around corners after only 30,000 miles. Rear Window design attracts and holds dirt, always looks dirty. All in all, I wish I would have kept my Suzuki XL7
Very nice car for the price. It just goes to show that economy cars don't have to be boring.
We were looking for something my 5 year old daughter would be comfortable in, in the back seat, and this filled the bill. We bought our Caliber R/T this past winter. I was worried about the tires in the snow. They did pretty good, though I am planning on snow wheels and tire for this winter. Salt and aluminum wheels don't like each other. I drove a base model with the CVT and didn't like it. So we opted for the R/T with the 2.4L with the 5 speed. I love it, so far. Average fuel mileage is 27 mpg. On the highway, should be able to hit 30 mpg. Well, maybe not. ( : I just needed a car to get around in, and we sold a '94 Eclipse, so this was a car to replace that one. 
This is a great mid-size car. It handles very well and I really like the way it corners. It handles better then I thought it would. I know that I gave up some mileage, but it has good power and the AWD will be for the winter weather here in Missouri. The transmission takes a little getting used to. It has a slight delay in pickup speed when you floor it, but it has a very smooth transfer up to speed. The cab forward is a little hard to get used to. Also, the way the front end slopes down makes is a little tough project where the front corners are until you driven it a while. Mostly made in USA. Foreign cars in this price range feel cheap. This car has a big car feel. 
This is a great family vehicle. Reliable, comfortable, safe, and economical. The gas mileage is great and it handles well. Highly recommend the 2008 Dodge Caliber.
We were looking for a vehicle that has great mpg for our youngest son to go to college-At this time he is driving a 2004 Dodge Ram Quad Cab 4X4 and his sister drives a 2005 Dodge Ram-we checked out the Scion, the Smartfor2, the KiaRio5 and many others, test drove and checked the prices. Today, we bought a Brilliant Black SXT, many options, he is so on cloud nine and very pleased and happy. He fits in it and going to college on football scholarship, he thinks it is a very cool vehicle, good on the mpg and it fits what he needs. My husband also drove it, I sat in it. I liked all the amenities and wouldn't have bought it if we didn't think it was a great buy. And 5 star crash rating!! Go Caliber!
Bought this vehicle to replace a guzzling ram. My price out the door with tax was $14,700 plus $2.99 gas offer. Although only a $750 rebate is mentioned, the dealer magically pulled an additional $1000 worth of bonus cash out of the air. I am an employee, so I know they were just knocking this off of MSRP. I am not sure why the vehicle gets such nasty reviews. PROS: Roomy, looks ok, good value (read: cheap), more cargo space than I thought. Rides and handles nice. CONS: The 1.8 L is a little weak and the manual is a little stiff. I am not sure why a vehicle this size and with this engine gets only 28 mpg.. should get 35 mpg! Chill zone is kinda lame, doesn't really work. 
I just traded in my 04 neon srt4 for the 08 caliber srt4. I loved my neon, did plenty of work to it, but it had to finally go. Lots of mileage and much needed extra room for a new baby made me do it. To me and most owners, the srt4 neon is an icon and I did not think srt could do the same for the caliber. I was pleasantly surprised. Sure, I'm not going to take the new car road-racing or autocrossing like I did with the neon because of its size. But I'm looking forward to surprising the same owners of $30,000+ cars while the stare at my rear end, as they did with my neon while at the strip. 
I purchased the srt4 as a daily commuter to replace my 05 civic. To my surprise the first trip I took in it I averaged 38 mpg. and I have a combined average of 26 mpg. I don't have anything negative other than the town I live in only have 91 octane. I would recommend this car to anyone looking for performance and economy if you can use both words in the same sentence.
I have only had my caliber a short time (1 week) but i love it. Driving it is great.
Drove a rental for a weekend and fell in love with the red insert seats and chill zone. Ride is very good on the highway and cvt2 trans is not as bad as some of the other people said and the road noise is there but is not bad. Overall a good car
If you're like me, you may have dumped your gas guzzler, and find 24-30+ mpg a breath of fresh air. Dropping 1700 lbs comes at a price, I. E. Hard plastic interior, less room, but, compared to other compacts (Versa, Civic), it feels big. How many 6,3" guys can fit in a compact car with a moonroof? Bigger car feel, very comfortable seats, and doesn't look like an "economy" car. Zipping around town, the CVT is very accommodating and with a lifetime powertrain warranty, it's a no-brainer. 700 miles on the car and getting 24.5 city/30 highway (real #'s), driving the speed limit, with k&n air filter. CVT trans actually slows you down more with your foot off the gas, almost like a manual trans.
Wow, I can't believe how much power and performance for the price. I traded in my wifes 07 Caliber R/T AWD for our 08 SRT4. We just wanted a stick and I can't believe what a great car we got. fantastic power, great handling and comfortable. Wish all cars had this power and performance! Just might have to get myself one now! Yup I'll take red.
I took delivery of my 2008 Caliber SXT on 5/24/08 - I ordered it as it was the only way for me to get the 1.8L/5- Sp Manual configuration. The black paint is awesome! I love the car. Ride and handling are great - the 17" wheel/tire combo works well. The manual tranny allows me a great range of driving styles and the 1.8 L I4 has plenty of power as far as I'm concerned. The seats are comfortable and the rear legroom is more than satisfactory. Fit and finish are tops and the car is absolutely solid all the way around. I have no complaints about build materials - it's all top notch! Chicks dig it too.
I was looking to trade my Truck for a fuel efficient car, but I did not want to pay a lot, nor did I want to have an ugly car, so I was pleasantly surprised with the sporty look of my Caliber SE Plus. In Addition it is getting great gas Mileage, I am averaging around 28 to 30 miles per gallon. I strongly recommend this car if you are looking to save money with out sacrificing a fun ride.
1st off they don't have the right engine listed. I have the SXT Sport 2.0-Liter 4-Cylinder DOHC 16-Valve Dual VVT Engine. And I like the zip it has. I picked this up on May 17th after a week search to find the right color and options. I have the Sunburst Orange with matching colored seat inserts and dash. Also have a sunroof. I have a bad back and the front seats are great, very comfortable. Lots of room in front and back. Just as much cargo space as my Jeep Liberty had. I really love this car even thought I have taken some abuse by co-workers for getting the orange color. HAHA
I purchased, much to my present chagrin, a 2008 Dodge Caliber SXT. And I must say, I hate it. I bought it because I got it cheap and needed to get out of my 97 Tahoe, but I'd of rather bought a used Gremlin now. First off: no anti lock brakes, thats an optional extra. But you do get a chintzy glove box that cools drinks (when the AC is on) and illuminated cup holders. Really? That's my consolation, I get an icebox in a car and some lights instead of anti-lock brakes? Second: the engine and transmission fail me all the time. Apparently some former SUV owners like them here on the reviews, but real car people are used to better than this. The engine has no drive, and the transmission whine...
Back in January I purchased a used 2007 sxt with 36,000 km. Three weeks later I had an accident and it was written off. I received a payout from insurance and then decided to go new. I was not really happy with the cvt trans so I went to manual. My new 2008 is the best vehicle I have owned ever. Having driven a 98 std neon for 10 years it's a dream compared to that little car. I would highly recommend that standard trans Caliber. The mileage improvement over the 2007 is much better. I just love the 2008 totally .
I have owned this car for less than 5 months. I would have to say that it is reliable for a now considering that I just drive to and from work. Recently, I had to take it in for the interior shaking and at 2500 rpms it sounds like it is going to blow. Poor blind spots. Very roomy though. 
I bought an 08 Dodge caliber sept. 07 and ever since it's been nothing but trouble! I have had shorts in my speakers and problems starting the car, it's been in the shop several times for this problem and now Dodge is avoiding me because they don't want to deal with the problems they sold to me. Is there anyone else having this problem or any suggestions on what to do I'm so frustrated and don't know what to do anymore! If you're looking to get a caliber they're nice but I strongly recommend you do not get one and look into something else
I just bought my 2008 Dodge Caliber April 28,2008 and I will tell you this car is the smoothest car I have ever driven in. Seating is very comfortable I drove 40 miles and my gas needle didn't budge at all wow! This car is great very roomy in the front kind of tight in the back but hey I'm happy with it though.
This car is ok for a daily commuter car or first car for a new driver. It's poky to say the least, and the CVT is probably the worst drivetrain combo. It will rev to 3-4k and feel like you're crawling to cruising speed. Just don't plan on spinning the 18" tires anytime. The interior is cheap and hard. Extremely hard plastic is everywhere, but the car remains quiet so far. The radio and air work well, but the air cabin cleaner does little if anything noticeable. One major problem is the styling on the exterior, trying to keep it clean. The fender flares look aggressive but do little more than make the doors a magnet for road tar, grime, and rock nicks. Good car with a great warrant
I like my caliber very much. Lots of room in the front, back has as much room as larger cars. Firm secure ride-- takes bumps well, seats are comfortable, and sit high. great gas mileage, good pick-up. Would buy this car again-no problem.
I read the reviews AFTER I decided to buy the R/T AWD. I love my Caliber. It has a lot of zip, is extremely comfortable, and I enjoy driving it. I traded my second vehicle, a Corvette, in on this economical one. I average 23-25 around town and 24-25 on the highway. I have the Pebble/Sand interior and Inferno Red ext, with sun roof, Boston sound and Sirius. For about $21k, I am impressed! Adding the upgrades and going to the 2.4L AWD probably made a big difference on the other ratings. The lifetime warranty on the drivetrain is also a big plus. I'm still learning about the car. Oh, the back seat is larger than my Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo!!
We looked at several hatchback models, and for the price, none can compare. VERY SATISFIED!!!
I originally drove a Mazda 3i Touring and then I test drove an 08' HHR. My Mazda was a light car and the HHR had no oomph. We by chance test drove the Caliber and fell in love with this car. The dealership gave me an excellent trade deal and they also gave my girlfriend and awesome trade on her car. So we bought to. The actually got the SE PLUS version. Power everything, Keyless entry, 17" rims and much much more. Overall this car handles great and I don't have any blind spots with this car. Though other reviews said they had blinds pots. The motor is great because you don't feel it shift. We love our Calibers.
The caliber is a fun car to drive. I'm still getting used to the CVT instead of a transmission. The body style really impresses me, it's like a wannabe Magnum on a Geo budget. So far I'm well pleased with the decision to buy it. Like a lot of people have said, it is loud on the road. Dodge would do well to correct that fault. I highly recommend the caliber to small families and commuters, a lot of value for the price.
We did the internet search and looked at every make and model out there. I drive 100 miles to and home from work everyday. I wanted something that made me feel safe and could handle the weather and make the drive itself fun. This was the first car we test drove. And it was the one we compared everything else against. We got ours in Sunburst Orange. It drives like a dream. Be careful on the highway. Ours rides so smoothly you do not realize how fast your really going. I don't mind the interior... Plastic? My '94 Shadow had more... It held up and didn't crack. (This is the replacement for the Shadow) I hope this car lasts as long!
I was looking for a small economical, fast, good looking car. I read about it on magazines and saw it @ the LA Auto Show, I felt like I already owned one before I bought one. It was exactly what I hoped for the first time I drove it. For a little 4 banger it's really fast, the 5th day I had it I was waiting at a red light, next to me was a mustang cobra...Yup a cobra! Guess who won by 5 whole cars, YUP ME! left the mustang smoking... NO LIE! you can see the video on U tube.
My wife and I test drove a number of vehicles. For the money, gas, and all around quality of a vehicle Dodge was hands down the best. The Caliber was the only one that my wife really responded to as far as the looks and design. While she test drove this one and many other calibers she could find no complaints. I have no idea what the future brings for this car but Dodge obviously does because they have a lifetime powertrain warranty. These reviews are very helpful, but please just try one for yourself. Not only fuel efficient but all around affordable. Thank you.
I purchased my 08 Caliber in Feb. loving it so far! It's so much fun to drive, and people are constantly taking second looks. I don't see that many on the road. It fits our family of three perfectly. I wish that the cruise control was lighted when the lights come on. 
This car was great to drive, comfortable and affordable. No one wanted to test the crash test rating, but we did. We were rear-ended on the freeway going very fast. I think the car did a great job absorbing the impact and the fact that my husband, my dog and myself are still around is the testimony.
I purchased a Caliber RT AWD 5 months ago and I really enjoy this mid car. It rides great, AWD and ESP are awesome, it's perfect for Quebec winter conditions. The Caliber is fun to drive, specially in snow.
Not sure why so many national reviewers are giving this vehicle so much grief. I have the RT with the 2.4L 5spd Manual. Coming from a V6 SUV, I think this car has a lot of pep. Love the color options, my model is Black ext with black and red accents interior. Very roomy in the front. Although, I wish they narrowed steering column. Having short legs I have to be a little closer to the steering wheel. My legs scrape getting in and out. 
Just purchased it and I absolutely love it. I love the chilled compartment for your drinks and the gas mileage is great. I got the burnt orange color and I love it. Great car
I've only had my black metallic 1.8L SXT for a month, but it's been extraordinary even compared to all my other vehicles, and my last vehicle was a Cadillac. It's utilitarian and tough, solid, quiet, comfortable, and I'm having no problem getting around in the Wyoming winter at 7,000 feet. Great ground clearance. The pedals and stick are right where I need them (I ordered the manual). I get 31 mpg on the highway and around 26 in town, and it has no problem starting when it's 20 below zero. I hoped for a lot out of this vehicle, and it's surpassed everything I expected, especially for the price. Kicks the Matrix, Mazda 3 and Vibe to the curb on value and style, and performs equally well.
I bought my '08 Caliber after totaling my '07 Caliber in a deer collision. the deer actually got hit into me from a vehicle going the other way and it caused quite a bit of damage (airbags and all), nobody was hurt though. I liked my '07 so I went to the dealer and bought an '08 for about 500 dollars more. I couldn't be happier. What I lost in gas mileage (approx 5mph) I gained in comfort and ride. The 08's come with dark grey interiors which are much easier to keep clean. The 6 speed auto transmission is alot quieter. The whole car seems smoother and stabler on the road. It cruises smoothly and quiet. It handles the snow with no problems. Gas mileage was 27mph on my last tank. Great car!
It's a great little family car and is astounding in the snow. I owned a Ford Escape 4x4 before this car and it can't even begin to compare to this cars ability to manuver and maintain traction
I recently perchased a Caliber SRT-4 and after the 1st 300 milies I am still amazed that Dodge is selling this car so cheap. Engine/trans are as good or beter than drive systems in $40K+ cars. Inside there is a bit too much plastic. Some kind of wood dash kit would fix this, even if it was after market. The ride is firm and confident but not not to harsh at highway crusing speed. The steering wheel mounted radio controls are nice, (standard) the speedomiter takes getting used to, as it is somewhat small. Bottom line: $35K+ car perfomance engine/ drive train/suspention, $15K car interior for just over $20k. A best buy for some who wants a Zcar/M3 range track times for under 25K
This mid sized car is awsome to drive. Looks great and rides great. The R/T awd is the way to go when you're going somewhere. Had many,many compliments on the color, factory ad ons, great car
My first new car since my 98 Grand Caravan. This car impressed me right from the test drive. The reviews mention a slow response of the CVT. Hogwash,the 2.0L w/CVT moves like a jack rabbit. My previous Mopars had lousy headlights, backup lights, and brakes. All are improved on this car. I can finally see the road on a rainy night. The SXT model is nicely equipped. Great car to take back and forth to work everyday. Very comfortable.
We just got this car last weekend. We looked at a bunch of different cars. It impressed us with the room and comfort it offered. Plenty of power and rides great. Fuel mileage is very impressive.
Traded a V8 Jeep Grand Cherokee. My wife and I could not be happier at this point. The car has a lot to offer for the price. It handles well and gets 25 to 26 honest mpg. at 78 to 80 mph (checked 3 times). At 70 it gets 30 plus mpg. Around town it gets 25 mpg. It needs more pick up from 0 to 40 but it can cruise along at 90. I suggest a 2.4 that gets 185 horses - but still gets good milleage. This is the first 4 cylinder I have ever had. I'm impressed. Sunroof and other options are really enjoyable. Inside is "plasticy," but the price is right. It handles better in high winds and over rail road tracks at higher speeds than my friends 4cyl camry.
I have to say I have driven muscle cars all my life. Never has there been a time I have driven a car that is powerful, comfortable, reliable and such a social stigma around all walks of the general population. I believe it lets many of us older boomers relieve our young adult childhood. The new Challenger SRT8 is everything I could ask for and then some. I never got 20 miles to the gallon on the hiway with my old 1970 Cuda and I must say there is no way to measure the comfort and reliabilty comparing the two. If you have a chance to even test drive an SRT8, Just Do It!!!!!!!!!!
I've always owned american muscle cars and this is hands down the best I've ever experienced. Perfect combination of classic styling with 21st century performance & features. I can't even stop for gas without having someone come over and drool on it for 5 minutes. I give fuel economy a 10 because it gets as good or better than I expect. I didn't buy it to get 20mpg! If it gets 10mpg, I'm happy (I'm getting about 16 or so average). And who cares if anyone is comfortable in the back seat, this is a 2 seater! The back seat is for your jacket or dog. Rides like its on rails, I've gotten the lateral g-meter up to .75 on an offramp so far and that's not even trying hard. Dodge hit a homer! 
Chrysler did this one right! Gut wrenching acceleration, comfort, conveyance, looks, style, value and uniqueness! All BMW's, Porches and Mercedes look basically the same. None have the pizazz of the Challenger. Hand stitched leather and a painted orange engine block to name a few. It's also usable; I drive it to work everyday, moved my daughter to college (the back seats fold down opening into the truck) and go out to dinner. After that, I leave 99% of cars in the dust in a cloud of white smoke. It's like Clark Kent turning into Superman! 
Although it has a lot of muscle power it can't breathe at 5300 feet where I live in New Mexico. No dome light. Built in cup holders don't fit any known cups. Seats are nice but built for large people. Steering wheel design stinks because the spokes are located right where you rest your fingers around the wheel. Steering wheel is adjustable but does not go down low enough for a 5'6" person to sit low and still see over the wheel. No spare tire. Doors don't want to stay open when exiting. Can't keep the wheels clean because of the brake dust. Needs stickier tires because the rear end swings around too easily. Tranny not user friendly.
I've probably owned a 100 cars. This one has made me the happiest. I don't know whay the sticker fuel economy is listed so low as I get over 20mpg. Sure some auto mags say it's too heavy, too big, too what ever and some little car can post better road track times, well so what! I don't drive on a road track course, I drive on a highway. I'm a big guy at 6 foot 5 and 265 pounds. I can still ride in comfort and get there fast. It has plently of room for kids in the back if you need that space. Nothing compares to the thrill of the ride. I've owned Vettes, and BMWs and they don't get a second look when you are out. I bought this car for fun. It's easy to get in and out of and is fun. 
Holy cow! This truly an amazing car! The thrust off the line will snap your neck. I got 20 feet of rubber at 30 MPH by manually shifting into 1st. People really admire it every where I go. I took it to my local BMW dealer to get a part for my 540i and the entire showroom emptied out! All the salesman and service writers came out and took pictures of it. You can't get that attention from an M-5 at twice the price. The gas mileage also surprised me; I get 15 around town when I drive it civilly. One of the best features is the sound system. I feel like I have live concert in my back seat. Sometimes I go into my garage to just gawk at my amazing ride.
This is my first "NEW" car, but I have lots of other vintage mopars and DD 99 Dakota R/T. This car delivers on the promise that the Charger did not. Took it on a 1500 mi trip right after getting it. Awesome on the road. Passing is great fun and watching people get self inflicted whiplash when you go by them. I'm surprised there is so much plastic crap up front. Digging out all the bugs was a real pain. Had it to around 125 mph out on the desert highway, and still way more in it, but the wife gets nervous. Mine is black w/o the sunroof or NAV, don't miss either one. Seats are fine for sitting and driving, but don't even think your gonna get comfy when you lay back. Totally NOT sorry I got it.
Outstanding Car. Exceeded my expectations. True Muscle Car with great creature comforts. Great performance for the money. Every time I look at it in the garage I am thankful I was able to get it. I would have to spend 2 the price to get my '69 Chevelle in the same league. Dodge did a very nice job.
What an amazing car. The power, handling and comfort are unbelievable. Everywhere we go people are attracted to the pure beauty. I have clocked a 0-60 at 5.3 seconds although I hear 4.9 seconds has been recorded. Truly, one Awesome Ride.
There is simply no logical reason for a mature man to buy a car like this, except for the fact that it always brings a smile to my face each time I drive it. It's a time machine back to the 60's when we liked our cars big & bad. Something I'm afraid todays "PC" & "green" crowd, driving their Prius' will never understand. However, comparing the 60's muscle cars to this 2008 Challenger is like comparing a manual typewriter to a modern computer. The Challenger is more than muscle. Considering it's size & weight, it handles like a dream; you always feel like you have total control well, depending on how fast you're going. It's simply fun!
This car offers an exciting drive. Interior looks like a more modern car but has space similar to the old models. 
The 2008 Challenger experience can be summed up with a "WoW!" The acceleration is incredible, but better yet when you hit the turns it hugs them like a car built to road race. The speedometer and tach also have a built in gauge to help you measure your time from 0-60, 1/8 mile, 1/4 mile. I love to be at the front of the line at a light !! This car turns heads like no other car on the road right now. People follow me around till I park it so they can get a closer look. Just take a close look at the lines on this car and you begin to see what I mean, get inside and look out....you'll be hooked !!
Got the silver one w/a sunroof. I can't really rate the performance yet (program made me pick one) because I'm still breaking it in (only has 212 miles on it, manual says it needs 500 for proper break-in). The passenger muffler tip hangs lower than the drivers side. The steering wheel does not adjust downward enough for short guys to ride "low".
This is a excellent car to drive. I love my new SRT8. Hemi orange, 6.1 Hemi, Auto Stick, Kicker stereo system w/nav and Sirius sat radio. This is a must have for the car enthusiast.
I own a 2007 C6 Corvette, a 2008 GT 500 Shelby a 2007 Mustang GT and now a 2008 SRT8 Hemi Orange Dodge Challenger. I have to say that I LOVE every one of these cars but the Dodge Challenger really sticks out. The car is just great. Waited 6 months for delivery and it was well worth it. This car of all the new American muscle cars will definitely remind you of the original more than the vette or the Shelby. People will stop me on the road to look at it. Some get confused if it is a 1970's restored car or a new car. It is that similar to a 70's car. The car definitely looks better in person than the pictures. Way to go Dodge. Be proud of building a real American car. Would love to see a "CUDA
Well I can honestly say not worth the 70 dollars per tank per fill that last oh say 2,3 days. As if the car isn't expensive enough i.e. Payment, insurance, Mobil 1 oil changes etc. Now my defense I had no idea that gas would go this high. Well who did. Still a great car sweet sound love it. But its kind of like dating that girl who is so hot you cant get enough of but damn shes killing ya with how high maintenance she is. I would tell anyone who wants one save your money. Save it. Trust me or better yet if you really want mopar glory and have this kind of loot to blow then just go buy a used viper gts. Same money, much attention by the lady friends! Word to Dodge you missed the boat! You got me .
The Dodge Challenger SRT8 is one of the sexiest new models on the market right now. It had an immediate impact from the time it was unveiled as a concept car in 2006 and continues to be one of the most anticipated cars of the year. Dodge needs to capitalize on the endless opportunities with this model and set the pace for reinventing the modern American muscle car. Dodge should play off two versions of this car. Have one "Big Baller" V8 model with an MSRP of just under $40,000 and a more affordable "Economized" version with a V6 at around $25,000. Dodge can capitalize on the SRT8 if they realize the popular demand for this car...
I recently purchased a Dodge Charger 8 months ago and already my car has been broken into twice, both times the thieves used some kind of slim jim device and it took only seconds. All Chargers are easy to break into like this and I warn anyone who is going to purchase one to immediately get an alarm installed on it!!!
Got this car in April of 2008 and have been in heaven ever since. It isn't an old school Charger by any means but it is a different Charger for a different generation, I had a '69 many moons ago, loved it just as much. "Duke" impresses me every time I turn the key, runs like a scolded dog, handles like a dream, and can make as much white smoke as I want it to. however, new rubber isn't cheap, lol. People like it, I don't much like all the attention it draws, but i'm getting used to it. Gas mileage is pretty good considering it's pumping 350 hp out of the HEMI. Hands down the best new car purchase i've ever made and my next target is the Challenger R/T so my wife can have this one...Buy One!!
I went From a 2000 chevy Blazer To a 2008 Charger. Thats a major change to me from a gas destroyer to a gas saver and at the same time a better look. bought mine used with 30k miles and i have not had a problem at all with it even when i looked at the car fax stated no prior services recored well kept and when running it sounds like a Angle. I love my Charger. 
I bought this car used with 21K miles, saved about 10K over new. It started out life as an FBI undercover car for the first 2,500 miles. Then a private party bought it and installed 20" X 8" wheels and Kuhmo tires, along with a spoiler. Love the looks of this car, and it has plenty of power stock. It is the quickest car I have ever owned. The keyless key fobs are a little weird but I am getting used to it. The car has a firm but comfortable ride, and handles very well. I do not find the steering wheel effort to be too hard at all. About right for a sports sedan. My 4-year-old son thinks it is a racing car, the fastest car around, he says! So far, it seems very reliable. Buy 1!
This is my first experience with American cars, so far despite what I had heard before I'm pleasantly surprised. Charger is at the front and back, very quite engine, smooth transmission and extremely good on gas for a heavy muscle car. Interior has average quality, lots of plastic everywhere you look...One of the biggest problems I have wit this car is the stability, poor is the only word I can think of. There was some vibrating of the engine which is still there and some sort of strange problem wit tranny which i have been told all of them have (it kind of unsmooth at the beginning of movement). Over all if you can find it for a cheap price, I would definitely say go for it.
I bought my Charger as my retirement present to myself. I LOVE IT!. I added a K&N cold air box and laminar flow air inlet. It was supposed to add 20 HP, I don't think it did, but it sounds GREAT! The car is Tor-red, with the chrome clad wheels. I'm constantly being stopped to talk about it. I have 20K miles on it, and have only done oil changes and tire rotation. Great acceleration, fun cornering. I don't drive it much in the snow, but when I did, the computer did a good job with the wheel spin. I live in a rural-sub urban area, I get 20-22 mpg depending how close I get to the city. Much better mileage at 55 than 70 mph (over 30mpg at 55, 26mpg at 70). Try it out.
This is the first car that I have really enjoyed. The drivability is great and the performance is out of this work for a 5 seater. I have three kids under the age of 4 and this allows for me to enjoy my car while still being able to transport the entire family.
I purchased the 2008 dodge charger with the 3.5 liter. so far I've had the rocker arms push rods and tappet covers replaced, now the clear coating is peeling off and chrysler is saying it isn't a warantable isue. this is the replacement to my first charger that the transmision blew in.
I just traded in a 04 Mazda 6 for this brand new, 2008 Daytona R/T. I drive Crown Vic's for a living and find a 4 cylinder gas friendly but boring! I have admired the new Charger since they were first debuted, but since it was an American car, I was weary. The Charger is the embodiement of everything I think "cool" cars should be - and everything that American cars should live up to. It is my absolute favorite car ever designed. I never got to buy "the" car up until now, I have always gotten the one that sufficed. This is just plain fun to drive. Gas milage is not the selling point to these, but I will gladly sacrifice in that dpt! I look forward to driving my car!
I currently drive a 2008 charger I bought used in August. This car has already had a new transmission and has been in the shop 5 times. I had all my dummy lights come on (which I have pictures of) imediately took it in to have the dealership find no codes. The car at one point was stalling to again find no codes. Currently it is in the shop for kicking, stalling, and occasionly not going in reverse. Just got off the phone with the dealership and again no codes. I don't know what to do. I have already taken it to a different dealership. This is my replacement charger I previously had an 07 that I had to tow to dealership to find out it had frame damage not reported in carfax. 
I bought this car because I loved the look of it so much! I didn't care that I bought the V6 because no one really knows unless you look under the hood. It's roomy and comfortable and my kids are safe with the 5 star crash test rating. 
As the kind of owners that drive cars until they have to be junked, we usually shop for Toyotas. However, a local salesman cut us a deal we couldn't pass up and now we cruise around town in our hot new Charger. Though the interior is mostly plastic and we don't get as much hp out of the little engine as the big guys get, the car is still awesome. Its roomy, but doesn't feel like your driving a tank. The R&P steering is responsive and easy to get used to. The mpg aren't bad as long as you don't bury your foot in the pedal (easier said than done). As a backyard mechanic, the roomy Dodge engine compartment means easy fixes, if you ever need them.
Without the I'm going to hurt your back and kill you if you make mistake. Great for a daily driver or with an after-market addition or two, a great weekend hell-raiser. I use mine for both! My only complaint is an occasional rattle from the plastic around the moon/sun roof. I can't figure out where it's coming from. . .
Although I've only owned the Charger for 10 days, I sense it's the best auto purchase I've made. Love the rumble, impressive acceleration, nice interior, nice stereo, ample space, great look -- for the money, nearly impossible to beat. 
I ended up purchasing this car after my 2002 Grand Prix was totaled. So far, the Charger has been everything I was hoping for. The 3.5 engine at 250 hp has plenty of pick up for this heavier car. It handles very well, the ride is smooth, and from the interior the engine is seems really quiet. Going from FWD to RWD was a slight adjustment, especially in winter driving conditions, but the RWD Charger has held its own, even going uphill on black ice. The interior is comfortable,functional, and simple, not flashy or luxury-like. To date, fuel mileage has been surprisingly good, equaling or bettering the Grand Prix despite a lower fuel rating. It's a fun car and I'm an very happy with it.
I'm very happy with my new Dodge Charger overall. I was traditionally a Ford guy, but I now have 2 kids and the backseat of the newer Mustangs just didn't cut it. It is a perfect nominal for me. There is plenty of room for the kids and plenty of horsepower for when I don't have the kids.I have taken the car on some far trips and have gotten 24 mpg on the highway. I average 15 in the city, but I have a heavy foot.
Just traded in the Buick and I feel alive again. This car has a much better ride and handles like a dream. I had a 68 Charger back in high school and think I will have just as much fun with the new one.
I purchased my charger rt with R&T about a week ago. All the features you can ask for, bluetooth, navigation, heated seats, power, awesome looks, growling engine! MDS allows the car to cruise in 4cyl when you punch it it goes to 8Cyl. I added mopar exhaust and mopar cold air intake to add some MPGs and more growl and it definitely makes a wonderful difference. I receive a compliment every single day, no lie! Great value, they gave me a great price because sales are down, and the warranty seems to be great.Needless to say im a happy camper.Coming from a Base 2006 Grand prix to this is like a completely different world! If you want a charger, buy a Hemi!
This is my fifth Dodge product I've purchased in the last ten years and I can honestly say this Hemi Daytona R/T has exceeded all expectations I had about this car.On a recent 1K mile trip to Texas the 5.7L w/MDS achieved 21 m.p.g. on 87 octane fuel. On cruise control at 75 miles per hour the only indication MDS was active was the "Fuel Saver Mode" message was on the DIC. The performance tuned suspension on the Charger is more like a touring setup rather than a race car. Probably the most comfortable ride I've ever owned. This car will definitely get some looks around town and it's hard to resist my right foot urges too. It has all the cool toys with Sirius and MYGIG infotainment center.
I love the RT with 29R (RT) package. Daytona without the "arrest me" graphics/color package. Although if I were to buy one now for 09 I would get the white daytona available this year. That is nice! The only problem I've had turned out to be bad gas. Buy brand name and the recommended 89 instead of minimum 87 if you plan on driving this thing like you own it. I had some hesitation and stuttering at WOT acceleration, cleared right up when the gas shortages forced me to a different gas station than usual and 93 instead of 89 cleared up completely! Ever since then I've been running 89 from name brand stations and it hasn't come back. I get so many comments it's not even funny
We just purchased our 2008 Charger and LOVE IT! It is an awesome car! The inside has plenty of room and the trunk is huge. It rides and drives great. The stock stereo is wonderful. I had someone ask if I had put my own system in. I let them know that it was the system that came in the car. We also get lots of of people wanting to look and drive the car. So far I have not found ANY problems.
From the outside it's not all that bad at first. It reminds me a little of the bat mobile. The gas mileage sucks! There are horrible blind spots! You can't really see out of the back window that well. Looking at it from the outside you would think that you got all the room in the world while being in the car but you don't! Oh and did i mention I have to get gas multiple occasions due the MPG!
When I first drove it I had already decided not to like it due to my experience with my last Dodge Police car (1982).But the exterior design is so outstanding. When I drove it it felt like my Mercedes, but has the speed of an American muscle car. Its tight, solid fast, and built. It had a mileage problem, but that was taken care of with an air induction system. 3 mpg pickup and 20 extra hp, plus it sounds good! And the transmission is outstanding. Made in Germany! I have had 6 back and neck surgeries, and these are the only adjustable seats I found that make driving a pleasure. Mine's solid black and I tinted the Windows legally black. Wow. I've got an American muscle car in a Mercedes body!
Great car..I am very happy with the performance and fuel mileage. I am getting 14-21 and I am using mid grade with NO ethanol. I do not use it and wont till I am forced to. The car performs very well under hard accel and handles like a dream. I am looking to trade it for the SRT8 as I want to go to 425 HP . I was going to go with Challenger but refuse to fork over 20K extra for availability markup. The R/T will quench most driver wanting high end performance as well as daily driving. I wasn't thrilled about 4 doors but I drive it, not sit in the back. GREAT car for 24K and I think most will be happy. I also purchased a Base SE model I traded it off with 758 miles on it.No guts!
So first off, this car is awesome. I got a lot of looks in it. Put some dual exhaust on it, made it sound way cooler! A little boost in power as well. I was at work after hours and was doing donuts with it. No lack of power in the V6. :-D 
This is a great car, smooth ride, roomy interior and looks sweet. Gas mileage is not the best but when It rides and looks like it does, who cares.
This car looks as if its going to float with ease, and it is very deceiving! Very nice to look at then you get in it and Wonder "what have I gotten myself into". My 3 yr old pacts more Punch then this car. Maybe they should put the battery back under the hood (LOL) the gas leaves faster than the car actually goes! I wouldn't recommend this vehicle to my enemy! For what you pay it's not worth it! I'm sorry it is such a let down in performance but the compliments are great. Only if they knew. So to sum it all up the gas miles suck, performance is weak but hey I look good driving it. Guess thats worth it. Not! Let me even out the compliments it has great trunk space. So know its worth it. Not!
This car is as beautiful on the inside as it is on the outside. Driving is smooth, but reminds me of driving a pickup truck. On the driver's side, there is a terrible blind spot. This one "flaw" has convinced me never to own one. Also, the high rear combined with a small rear window-makes it difficult to see out the rear window.
This is an awesome car, it's got more than enough room inside and looks fantastic outside too. This car has one amazing stereo the bass is unreal for a base factory system. Comfort and smoothness of the ride is amazing. Gas mileage on the highway is fantastic but around the city is very disappointing I can actually watch the gas gauge dropping as I drive. Chrysler's hidden secrets in their warranty details are a little sneaky. If you have a problem with the car and you take it in to have it looked at if theres nothing found wrong you will be charged labor as they will not cover that under warranty, not a prob with makers like Hyundai. Overall nice car though.
It sounds like I am the only one but I am so disappointed with my new car. I have wanted a Charger since they hit the ground. After all the waiting until I could afford one, I ended up buying the lemon from the lot. My car has 850 miles on it and has been in the shop 5 times for the transmission. When the transmissions shifts between 1st & 2nd gear it feels like I am driving over railroad tracks & it does this every time I stop & take off. The dealership says this is normal and it should work itself out after I have drove it 3000 miles or more. They also say that 1/2 of them do this & 1/2 of them don't. I don't even want to drive it. The excitement is gone. 
(R/T Daytona ? Orange) A dare to test drive the car resulted in buying on the spot. At the expense of sounding like a broken record with the other reviews posted here, I must say: DAMN NICE CAR! From owning BMW?s to Mercedes, this car has what it takes and for way less money! In short, just an extreme pleasure to drive! More features and creature comforts for the money and tied with outstanding performance, it?s a combination you just can?t walk away from. It?s still new so I cannot report on reliability but from what I have read from this forum as well as countless others I am sure that I will not have any surprises. Guess what my wife?s next car is going to be????
Traded in a 05 Nissan Maxima GL for my 2008 Charger R/T. Looking at it was love at first sight. Love everything about it except for the gas mileage. Great road car and cruiser. Very comfortable and has THE power when you punch it. Got almost all the bells and whistles on it to which makes it a fun piece of "American Iron." Easy to see why it is the new "Cop Car".
I love this car so far. I have only driven it 700 miles so far. Be prepared to get compliments daily about the style. I got the se plus with the 3.5 L. O. V-6 that supplies surprising performance and fair gas mileage. The 18 inch aluminum rims and brilliant black metallic makes it look stunning. Tons of interior room, very comfortable and is a pleasant choice from the boring cookie cutter cars. Highly recommend!
LOVE IT! This replaced our 2001 Dodge Ram Sport, and looks like it's tough little brother or sister. Our Ram was all black, sport package. Our Charger is all black just like our Ram. We just got the windows tinted black and it looks fast just sitting there! Gotta love the attitude this car gives off. ROOMY interior - WOW! Don't pull up too far at some lights - the roof can block them. Fun to take turns a little too fast in! LOVE Sirius - haven't listened to the "real" radio yet! Would LOVE to have a sunroof as an option on this model. Looks kind of like a great white shark at the front - love it's tough look! Get one!
This car is all I expected and more. Not only is it a good looking muscle car, we can fit the whole family plus groceries without feeling cramped. I love the look of the car and the Inferno Red (just like the picture) is such a nice color. It drives great, has good pick up and gets better than decent gas mileage. What more can you ask for!
Looked at the base models in the paper and the se plus with the new day pkg was only 19,175. The 3.5 HO V6 is very responsive and fast. No hemi with 4$ gas. The Sirius is cool but cuts out in parking garages. The appearance is outstanding, I like it more and more everyday. Very, very roomy the interior is laid out nicely easy to use buttons and HVAC controls. Good gas mileage, handling and control. Always a ford man, this is my first dodge, and I am very happy.
So I had a 2008 Charger as a rental from Enterprise (for a month while my 2006 VW Jetta TDI was being repaired). Other than the fact the car is comfortable and rear wheel drive, this car makes me realize that American car makers need to revamp their designs. Pros: -Stock Stereo is pretty darn good -Very comfortable and Roomy -Rear wheel drive can be entertaining Cons: -No power at all. Acceleration is weak -TERRIBLE gas mileage. I spent 250 in a single month with minimal driving I know this is short, but to me, a lack of power and poor MPG is a deal breaker. I would never own this car at current.
Ah, my very own Charger, Pearl Black, and making the 'stang' gang turn their heads. I had a 66 Charger in high school, 383, 4 speed, California rake, and a lotta looks. This 2008 , well, just about the same. It's fun to drive, and it has enough power for what I need to do. The gas mileage was good, went from West Texas to Vegas, and we got 31mpg, (was cool enough no a/c). Would I buy again, well duh, yea!!!. And I love washing and detailing, the lines just seem to caress my washing' glove.
We have had different car models, I traded my Maxima in for the Charger. And glad i did. It is an amazing comfortable car, cabin quiet, and love my Sirius (free for a year by the way). And the Navigational system is wonderful. She, (yeah it's a she.) Hugs the road, and the Hemi, wow! Gotta watch the speedometer. The inside is very comfortable for all. and Really love the heated seats during the winter..and the Sunroof during warmer months. Who says muscle cars are just for men?
A friends father of mine purchased a 08 srt-8 charger and this friend drove it for a while. Finally, I had got the chance to ride in the car. I was so excited. I knew it had loads of power and torque. This car is amazing. Dodge, great job on this vehicle. The power and torque are a perfect match for this car and when the pedal is put to the metal, your back is glued to the seat with a twist, leaving a pleasant smile on your face when your thrill is finally over. Dodge, great job. Two thumbs up!
This car is simply amazing. That 3.5 H.O engine should not be underestimated just because it's not a Hemi. It is a powerful engine. The car is very roomy and comfortable inside and I love the sporty exterior that it has. It is like a 4 door coupe. If anyone is looking for a sporty sedan that delivers great power and solid gas mileage, this is the car for you. By the way, you can't beat the lifetime powertrain warranty and one year free of Sirius satellite radio.
This is my mid life crazy vehicle. Growing up, girls weren't supposed to have cars like these. So I bought my own at 52! It is the most perfect car I have ever driven. The seats are so comfortable they fit like soft gloves. I bought #505 of 1650. Yep, Daytona Orange, even the engine is orange. 
We got our '08 SRT Super Bee about a month ago. It has been a blast! The car has so much power and rides as smooth as glass. Hard to keep it under the speed limit! It is as comfortable as the Mercedes E350 it replaced. The special addition color Blue makes the car stand out where ever we go. It gets allot of attention which can be both good and bad. Did I mention how great the seats are? Can't go without mentioning the "Brembo" brakes. They are awesome. Though I feel it should go by another name other than Charger (Magnum Sedan would have been more appropriate since it's a 4 door. Chargers are suppose to only have 2 doors), I think the car is just great. 
car was in accident hit front by an suv car took total impact and side door on drivers side hit and I walked out of the car without a scratch i was going about 15mph slowing to make turn in rain.AWD kicked in and i was untouched dash was totally in tack airbags went off would like to find another AWD Charger This car saved my life it was a beauty had leather interior/sunroof red with a black racing stripe I loved it Great gas mileage we drove from Allentown, PA to Scituate, RI on one tank of gas!!
This is a great car! Was trying to get into Hemi, but with gas and price difference of 10 grand , I thought twice.This car has excellent power HO six is great and always a head turner, with a air intake and exhaust , pushing close to 300hp, but saving gas with a six cylinder!
This is my first non GM car ever. Luv the look and style plus GM has no good V-8's so I went with the Charger. The interior is much nicer than the 06-07 models. It handles well and has lots of power. It turns heads and is a real driving joy. I am late 20's and single but it is still probably the sportiest 4 door ever made. Recommend to anyone single or family 
I love this car. I thought with having just a 2.7l V-6 that it would lack in performance. But no way, this car goes as fast as you need to go. And the fuel economy is awesome. It might not win drag races (big deal) but it will definitely pass "ole slow poke" on the interstate. Extremely comfortable, ultra-quiet, and just plain fun to drive.
I was going from a 4 cylinder Mercedes to a larger car. Liked the look of the Charger and just thought I'd drive it without any real intent to buy. It drove surprisingly well. I've some minor issues like the hood has come unlatched by itself a couple times and the child safety lock keeps re-engaging itself, but other than that the ride is surprisingly quiet and smooth and it is very responsive. It is deceptively large inside even for me standing over 6 feet tall to have leg room to spare front and rear seats. 
The Charger is a real surprise. I have the R/T package on my R/T ( sport seats /suspension / 20 inch rims / 350 HP). After 18,000 miles, I can say this car is not only a comfortable and quiet cab, its roominess surpises all who get into it. The R/T package is great and really sets the look with the extra body moldings. The packages performance upgrade over the base R/T is substantial. We also have a Honda Odessey which is a well known quality vehicle. The Dodge is a more comfortable and queit ride. Yep, the performance muscle car is more comfortable and quiet then the Honda. My friends have the Pontiac GXP and the Mustang GT. They even like the Dodge a lot.
Traded in a 2001 BMW 740iL that had 80K. I got fed up with the Bimmers cheap plastic parts and frequent broken parts. I wanted to buy an American car to replace it. I drove a Mercury Sable (wife felt the seats were too short and steering wheel was too close to dash. The Impala didn't have much rear leg room so we test drove a charger. It had decient rear leg room and looked like a younger persons car(I'm 42 and not ready for a crown vic) I got the 5.7 Hemi with the 29R performance package. I really like this car. We got the My Gig with NAV and bluetooth, Sirius TV and Radio and the rear seat TV. This car has more features than the BMW and guess what, they all work, The sport seats look great
I have always wanted to kick myself for selling my 1969 Charger (a 383 with a 4-barrel carb.) but now I'm over that. I've finally found a car that is more fun to drive than the '69. The 2008 RT has better performance and handling and all of the luxuries provided by 21st century technology. Way to go Dodge!
Dodge lady forever! I have the "SRT8". When you step on the petal, it doesn't ask any questions, it just goes. I love it. I also like the "option" of choosing auto and/or manual. I don't care to much for stick shifting and it kinda helps me. Super easy to change shifts only should you choose to. I just love the speed on this monster. It's the best car I've ever had. I would recommend it to anyone. Again, be aware...it takes off like an airplane, for real - no kidding. My husband almost missed this flight. Turns out he wants one too... 
I just bought the new 08 Super Bee, after owning an 07 Purple Daytona RT. Love this car. I thought the Daytona was fun. The new My Gig is awesome, and love the Blue pearl. Ride and steering feel tighter than the Daytona. I got number 046 out of 1000.
I absolutely love this car. I had been driving a Lincoln Aviator for a bit, but test drove the Charger and instantly feel in love. The power is awesome. The interior is very stylish and comfortable. Even though I've only had it a couple of days...I don't think I'll ever get rid of this car.
I'd like to say that this is a great car, but we will go with good for now. The ride is smooth, comfortable and quiet, and I'd be fine riding in it for hours without undue fatigue. The steering gets raspberries because it's too heavy at all speeds and the chassis is busy at cruise. The most fatiguing part of driving this car is the constant inputs required, even on smooth, uncrowned roads. I really hate that part. The stock 225 60R18 touring tires grip well in the dry and are a menace in the wet. First thing I did was to get Goodyear Eagle Ultra Grip GW3 snow tires so that I can get through a Michigan winter without ending up in a ditch somewhere. Recommended with reservations
Bought this car over the weekend and love it! In fact I would say that this is the best car I've owned. I have owned quite a few cars and trucks over the years including Mustangs, Thunderbirds, Trans- Am, Dodge RAM pickup and most recently a Durango. I have been very pleased on how the car handles and absolutely love the sunroof since I live in CA. The seats are comfortable and Dodge finally did something with the 07 cruise control handle problem. I rented an 07 charger for about 10 days and that lever drove me nuts! Sirius radio is a nice touch and the rear air is nice for the kids! Everything about the car feels solid and the handling is superb. I wanted the myGig system but maybe next time
Wow. I know it's just a pretty version of the regular R/T, but their is just something about this car when you drive down the street in it's orange and black colors. The engine growling, and knowing that everyone can't help but look in interest. Sure, it's no SRT-8, but the mileage difference in MPG makes up for that. I am seeing abour 16 city and a cool 25 on highway. The pick up and go is strong and nice, and the interior is very comfy and roomy. I had a small Trans prob right away, but the warranty took care of that and no probs since. Good job Dodge!
I've owned the car for only 3 weeks, but, love it thus far. It's enjoyable to drive, responds extremely well for a 4 dr sedan, but, yet has the appearance of a "sporty" vehicle which gets lots of attention from people. A joy to drive! I was disappointed in a couple of things--see below on improvements. I would buy this car again without hesitation.
I have been a Dodge truck person since 1993 and when I saw the Charger, I was intrigued enough to drive one. I picked it up last night and while it may take me 6 months to learn the MyGig entertainment system, I love the way it handles, the acceleration is amazing, it is very comfortable and quite stylish. It will take me a while to get used to being back in a car, but I can't think of a better car to choose as my first in many years than the 2008 Dodge Charger R/T.
I only have the base model Dodge Charger, but I love it. It rides very smooth. I also like how it sits up higher than my old car (grand prix). It is nice and roomy too. Very comfortable to ride in. The seats make you feel relaxed and not strained. I am short (5'2") and it is easier to see over the steering wheel and dash in the Dodge Charger. I cannot wait until I can afford to purchase a more "loaded" Charger with leather seats (heated of course) and the "Hemi". :)
Beats the pants off of my go mango Daytona!. You have to be careful with these SRT's as they hit high speeds pretty darn fast!. The Daytona was a great car (got totaled by an abandoned previously wrecked vehicle in the middle of a darkened highway, very sad) and a bit more comfortable as well as confident due to the less aggressive gearing and pc. I absolutely love the SRT!.
I was looking for a nice truck that was fully loaded, but wasn't too large. After comparing all of the models available, I noticed that the smaller, almost car-sized trucks were comparable to price of the Dakota. After taking it for a quick test drive, I immediately noticed that the V6 Magnum had the power that could be used if needed. Great interior - almost nice enough to be considered luxury - and all the features you could ask for. Great ride all in all. I average 18-22mpg combined, which isn't too bad for a truck this size. Towed my 16 foot, 1500lb boat with no effort. Nice stock stereo system. New design for the exterior makes the truck look much nicer. Great truck for the money!
I wanted a truck that wasn't too big, but had enough grunt to work. Love the space the crew cab gives, wish the bed was about 1' longer. 4.7 V-8 is a great engine in search of a decent transmission. Very slow to down shift, yet won't up-shift in parking lots. 4X4 knob is in a poor location. Ride is a bit too stiff--the 07 was too soft. Handling is terrific for a truck, but I would trade a bit of handling for a less stiff ride. So far 14 mpg city 21 mpg highway, pretty decent for a 300+ HP V-8 4X4. Overall head and shoulders above the Ranger and Colorado, better looking than Toyota and Nissan. Best mid-sized truck out there
I reseached this purchase before spending $27K, and nothing compared to the value received in the Dakota. Oh yes, all the magazines love Toyota and Nissan, however, these same magazines receive a heck of a lot more incentives from these manufacturers for the positive take. This Dodge is every bit as good, more powerful, more capable and better looking. Take advantage of all the incentives, compare, and you'll come to the same conclusion---Buy it! You won't be sorry.
This is my 3rd truck in 5 years, and I must say my favorite. I bought the v6 because I drive so much and its better on gas. Love the looks of this truck, and the interior is like a luxury car. Never liked the exterior of the Dakota till the 08 came out. They are giving 08's away, mine was 10k off MSRP. The quad cab is very roomy, drives and handles way better than my 06 Titan. This is the top of the small truck class. I looked at and test drove a Canyon Z71 and a Nismo Frontier, and I was surprised that I liked The Dakota so much better. 
I was in the market for a pick-up and researched for a year. Settled on the Dodge Dakota with V8. I like the size and power. Meets my needs for a vehicle that supports my fly fishing, weekend camping, towing small trailer. I bought for Sport Crew Cab with V8 for $26,800, freight and tax included. Sticker was close to $34K. Bought at $1000 under invoice, plus Dodge is offering factory $5000 rebate on 08 Crew Cabs.
Having done the research for a bigger engine to pull with, I decided on the SLT, V8, 4WD with 4 doors. Like the new design for exterior, and upsized engine. Lots of power, and average MPG is around 17.5 with the auto. transmission. First thing I noticed was trailer lights not working properly. A computer glich. This turned out to be a small recall. The truck came with a trailer harness when purchased. Now the blower motor quit and the interior lights. A wiring cluster behind the dash for the odometer has my HVAC wiring running through it. Why would they run a 40 amp fan through this? I've been driving Toyotas since 1983. Considering going back to Toyota before my warranty expires. 
Just bought my Dakota. Love it! I Love the off-road capability, the looks, style. Even it's 3.7 L v6 performs great in towing, off-roading, etc.
Just picked up my 08 Dakota. Turned in a Ram for this little beauty. Very impressed with the looks, interior, and drive-ability of this truck. This is a very capable truck in a smaller package. Very easy for the wife to maneuver in traffic. Vehicle fit and finish is excellent. Better on gas than my old Hemi. Interior is very quite and the upgraded stereo is very crisp and clear. Really like the Sirius radio option. Had an issue finding room to store all my gear from the Ram. Solved by mounting on of the collapse-able bins from interior to the truck bed with sheet metal screws.
Originally was going to get the 07 at the end of the year. But after hearing about the new V8 I waited. I was not disappointed, power is very good. MPG could be better but is OK at about 16.5 average. I like all the storage, but dash looks and feels like cheap hard plastic. Cab has a lot of wind noise, but with stereo on it is not noticeable. Ride is stiff and bouncy, very noticeable while going around a turn with bumps, feels like the back end is going to lose traction. I have the Sport and it should have been set up to look sportier like the Colorado with a lowered stance. Front seat only holds 2 people while my older model holds 3, 3 would be better. Stock rear tinted windows are dark.
My truck is actually a Sport w/V-8, crew cab. This is my 3rd Dakota. So far, my favorite. It's red, fast, looks sporty, handles great, rides good, doors open wide, seats firm and supportive, tows, looks good anywhere, best warranty of anyone. Traded down from full-size Chevy. Like this better. Easier to get in and out of and wife likes the size. Mileage is 21-24 on highway driving sensibly. City is lower of course. Acceleration is matched by nothing else is its' class. Brakes and transmission work flawlessly. When you turn on your truck, does it return the favor? Mine does!
Did some research on this truck and the ratings I read are true. My mpg on highway at 71 mph at 65 degrees, little wind, is around 19 mpg the truck had 65 miles on it. The V8 has some good power. Got the Laramie package with the trailer tow package. Truck pulls 3000 lbs real good. Love the black metal flake paint with the chrome front end looks like a Harley truck. Truck gets a lot of looks, Dodge did a good job on redesigning the front clip. Ride is pretty good for a pickup truck.
After having a Honda, and a Toyota, I find my new Dakota to be their equal in terms of build quality. In fact I drove a Ridgeline, and a Tacoma on the same day I drove the Dakota, and the Dakota blew them away in terms of quietness and ride quality. The 08 interior is an upgrade from the previous year. I have the V8 which I need for towing, and so far MPG is not the greatest (14 around town,18 HWY) but it should improve once it breaks in and the weather gets warmer. The new engine has a lot of guts and will serve my needs very well. So far I love my truck
I looked at all th mid/small pickups. My father-in-law owns a Colorado. I have driven many of my friends' pickups and none compare to the Dakota. Better ride and definitely more fun to drive. The new redesigned suspension is a bit stiff, giving it a tighter feel, but it is still better than the Nissan, Chevy, and the Ford. The Toyota rides a little better, but the Dakota, even with the V-6 Auto has better passing ability. Gas mileage is OK, I am getting about 22-23 MPG in mixed driving. Overall, I am very pleased I chose this truck and I look forward to many years of enjoy my time behind the wheel. 
It has a firm, borderline stiff ride, much less spongy than the previous model years. We have many 2006-07's in our fleet and you can tell the difference. The console and cup holder layout is great and much improved. All controls are easy to reach and use. The ride is quiet. I would recommend the V8 if you need serious power. So far, my 3.7L accelerates good enough and maintains highway speeds adequately. We have had very few quality issues in our fleet so far with Dakotas, and hopefully this series will even be better.
Bought this vehicle with 18K mi. on it. It was great for about 2 days. That's when the front brakes went out (Pad's worn out- completely gone). I found out the rear brake pads had been replaced right before I bought it and rear rotors seriously grooved. Then the passenger sliding door broke... Van drove pretty well then except for a clunking gear shift sometimes between 2cd and 3rd around 20 mph. No real other problems until one night at 30K mi. when it just didn't start. I tried both keys- nothing. Had it towed to dealer- no codes, no answers....no confidence. Traded in for new Chevy Tahoe. Happy to have it gone.
scary moment when 3 weeks ago the back up camera, A/C & heating vents, radio, speedometer & other dash reading disappear & nothing worked, along with power windows, power door locks. 43000km on this baby & under warranty, took to the dealer shop, they refused to look into because I wasn't having an issue now, but they did do the upgrades on computer for free (which they apparently charge for),also have chronic problems of locking the van, I have to push down on the button 3 or 4 times & had it check out but they never find anything wrong. it's been great, no problems otherwise, love all the features, rear seats uncomfortable. Great for camping, can easily sleep 2 adults comfortably.
I had a Dodge Grand Caravan that I purchased there less than a year before with brake noise. My wife complained on previous occasions but was told nothing was wrong. When they finally looked at it vehicle was out of warranty period and they said the repair would not be covered. It cost us $471.98 to replace front and back pads and resurface rotors. Was not informed that a TSB #05-006-08 had been issued. Part number recommended in TSB does not match part number on my invoice. Now they need replaced again a year later because they were making a squealing noise and overheating. When I took it in to a local mechanic, he said my left rear caliper is leaking and needs to be replaced. No calipers
Bought it from dealer new with 839 miles on it. I researched minivans to no end before I bought this one, and one thing that bothers me about it is the people that whine about issues that are either routine maintenance or abuse! The brake problems are caused by heavy footed stooges riding the brakes and the sliding door problems are from lack of lubrication! Use some common sense and maintain your vehicle! The only issue I've had is the A/C blows warm in the South Carolina heat until you get moving. I've checked the system myself and guess what...that's normal for a vehicle with a cabin this big! Overall I like the vehicle, the kid loves the DVDs and the wife won't let me drive it!
Purchased the vehicle brand new from dealership. At 18k started hearing screeching noise from front tires. Outcome? Complete brake overhaul from calipers, rotors and brake pads, all needed replaced. Dealership said there was no reported issue even though I showed them pages and pages of customer complaints about the brakes. I did this out of my own pocket for the safety of my family. Now before warranty expires the transmission is slipping. We took to dealer said there was a recall and fixed right? Wrong? Today wife had to take back to dealer, $95 bucks to look at it since no longer under warranty. Rental out of my pocket and the outcome is still TBD...... Terrible experience.
Bought car for carting 2 kids and wife to do home health care. Did OK in snow but all wheel drive would do better.Has left my wife stranded 3 times in 8 months. Car stuck in Park and the 3rd time the tow truck could not make the manual over ride work, so had to get dolly wheels to get it to the dealer. Front passenger seat needs to have same adjustments as drivers seat. Can not go up and down. Back seats to low. Hard for older people to get in and out. Front under carriage is always hitting parking cement markers.
It's an 08, but had been sitting on lot for a year (500 miles). Why? I guess 'cause it's LOADED with everything EXCEPT leather. And "sunburst orange pearlcoat," which is to say "rust" colored. Anyway, they took $10K off the sticker. It's a 4.0 L. Funny how the '08 4L's don't have the 25 MPG rating that the '09 4L's do. How did Chrysler squeeze 2 more MPG out of the same engine in '09? Dealer doesn't even know what I'm talking about, or pretends not to. But love the acceleration. Alas, I'm getting 15 MPG in town. And in the 6 wks I've owned it, this has happened 4 times: engine starts but no lights or A/C. Jiggle the key, and it all comes back on, but A/C blows HOT AIR for 5 min!
We have had our 2008 dodge grand caravan for 6 months now. I will have to say we are disappointed with the interior quality of the van. It rides nice and looks great for the design, but Chrysler just did not focus on the details. I will have to say for a van that now has 350000 miles on it, it sure has a lot of interior rattles with the cheap plastic hardware everywhere on the dash and center overhead console. Secondly,when going over rougher roads the rear suspension chatters a lot.
Purchased vehicle with 18,132 km. in Feb 2008,;October 2008 @ 33,942 km (15,810 km driven) replaced front brake pads and rotors. Drove additional 8,842 km - in May 2009 replaced the rear brake pads and rotors; at same time they again replaced the Front brake pads only 8,842 km use (they did this part for free! Today is August 18th - it has been 3months since both front and back have been replaced - 5 weeks of that it was parked and only 4,920 km later the van is going back into the dealership tomorrow because the brakes are causing severe shuttering. Already have put out $964.00 and a free set for the front --Dodge Service- -What will this cost me- I feel totally ripped off - known problem
Wife's van w/ 3 kids. Power side and rear doors are great when they shut. Drivers side door will not shut all the time. Been into the dealership for this and for a broken latch on the lid for front stow n go seat. Original brakes (17,000+ miles), original tires. Have hauled 1000# of lumber, inside, and about 1000# of landscape edging bricks. No damage to inside seats when down. Handles great in the Michigan winters (above average last year). Van is driven mainly city driving, but weekend trips are over 50 miles, one way. Just got back from a 240 mile round tripper yesterday. Averaged 23-24 mpg on turnpike. Very pleased. Seats, at head rests, seem to be coming apart, though.
My family has had Grand Caravans since 1998. Loved them up until the 2008 Grand Caravan. It is a nice car to drive and comfortable but too many problems. Here are the problems: antifreeze leak when purchased new-- took 2 repairs, roof rack bars in wrong position and on backwards, have had 1 shock replaced, 1 strut replaced, front brakes and rotors at 29,000 mi, back electrical "cage" in ceiling loose, rear bumper pad replaced, still squeaks when going over bumps, wind whistling noise, doors don't always open when pushing automatic key fob. Plan to trade for an SUV as soon as I can. Cannot believe this is a $31,000 car.
I've had my 2008 Dodge Grand Caravan for 18mo. I've been without my van for over ten weeks because of multiple problems. In fact it has been in the shop for over seven weeks because they cannot find parts to repair the transmission that has gone out for the second time. Great quality Dodge! Do yourself a favor and never look at a dodge or chrysler product ever. Oh yea, its not their fault that they cannot get the parts to repair my van. It's the suppliers fault. They probably won't make them for dodge anymore because they were just screwed by them with the recent bankrupcy. 
I've been around the block with minivans over 15 years and wagons before that. This is the best one I have owned, and I really liked the previous G Caravan and the T & C before this. Decent driving, good comfort, good power (3.8 engine), and no problems at 29000 miles. Best mpg I've had (25 hiway, 19-20 town), and I love the Stow and Go. I don't know what the "professional reviewers are looking for in a mini, but this has everything I look for. And it has more usable space than any other. That's what led me to the Chrysler T&C in '94. 
I love ours! Two kids= dual DVDs, game plugs, Sirius radio/Backseat TV a lifesaver for our long, long road trips. Bucket swivels in 2nd row. Plenty of room for four adults, 2 kids on trips! Lots of storage! Back camera perfect for city/parallel parking! Toyota/Honda users always want to check out our Dodge (we paid so much less for so much more!). Wind noise/rattles = reseal the front window! Done! No noise ever again! (Warranty covers it.) LOVE our DGC!!
We just bought this brand new, yes 2008 we purchased in June 2009 with 50 miles on it. We drove 500 miles on vacation and the engine (power train) blew while on expressway going 65 miles/hr. We've owned the van for 2 weeks to the day. Of course, the dealership was closed in the town we were in...bottom line we had to rent a van for $120/day for our family of 6. We will be reimbused a whole $375 for "trip interruption insurance". However, we are now home withOUT our "new" broken van. It's 500 miles away waiting for a "part" that isn't due for 5 more days. Once the van it fixed we have to find a way to our vehicle and pick it up. We will NEVER buy another Dodge, ever!
All in all an ok van. seating is comfortable. STO N GO is nice. back seats slide up and back for more leg room.space utilization inside is good. very good in the snow! Wish the seats reclined further in back and psnger side. NOW the CONS 25,000 miles had to replace brakes and roters. dealership said consider myself luckey most go out at 12-17,000 mi on these new vans. you would think Dodge would come up with something to fix this problem! Back doors don't always want to close.Been to the dlrship 4-5 times and they still can't find anything wrong.wind noise on the highway seems to be getting louder. The dash rattles again dealership can't seem to find anything wrong. confidence in amer made??
Great Van so far other than the front brakes which i had to replace at 8000 miles.Poor quality. Thankfully it was covered under warranty in it's first year and dealer replaced it at no charge and they gave me another year coverage. Van has everything you need for the family at a great price. Too bad Honda and Toyota are not competitive enough for features and price. From experience in ownership,they are not reliable vehicles.
Have had this vehicle for a little over a year and already replace front brakes and rotors. Appears to be chronic problem with this model. Have had trim on rear bumper replaced twice and still is not correct.Does not hold value -- has lost half its value in 1 year. Will not buy another Dodge product again
 We have been happy with this van since we purchased it. The ride is verry good but it does pull to the right ever so slightly and the brakes his when it is wet out. But the the gas mileage is pretty good 18/27 and the room is great. I have 4 kids 3,2, 1 and 2 weeks old and we are verry comfortable in this van. Stow and go is awsome and the power sliding door Windows are Nice. I do wish the acceleration was a bit more aggressive but it is adequate. Over all you get what you pay for. Not everyone will get a good vehicle, no auto maker is perfect. I chose a Dodge and got a good vehicle. So with so many of these vans on the road a few of them are bound to have problems. But most caravans don't.
We bought a van that the owner's wife of the dealership drove with aprox 6,000 miles on it. It has been in the shop for replacement sensor for the door, AC would shut off so they replaced internal thermostat, sensor that would tell us outside temp was replaced, front passenger seat belt unreliable and arm rest fell off and was replaced, 2 tires replaced and the icing on the cake we needed to replace the brakes at 22,000 miles.I was told by the dealer that they have been replacing alot of the breaks on this car. What really is disgusting is that they want you to pay to replace the crappy brakes that they put in. I am sorry to say that I will be buying my first foreign made car in the fall. 
I had nothing but problems. First, I had the radio replaced and now I am experiencing ghost like things you would find on TV. First the heat would just go off on its own, then the DVD player stopped working and said region not set (whatever that means) and now I just got home and on my way home in the dark, my headlights went completely out. This was very scary because I know it cannot be the battery cause it was only the headlights that went out. I am really fed up with this company. I could have been in a serious accident due to this failure. I am now afraid to drive the van with my kids in it. I bought it a year ago brand new, so why all this fuss? 
We liked this van alot to start but after the many problems we have had I think we should have held off. sliding doors kept re-opening on thier own- scraping in sliding door windows- remote key fob had to be replaced/reprogrammed- rubber body stips on roof falling off- 3 trips to dealer to fix trans leak- AC broken, defective high pressure line- radio would not upload music, had to be replaced- brakes squeeling at 12000 miles- tire pressure monitoring warnings on cold mornings- traction control warnings on cold mornings- difficult to operate radio/dvd system
My first Dodge van was a 1884 model, and this is my 4th since then. Although I've like all my vans, this one is head and shoulders above the others. The build quality is good, but even more the ride and handling is far superior. I guess this is the Mercedes influence on the design. The seating position and comfort are excellent. A power seat helps here. The controls fall readily to hand, are very intuitive, and have a quality feel. Outward vision at first seemed blocked by thick pillars but I find I got used to that quickly and am not bothered now. I find that parking is far easier than with my old vans. The square corners may help here but the steering seems more precise as well. 
Lots of problems with this Van right out of the gate. We were having transmission problems that none of the dealerships believed were real. Until about 300 miles before the warranty was up. Then they had to replace the gears in the transmission and a bunch of other stuff. Then little problems. The grab handle on the passenger side became loose, the map lights stopped working, the driver door speakers are blown. This is the second and last Dodge / Chrysler product I will ever buy. I don't care how cheap they sell them for. I guess you get what you pay for.
Traded my 02 in on this van, its a base model. The 3.3 is great, as long as you dont push it all the time. Great mileage. Tires are terribly cheap and almost worn out already. Great in the snow. Too much white inside for sure. This is a basic cheap people mover. The wind noise is bad at times, and does pull to the right. I adjusted my tires to correct this. Lock beep is bad for late night returns home. Love the drive visability. Overall good a very good van. Not the best, but the price says it is 
Have owned it for 14 months, listed below is what has gone wrong with it so far: 1) catalytic converter replaced 2) drifts/pulls to the right 3) sliding doors don't always shut (been to shop 3 times to get right). 4) replaced front brakes/rotors at 17,000 miles. Was told I am not the only one having that problem, Dodge came out with an upgrade kit that I had to buy for $400 to correct problem 5) two tires replaced (bad and cheap tires in my opinion). 6) radio had a bug, had to download upgraded software to fix 7) turn signals stay on unless you jiggle the handle couple of times.
We bought our van fully loaded back in March 08. It has everything, 4.0L engine, the works. Overall, it's a really nice vehicle. However; we have had nothing but problems with this vehicle. As of Jan 10th 09 we've had this vehicle in to have the thermostat replaced 8 times. It's been declared a lemon. The transmission has started leaking fluid, the sliding doors do what they want to. It looses heat from time to time. The remote start works when it wants to. We went to trade this vehicle in for something else and it has depreciated value by $22,000. I almost fainted. We bought the van for $36,000 and I tried to trade it in, and was offered $14,000. Buyers beware.
I traded in my 2006 and am very happy with the van now for 8 months. very roomy, lots of storage and camping friendly. It's a nice buy for the money. I have noticed the van does like to pull to the right a lot for some reason. It definitely has a lot less problems then my 2006 did.
Our prior Dodge Grand Caravan ran 170,000 miles without any problems so it was time to trade it in for a new minivan. The new Grand Caravan is so much nicer then the prior model. May not be pretty to watch from the outside, but really nice inside.
We purchased this car six months ago and have had nothing but trouble with it. Within the first two weeks we had trouble with the radio, as it would shut off on its own for no reason. It eventually had to be replaced, which took us 3 visits to accomplish. Since then we've had a knock in the steering wheel (3 visits), a rattle in the driver's door, and currently our anti-lock brake / stabilization light is on. I have 3 kids in carseats and bought this van for the conveniences it was supposed to offer - it has been an absolute pain for us, as there is no convenience associated with taking a car in every other week. We regret buying this van nearly every day. 
Bought this van with 6800 miles on it. Had it about 8 days and the check engine light came on. Dealer said that I had water in my gas so put in a gas treatment and a spark plug. The check engine light came on before I got home so took it back and dealer said the injector was bad so changed it. Drove 2 days and the check engine light came back on so dealer kept it for 2 days and said that the injector wasn't seating properly because of deposit builup. They now want to "pull the head and see what's going on in side". So, runs bad, poor mileage, check engine light on, starter doesn't engage on cold mornings and now heater randomly blows ice cold air.
I've driven Chrysler my entire life, as my father is a employee, this is the first time I need to write a not so great review. The common repairs in here are on par with mine, mygig replaced, windshield wind noise fixed, and sliding doors fixed. Since the first week i have been complaining about the brake noise. But whats really bugging me is the engine hiss/whine. Those Yokohama tires stink, had to change them after 30,000 miles.
This is my 4th Dodge minivan, we love it. The new front styling is why I bought it. Just got back from Washington St. over 1,600 mi. one way with no problems. We hit a 60 mi head wind and mileage drop to 20 mpg. The rest of the trip we made 30 mpg. couldn't be happier. 3400 mi on less than $280.00 in gas. Only thing I didn't like is it always shifting down going up the mountains ranges,and little hills. lack of power unless it shifted down and than the motor sound like it was going to blow up. My wife, daughter, and 2 grands kids made the trip and we had plenty of room thanks to the stow and go. 
Replaced a 2001 Oddysey with only 88,000 miles; needed a new tranny, power door motor, water pump, EGR valve, brake drums (again) Our Grand Caravan drives nicer than the Honda did when it was new. I drive it whenever I can (my wife never wants to part with it). 2,500 miles and not a single problem. The van feels solid and safe, great acceleration; bumps do not intrude into the cabin, yet it handles great. Plastics are not sub-standard; they're designed to handle "kid-abuse", which they do. If you are the market for a minivan, do not overlook this awesome vehicle.
This van is always in the shop for repair! It's had 7 service visits in 11 months: 1) The ignition key receiver failed, resulting in a tow the 1st month. 2&3) Hard drive on stereo was replaced twice. Chrysler also sent out software upgrade to fix add'l problems with system. 4) Tail gate assembly latch was replaced when it locked shut and I couldn't even open it manually. 5) Side sliding doors, which never shut properly electronically, had to be adjusted. 6 & 7) The heater in one of the seats quit working, so had to replace the heating element. In addition, indicator lights are unreliable. Recommendation: Don't buy this vehicle! We spent $30,000, and wish we had our old van (worth $1,000).
So far so good. I love the fold flat seats. Extremely versatile. I opted to not get the myGig, just kept in simple. With a lifetime powertrain warranty, keeping it simple makes sense. We'll keep this van for 10 years. I am very tall and the flexibility of the pedal positions, and lack of an obtrusive center console made the Grand Caravan my choice over Honda and Toyota. I drive less than 7,500 years and my 1998 BMW 528i was costing $2,500 in annual repairs to achieve this meager goal. The Caravan is fantastic economy and reliability by comparison.
I have had nothing but problems with my 2008 Grand Caravan since I got it in Jan. 2008. It has had a new exhaust put on it. The sliding door on the driver's side has been worked on 2 times because it starts to close and then re-opens. That still is not working 100% of the time. The keypad does not work at all when it is near my husband's Tahoe either in the garage or in a store parking lot. Now it beeps at me when I am driving, the lights on the dash all turn on, the RPM and MPH go to 0 & the windshield wipers turn on. I bought it for convenience since I have 3 kids & when the doors don't work or I have to stand there and make sure the doors shut it is anything but convenient.
this is the 2nd dodge caravan we had and we loved the first one (a 2006) traded for this 2008 and I hate it! everything about it seems cheap, having some engine problems already, both of the back doors now have water trapped inside, I'm afraid they will rust out and we have the swivel and go seats and when you you use it with the table you can't fit inside poor layout. I'm sick of this van and wished I had my old one back
I really like this new van, but for some reason car drifts to the right all the time slow or fast. I have been back to shop three times and have not been able to correct this problem, although I have been told this a safety feature built into the vehicle. My problem is I like a vehicle that holds the road. 
The power is overwhelming for a van i cant believe it the 4.0 makes it a muscle van.The interior is great. i don't have any problems with wind noise but i talked to the dealer when i got my oil change and they said that the problem was getting fixed for 2009s
I also have the whistling noise problem. The dealership has changed the windshield, tried to realign my door. Still a problem. Also twice i turned the van on and only the van came on, the radio and A/C did not. (very weird). The van has a weird look but rides nice(except noise), ok on gas.It's comfortable on long rides.Good get up and go.
Loved it at first, but having electrical problems with less than 4000 miles. Software upgrade(scary) and two control modules later-still having the same problems. Starts with blower speed control working inconsistently, then dash lights go on or off or light up like a Christmas tree and the vehicle may stall. Going back to the dealer tomorrow. Still have my 95 CaravanSE, love it-hoped the 08 would be the same. Afraid to drive the 08. Also a bit of a whistle under the hood. Body "dings" easily, thin sheet metal? I will say-after a year of looking, was set to buy an Odyssey, but the Honda dealer was pretty arrogant, so went across the street and bought the Dodge, they appreciated my business.
General Design of the 2008 Grand Caravan is the reason for purchase. It has large cargo space when the rear seats are folded and stored under the floor with minimal effort.
Now that there is a TSB out to get rid of the honking/wind noise from the front windshield at speeds over 65 mph. My major issue with van will be gone.
Let me start by saying, I like the van and this is my second one. But the new design has a whistling sound when doing 65-70 MPH. The problem is around the windshield on the unit, Between the window and the pillar that extends to the roof. The rubber insert is not long enough and it causes a whistle sound. You will need to tape the outside until you can run a thin bead of caulk under the rubber to prevent the wind from getting in. I do a lot of driving in a year (42,000 annually) and I currently have it taped and it has stopped the noise. Good luck.
I love my van. We do not have any of the problems that others have mentioned (whistling noise, road noise, poor visibility with dual screens, etc.) The controls are nicely laid out. Love the Uconnect, mygig, and the 6 speed transmission. I live on top of a hill, and rather than riding my brakes all the way down, I just downshift and let the engine do the work. We also love the piece of mind of the lifetime powertrain warranty (we added the lifetime wrap that covers just about everything else for $2700) For under 30k we have tons of features, people / cargo space, power, and safety, with the piece of mind that comes with only having to pay for basic maintenance. We think we got a bargain.
The biggest problem with the van is that you can lock the doors with the sliding doors in the back still open. Once you push the lock and not have the doors closed, it still locks with the doors in the open position. This should be corrected by Dodge.
While parked and unoccupied, the van shifted out of park on its own and coasted down into another parked car. Chrysler sent an inspector out who couldn't find anything wrong. They won't repair damage done to van in collision. They act like it never happened. Beware 08 van owners! Always set emergency brake when parked. Chrysler's customer service is not very impressive. We'll have to take them to small claims court for them to address the fact that it happened.
I love this car except for when I reach about 65-70 mph it make this weird whistling noise I took it in and its still making the noise I don't think the dealership knows what it is! Does anyone know?
This is the 3rd minivan from Chrysler that we have owned. This van replaced our 2006 Town and Country and it is the best one yet. It seems to have more power than the 2006. Ride is better and it has lots more storage. 
Second Dodge vehicle I've purchased. I love the new Dodge Grand Caravan! The entertainment system is unsurpassed, with the MyGig System and the rear dual overhead DVD screens. The exterior styling is more masculine than the competition. 2nd and 3rd rows both still fold underneath, a great feature. Limited lifetime warranty on the powertrain for the original owner is priceless. Was about $3,000 to $4,000 less expensive than the Odyssey and Sienna for a comparably equipped vehicle, but those two can't touch the entertainment system. My wife and I fight over who gets to drive it. Thus far, we love the Caravan!
For few years I asked myself when was Dodge going to change the minivan style 01-07, finally did in 08. So disappointed by Dodge by the design, power response, and gas mileage. As owner of 97 Grand Caravan Sport, I can say my 97 handles and get better gas mileage than the 08 model. The Stow-N- Go a plus. Having a handicap child with a wheel chair lots of room is a must. The 08 models lacks space. With my 97, I can place the wheelchair standing up without a problem. With the 08, I had to take it apart.
Purchased March 25, 2008. Loved the new style and features. Kids fell in love with the VES system, me in the sunroof/Sirius radio and wife in the heated seats. But now (in June '08) we have a whistling problem that the dealership can't seem to figure out. Over 65 mph and the van sings a tune. Van been in shop twice and we are still waiting for problem to be fixed. If we can get rid of this problem, I am sure I will LOVE my new van. Hate the position of the video screens, wish they were off center somehow. Backup camera is nice, but please still turn and look, camera is deceiving. Overall very happy with van, just need to get the whistling to stop. 
I have just purchased this vehicle, and recently hit the 100 km mark. This is the second Caravan I have owned and I am quite happy with it. It drives and handles great, cannot wait to go on holidays with this gem. price was right and so is the styling of this vehicle. If i could change anything it would be the almost white parts of the interior (very bad idea with those grubby little kids). All and all the is no other van like the Grand Caravan.
We lease the Canadian Dodge SXT 3.3 liters. I have reached to the moment on the highway is 12.6 liters per 100 km and 15.6 in the city, so poor! My old Mercury Villager had 11.6 in the city and 9 on highway! Dual screens with satellite TV and 4.0 engine are not available in Canada! WHY? It looks like a box from the rear and cheap inside. Rear camera quality is poor. But MYIG is the best idea! 
I LOVE this van!! It is so nice and comfortable!! The ride is so smooth! I NEVER thought I would drive a minivan but I truly love driving this car! It is fun and pretty spunky for a van. Great features too. This is an extremely family friendly van. 
I?ve owned 6 Chryslers over the years. I generally like them. But this is the worst car I have ever owned. Exterior: -VERY POOR Build Quality. Sloppy welds, and poor paint finish. -Rocker Panel is way too wide: Impossible to enter the car without trashing your pants. -Rear air dam VERY cheap plastic:. -It?s UGLY!: Interior: -Dashboard plastic is out of a 1979 dodge Omni. -Dashboard has more seams than a 19th century hoop dress. -Whole car Rattles: -Swivel-n-Go 2nd row seats DON?T RECLINE! -Floor Storage Door flimsy: -2nd Row Video Screen (w/SunRoof) blocks rear view: -Shift Knob will break off in first 6 months: -Sliding Center Console will break in 3 months
New 4.0 has great power, wind noise was easy to fix, just flip the crossbars around on the roof rack (they are tear drop shape, thicker end faces forward) Dual screens with satellite TV is a huge hit! My nine year old can work everything! Swivel and go seats very comfortable. My wife loves this new van, we have had every family hauler from a Yukon Denali to a Toyota Sequoia and this vehicle takes the cake! Gets around in the snow great. If you don't need to tow anything heavy then this vehicle will do everything for you, and has a LIFETIME warranty to go with it!
This is the 5th Grand Caravan I've owned. It's by far the best. I see on other reviews that people have complain about the gas mileage. I for one drive about 3-5 miles an hour over the speed limits and have averaged 24-26 on the highway. MY best being most recently a trip to VA where I hit 30 mpg on one tank. I got the 4.0 and must say that the engine is powerful. It's much better than the previous 3.8 that I had in the others.Love the DVD system (great for the grand kids). The VES and Auto Climate manual could be a little more user friendly. Storage is great. In my opinion the best mini van on the market. Great ride/handling
I changed my F150 with V8 with the last model Grand Caravan hoping to make some savings on gas. The advertised fuel efficiency shoud be 8.7 liters per 100km. (I am Canadien) The best I have reached to the moment on the interstate roads is 13.1 liters per 100km/ around 17 miles per gallon/ and it is 50% more than it is advertised. I have had more than 10 different cars, vans and trucks and it wasn't a problem to get close enough to the advertised efficiency.In the dealership they try to tell me that the way the van is built. And if it continues I have to take rid of it
I will be honest: I find the new look of the 2008 Dodge Grand Caravan to be ugly. It looks like a box from the rear and an SUV in the front. Gas mileage is OK, cabin noise high, and the heat/AC nodules hard to operate. The front bumper cracked when I drove in single digits over the winter, cracking the bumper. Ice had stuck to the inside of the bumper and when the ice melted, it dropped, cracking the bumper. The Paint is also cheap. My one good kudo is the cargo space. I use this van for car-camps when I drive long-distance on weekends to attend road races, and crashing in the back with the seats stowed away is great. I wish I could love this vehicle, though. It's so ugly.
I purchased a 2008 Grand Caravan SE in February. I took it on its first road trip over Easter. The comfort was great but the road noise was horrid. You have to have the radio at the #16 volume to hear it. This could have been improved for a few dollars more by Chrysler. The gas mileage is awful! With gas over $3/gallon and maybe $4 by summer it will cost me over $300.00/month (another car payment). Chrysler could have built a more efficient engine than this one. If this keeps up, I will be forced to get rid of it this year. I have two kids which require car seats so unfortunately, I need something bigger than a car. Can anyone give me some gas savings tips.
We leased this vehicle in anticipation of buying something similar. I spent 3000 miles in it over 1 week and overall have a favorable opinion. The engine had adequate power and the van handled well. There was a little more wind noise that I would have liked and it made listening to the poor quality radio difficult (suggest upgrading from the base radio). The gas mileage was OK for a vehicle this size and in this category. I averaged about 22mph with about 80% of the driving interstate. I did not like the keyless entry. Everytime you locked the doors the horn beeped and the lights blinked. I am sure I annoyed a few people at the motel when we arrived about 11pm.
I'm enjoying my Caravan a lot - my kids love it too. I find it very comfortable, the performance is good (though the gas mileage isn't great), and it gives a very good feel for the road. I do wish some of the interior materials looked a little better - it does look cheap in some spots. But it has an unbelievable amount of storage space.
First off i have the 2008 sxt with the 3.3LT flex feul system. I love the new body style its fun to drive and very comfortable. It's great for our family of 5 and the entertainment center is a must have. Now the bad, we recently passed 2000km mark and it is already been towed to the dealership. The power steering has failed as noted by the huge puddle of power steering fluid on the ground in front of my house and the fact the tow truck driver saying this was his 6th Caravan in the last 4 weeks with the same problem. I'm also having issues with the windshield washer fluid low light not coming on. 
Only driven about 1000 miles so far I love the my gig, though I am just getting used to the operation. The drive is solid, with solid steering and decent brakes. I did get the 4.0 engine, and compared to the 3.8, it was well worth it. very easy to pass on the highway, and sporty in town, more than any minivan has the right to. Some of the electronic automation (tri zone temp) is not yet intuitive, but is becoming less obtrusive, (who reads the manual anyway?) Only problem we had so far was the my gig would cut out over every bump in the road. Easy fix-loose fuse. A lot of storage space, loads of floor space. So far, I am glad I purchased this over the competition.
Drove this vehicle for over a week. 2006 Odyssey was in the body shop. Observations: The Good: Decent acceleration, quiet ride on highway, easy parking maneuverability. The Bad: Severe oversteer on highway, unstable above 50 mph. Heating controls hard to use, knobs very small. Fit and finish of body and interior poor. Rear wiper too small. Steering wheel controls for radio on back of steering wheel. The Ugly: From the rear the van looks like a box truck. Too much black plastic on exterior. Latches flimsy. Interior styling-dash ugly, seat material feels like vinyl. Plastic, plastic everywhere. Grey interior many different shades, front pillar covering white! Was glad to get my Odyssey back.
We have had the 2008 Grand Caravan for about 2 months now. This is our 4th Grand Caravan and by far the best one. I love the 4.0. Puts out plenty of power. The duel entertainment system has been a god send while traveling with our three kids. 
Came from a 2005 Town & Country to the SXT. Yes, it has many extras, but you need to have a masters degree in engineering to figure out the VES system. The features like heating/cooling way too complicated to operate, whatever happened to simple on/off and for the DVD, point the remote and go, you have to set channels, set modes, enough already. My kids have better plastic than what is used for the interior. I just got it and am counting down the days on the lease when I can return it. If you are used to using rear view mirrors, etc when backing up, keep doing so, the backup camera is not all it's cracked up to be
My initial review of the van we just took delivery of. I will update this as time goes on... First off, this is one substantial "mini"van. Its big, inside and out. Its quiet on the road, the 4.0L engine puts out plenty of grunt when coupled with the 6 speed auto transmission. The ability to manually shift the transmission might have some actual uses out there, but for me, its just there to make dad feel like he's driving something a bit more sporty. There are so many features available for this van its impossible to list in this space, however, we got every feature we could except the 9 speaker system and power fold rear seat. 
I had my first SXT for 48 hours before the transmission line house blew off and then after that was fixed, the car had starting problems. The dealer gave me a new one, another SXT with the same options. The entertainment DVD, headphone thing is WAY too complicated, the remote, at least after the first two tries, doesn't seem like it works. Yes, a lot of options, but also a lot of headaches. The plastic around the steering wheel looks very cheap, like a kid put it on. I think my Town and Country was slightly better. 
It was either this or a Honda Odyssey, it had more bells and whistles, so I purchased it. happy so far, nice standard features, see below for improvements though and time will tell of its quality and relability. Drive it and compare to a Honda if you want a minivan.
My reference point is my previous 2006 Town & Country. The 2008 Dodge Caravan certainly includes lots of nice features I didn't have in my previous van. Such as the dual DVD system, shades on second and third row windows (optional) and a more ergonomic interior, in general. So far my major complaint is about the quality of the assembly/manufacturing of the body panels. I had a huge gap between the panels of the driver's side doors and the front door (driver's side) has to be slamed or it won't close. After three visits to the dealer the problem has not been fully fixed. The latch system has been replaced and several adjustments have been made. The gap is gone but I still have to slam the door
Previously drove a 2004 Grand Caravan and this car blows its doors off. Terrific improvements in almost every aspect and I can't say enough how much I've enjoyed this car in the first few weeks of ownership. Tons of compliments from everyone who sees it and we had the choice between the 2008 Grand caravan and the 2007 Odyssey LX (for about the same price) and to us it was no contest. 4.0 engine is a nice upgrade and they made the ride much more car-like (and quieter) compared to our prior Caravan. 
Fourth Chrysler product. Intrepid, 300M Pacifica and now the Grand Caravan. Only the 300M was better, as it is a car and meant for comfort and style. Grand Caravan is a joy to drive. Backup camera, ambiant lighting, all interior doors side lighting and stow and go are great features. CD/radio great sound and easy to download CDs. Did not get video system, no small children anymore. Bluetooth makes cell phone calling and answering easy and you do not have to hold a phone in your hand, thus driving safely. Fantastic vehicle
First minivan and love it have owned suvs and cars. This is the best vehicle so far. Great with backseat TV for the kids
This is our first Dodge Caravan, previously owned three Chrysler T&C. Local dealer only sells Dodge. We wanted the stow-n-go seats which suits our constant hauling items to our kids who live out of state, all three in three different states. After unloading we simply fold up seats to haul parents and child seats. We are very happy with the new exterior styling and interior creature comforts - heated seats, adjustable pedals, rear camera, second windows that open! Very comfortable for highway driving.
Present mileage just shy of 4000. Gas mileage city 15 and 24 highway. Best ride of any mini-van I have driven. Wish I had paid a few dollars more and got the SXT. Traded in a 2007 Mercury Milan that I really liked, but this mini is a whole lot more vehicle and gets almost the same gas mileage
At first glance, it's a lot of van for the money. I was most impressed with the Entertainment option. However, I had the van for 3 days and returned it. In 3 days of driving, the 3rd row video screen stopped working 2x, the pass sliding door would not close 5x (closed, then opened), overhead console rattles, remote for the DVD didn't work, music copy function didn't work on the radio, and the exterior panels are not even. Look at the gap between the hood and fenders. This van has a lot of nice features - a lot of features that will keep you coming in for service of intermittent problems Also, the van w swivel seats is not crash test rated, but others are 5 star. HMMMM
This car was such a good and cool car, I love it. I have a big family and this car fits my family just right. Wow this car is such a good car. I the seats have such a great design and my kids can play cards and be happy on longs trip because of the great room. This car is the only car that i have had fits all my groceries in. I am writing this review about this car because it is as awesome car, very safe, and with the lifetime warranty, I love this car it will last.
This is our first minivan and our first Chrysler/Dodge vehicle. We had looked at the other makes and models and found that the Dodge Caravan and it's counterpart are by far the best minivans around. Very sharp vehicle. I have had it only one week and absolutely love it! We have two small children with a third on the way, and it is very comfortable and fun to drive. (SXT, 4.0L 255 hp, 28N package with NAV) Awesome! My next car will likely be a Chrysler product - They have thoroughly impressed me. I went from a Volvo S60R to a minivan, and I don't miss my Volvo sports car at all! I never thought that a minivan could be fun.
Just bought this van and I am impressed already. This redesigned 08 looks sharp and has all the features you could want without the mark-ups you get from Honda and the other guys. We got the 28N package which puts you into the 4.0L V- 6 at 255hp (Plenty of power on the highway plus more than all of the competition). Inside is great with two DVD screens and the swivel and go seating. Power doors and lift gate make this grocery getter easy to love. Dads don't worry about the minivan stigma because this thing looks and drives great.
This is a very sharp minivan. I've had it for a week so far and my wife and I love it! I?m not impressed too much with the acceleration too much when passing, but the engine still has to break in. I researched the 0 to60 for this van and it was over 10sec
I bought a 2008 certified pre-owned Dodge Magnum SXT (silver/black) three months ago and love it. I needed space for a part-time business (photography) and did not want an SUV/crossover. This vehicle drives like a car and has more space and style then any mid-sized SUV on the road. The '08's are relatively rare as they have a redesigned front facia as well as interior (higher-end soft touch plastics, nicer center console, etc.). If you can find a CPO SXT with low miles for a reasonable price- grab it! I searched for 3 months and stole mine; it had 16K miles on it and I bought for $12,800. I plan on keeping this as a second car for years to come. 
i own a dodge magnum and there's no words to explained the performance and handling on this beast is incredible. One of the best cars dodge ever built. 
I read every review about the Magnum I could find before buying it as I was concerned about how the AWD would perform and if the 6 cyl was enough power. I live in NY but found the car in Iowa since they didn't make many '08's trying to find a loaded SXT AWD was difficult. I am thrilled I bought this car. The AWD works great in the snow and the 3.5 engine moves the car around very well. I am more pleased with the car and the performance then I expected to be. Right now these cars are a great buy and I highly recommend it. Don't be afraid of going with the 3.5 V6, it handles the weight of the car fine, it does not feel underpowered. Blinds spots are not that bad either.
Being 6'4" tall, interior room is very important. I've had the Magnum since February, and at first was worried about the 2.7 L V6, but having driven it to the east coast, over the mountains, was surprised with the power of the car. Extremely quiet ride, nice stereo system. Absolutely zero build problems, no mechanical problems with the car at all. Have to join the chorus that is sorry that they are not building this car any more, really love it. Traded in a 1995 Dodge Spirit with 120K miles, this car is a whole different ride altogether. Also considered Cadillac DTS and Buick Lucerne, Magnum has a better quieter ride and is roomier.
I love my Magnum. I think it is a great bargain and a well thought out design. It even surprises me its an American car. I've had 2 BMW's and this is way better than both of those cars. I only wish the gas mileage is better. My AWD gets a little thirsty on fuel but at least I recognize its partially due to my driving style. The interior and ride are comfortable and natural and I am surprised by how much "stuff" I've been able to carry in this vehicle. Its a shame they stopped making them. Hopefully they'll figure it out and bring it back.
I went to the dealership thinking I wanted to charger. I started looking at the Magnums, but I did not like the headlights. I went home and was reading a magazine that the 2008 model will be the last year, but will come with a completely new front end. The 08 front end looks better than the Charger or the 300. I ordered one immediately. This is the coolest looking car I have ever owned. It is built well, rides great, and performs great! I usually get a new car every year because I put on about 50k a year, but I think I will keep this one at least 2 years. This will probably be a classic as only one year for the new design and the last year, with few made! Absolutely awesome car!
What a tragedy that they are canceling this car. Awesome power and soundtrack from the exhaust. Fantastic ride and classic hot-rod looks. Good but not great fuel economy but it's a big V-8 so one does not buy this car for the mileage. I ride about 30 mi on 95 every day to work and can't keep it under 90! Comfortable and easy to drive fast. Love the MyGig radio even though it is a little confusing to use at times. Parts of the interior are a little cheap but it is a Dodge. Not a fan of the Auto-stick trans, doesn't work great. Otherwise a classic, pick one up before they're all gone!!!! Boo-hiss to Chrysler for dropping the axe on it.
I bought this vehicle looking for something that could haul my equipment and have the heart of a sports car. Man! does it ever haul. The car is roomy too. Gas mileage is not so great, but the car makes up for it in raw power! I am thoroughly impressed with the SRT8. No one even sees me coming, sleek and fast. 
Dodge fires the car instead of the people that didn't figure out how to package and market a Fantastic car. I found a rare 29R package with the performance exhaust, seats, wheels, etc. My last two cars were a BMW 5 series and an M3. The Magnum is the best car I have ever owned period! Well controlled ride, quite inside, seats are incredibly comfortable, very powerful and smooth engine and moves the car effortlessly and will do about anything you want, plus in highway driving on my first tank of gas I got 25.6 mi per gallon. Crossovers, the Magnum blows you out of the water. The Magnum does everything better and for less money. What else do you want. I never thought I would own a Dodge WOW!!!
I wanted a sporty, powerful, low CG car, able to pull a small trailer, and haul lots of stuff. This was the only one under $50K. I recently completed a 4000 mi roadtrip and it was great.... very comfortable (I'm 6'4"), and it didn't even downshift going up mountain passes. The lifetime powertrain warranty & multidisplacement engine were big pluses. The high intensity headlights are great; turn night into day. I think the interior is ugly; 5 different colors... bad try at a retro look, but I'm getting over it. The visibility isn't good, and made worse by heavy window tinting. The trailer package didn't come with a hitch or wiring. The my gig system works well; great sound.
I thought I would not like the base Magnum SE with the 2.7L engine, I was wrong. The base engine has plenty of power for my needs. Have you mind, if you're in it for power, then go for the 3.5 or the HEMI. My whole reason for buying is, comfort and gas mileage. I strongly believe that the Magnum SE for me is the best bang for the buck. It's a lot more comfortable than than the Charger SE. One other thing, it comes with a lifetime powertrain. So what if the motor or trans goes out while you own it, just get it replaced for free. Go test drive the 2.7L and you'll be surprised.
I'm writing this just to express my anger that Chrysler will stop producing this excellent vehicle. Great perfomer, has place for 5 tall people + luggage. Only minus is the fuel economy - in the city. All distances that I drive in a normal day are 3-6 miles with 5-10 traffic lights. Avg: 13 MPG. Highway - over 24 MPG. 
We bought our nitro new and has been flawless after 10 months. Have found no flaws in the paint and interior. I use 4x4 for snow. The seats are very comfortable. We average 20mpg overall mileage after 9000 miles. The sunroof chrome clad 17 inch wheels, red paint really gets noticed. It has plenty of power and rides good for a 4x4. It is a solid suv at a good price. 
I bought a nitro 2 wheel drive RT loaded with tow package. I really like it, it drives good, controls are convenient. It is stylish, bright blue, I get good comments all the time.The only had to have a couple little things fixed. Gas mileage around town is only like 18-20 though. It pulls the boat fine. You can use 87 octane.A/C works great. I can find out temperature, gas mileage, etc. on display
I recently purchased a Dodge Nitro and so far I love it. It's MPG isn't great but it is a SUV, what do you expect? The look is awesome, great interior space, so many features, smooth and quiet ride, fun to drive. It can comfortably seat big men. The interior material is perfectly fine. For the price, it is worth every penny in my opinion. 
We bought the R/T model with every option that you can get in one, except it didnt have a security system in it which makes no sense. From pretty much day one we have had nothing but problems with it. The A/C didnt work properly the first 4 months we owned it, Check engine light has come on numerous times, took it in they say nothing is wrong, passenger seat squeaks, parking brake dont work at all, rear windshield wiper breaks going through the car wash, now with only 26,500 miles on it the main computer (PCM) has to be replaced. Been in the shop for a week and part is still not in! Would recommend never buying one of these!
So I've had this for about 2 weeks and am in love with it. I love the design and about everything in it as well. Anyways I don't have to worry about the small car hazards anymore. The roll-over factor of this suv is high and the gas mileage isn't great but those are the only two things I can find I don't like about it!
I drive, a lot! I spend about an hour a day if not more in my car so I really wanted something I could rely on and like. I LOVE my nitro!! It's super cute and just what I needed. I chose between this, the Pontiac G6, and the Ford Mustang. Yeah, a wide variety. I got this because of all the room!! I can take my 2 Labs everywhere with me and they ride comfortably. There are a couple things I would change but for the most part I absolutely LOVE it! It hasn't given me any problems yet (knock on wood) and I've put almost 17K miles on it in 7 months! If you get one, give in and get the sound system. I didn't and wish I would have!
After reading a lot of negative reviews from auto journalists about the Nitro, and reading positive comments from owners, I bought a 2008 RT for a very good price. Yes, the ride is a little bit choppy in the RT version, but I do like a firm suspension. I also love the interior of the RT, look and feels so much more superior than the base models. Fuel economy is okay so long I'm easy with my foot. However, my gas mileage is horrible when I step on it and release all its power. I'm not too crazy about the square look of the vehicle, than again it has a lot of room inside. Bottom line, I love this vehicle so far.
After I test drove one my wife & I were hooked. Gas mileage overall. average 22 mpg and highway 25, pretty good for a 4,000 lb. + vehicle. Drove a Ford Escape & Exolorer, didn't like the Escape and the Explorer was $10,000 more.
This is the best purchase I've made in a while. Everything about this vehicle is awesome, from the spacious cab design, the ultra-modern door handles, the default sound system, comfortable seats (I didn't get the 6-way adjustable, heated ones but I'll bet they're sweet!) and excellent maneuverability and steering control. It's an all around excellent SUV. It even gets good gas mileage, considering what it is. In fact, the only thing I might consider changing is a swap of the location of AC/heat control and the radio. But that's minor and still up for debate. If you want a new SUV, you want the Nitro!
My boyfriend bought me the Nitro for Christmas and we both love it! I don't think the gas mileage is bad at all being an SUV. The looks are great, very tough looking. The ride is very comfortable not hard like a truck. We also have the nice suspension, power sunroof and 20" chrome wheels along with all other options we could purchase. We get looks everywhere we go. I recommend anyone considering the Nitro to be ready to buy it because, you're gonna love it!
This vehicle is overall very nice and a great ride. I love the sort of retro rugged look, compared to the typical frying pan looking Japanese and German cars. 
I had my Nitro R/T for over a month. I average 15 miles a gallon. I really enjoy driving my suv. I feel for the money I paid the interior would have more luxury items. Love the bluetooth feature through the radio, leather seats aren't too bad, heated seats are great. Only the driver seat is power, passenger seat isn't. Nitro R/T has 260 hp and great on the pick up.
I traded in my 2005 Dodge Grand Caravan for this SUV. I did not want such a large vehicle now that my little ones are getting older they need less stuff to tote around, I test drove Grand Cherokees, Dodge Darango, the new Journeys and the Equinox, nothing could compare to the exterior and interior appeal of the Nitro, especially when it came to price. I really thought I wanted a new Cherokee, until I sat in one for $32,000 and there was nothing in it! But for $9,000 less I got everything I wanted except DVD. 
I bought Nitro on its look and power, didn't know about the poor driver's side view mirror visibility. It could have killed me the other day. and secondly its 4WD doesn't work, i got stuck for about 3 hours on a small piece of sand people laughed a lot. Ali
One of the best cars we have owned. Great ride, a little hard, but very good none the less. Having just completed a 3300 mile trip and averaging over 23.4 miles per gallon was surprising. Granted we drove the speed limit using our cruise control and air conditioning only when necessary but performance was excellent. Long stretches of driving under these conditions on the interstate resulted in over 25 MPG. Rode a little stiff and driver seat a little firm for my liking but only minor problem compared to all of the other excellent features of this vehicle. Dodge has a winner in my opinion. Hope they don't decide to discontinue the model in the near future.
Got the diesel version for outside the US market (I live in Chile, South America). Great car, beautiful, nice equipped, good interior and exterior nice. Not a single noise inside and I drive at least 10 miles a day on unpaved roads as I live in the farm. Great on mud and tried it on sand. The diesel engine is incredible. Fast and silent. Not a single problem. May be a little soft suspension, but that's good when you need it to drive on highways, as it feel as a tall car. Good rear seats space. I had many cars, including Grand Cherokees, Mercedes, etc., and this is different and great. I enjoy to drive it every day. 
I have over eleven thou on my Dodge Nitro, am very pleased with it after I took care of the things to do, I get 22 mpg in town if I stay out of it, performance is as good as most v8's, snappy,handles like a dream, Have your dealer put nitrogen in tires, retune the computer, align front end to zero, keep upkeep up & drive like you want to keep it for 15 years, my overall average is 26 combined driving city and open road.
I really enjoy my Dodge Nitro, it handles really well, and is very good on gas, better mileage than I initially thought it would be. This is based because I have owned 4x4 Jeeps and Suzuki's. My family of four enjoy riding around together and feel very safe and comfortable in this vehicle. There is nothing bad that I can think of at this time to say about my Dodge Nitro. 
I have leased 2 Jeep Grand Cherokees, a Dodge Durango, a Jeep Wrangler Rubicon and now a Dodge Nitro. By far, the Dodge Nitro is my absolute favorite hands down! The Dodge Nitro is such a pleasure to drive and a head turner to boot! The overall performance is so impressive for an SUV, I would recommend this vehicle to anyone. The price point on the Nitro is far less than what you would expect to pay for such quality. Thank you to Chrysler for designing such an awesome machine! 
We really enjoy our Nitro, it handles really well, and is very good on gas, the seats are comfortable. There is nothing bad I can say about the Nitro, one of our friends is looking into one for a family car, and a car she feels safe in, and she feels safe in our Nitro. 
I purchased my brilliant silver Nitro 2 weeks ago. Thus far I have no complaints. This vehicle is turning heads. I traded in a Honda Element for this suv. I was skeptical because I never owned a Dodge before and some of the customer reviews were not very impressive. However, I am pleased with my decision thus far. The gas mileage is better than expected too. 
I love this machine! The only thing I have to say is it could be better on gas, but I my total miles back and forth to work is only 6 miles a day. The reviews are not that great in C.R. but I must say I don't agree with a lot of the test reviews! The style inside and out is great and I think it handles very well. ( keep up the good work Dodge)
I am very impressed with the overall feel and build quality if this SUV. It has a good blend of sport and utility. Drives well on both pavement and dirt roads. So far I am averaging 17 MPG. 
I have over 10K miles on my Nitro. It has been into service twice because parking brake doesn't hold. Returned to me without fix, service tech said it is "self adjusting" and would self adjust if I came to full stop when in reverse and before shifting into drive. Have been doing this but no resolution to problem. Also, when reversing from parked mode it will freeze not reverse until I punch the gas pedal (safe, eh?). Service tech said because brake pads (disks?) stick together when I apply parking brake after driving due to hot metal and told me not to use the parking brake if I don't like the phenomenon. WHAT! Owner's manual says to always use parking brake! Final note: gas mileage sucks.
The dodge Nitro is my first car, the exterior is awesome. I would like more of a luxury feel on the inside something like the "Ford Edge", but for the price... This is a nice SUV, but it is very terrible on gas. This baby runs me about $60-$65.00 a week "light travel". DO NOT let the gas tank get below half full, you're going to have to shell out so much money to fill her up. Gas prices are steadily rising and I would NOT suggest anyone get this car unless you can really afford $350- $400 a month on gas. Its not ideal for a college student or anyone on a budget. 
I've only had my truck for 3 months and at first was very excited and loved my truck until the transmission started to give out a brand new vehicle took back to dealer been without my truck for 3 wks only to find out now that the parts that is needed to repair it is on Nationwide back order what's up with that!
You can actually see the fuel gauge move in this vehicle. I have owned vehicles in most all styles & from all different car companies over the past 40+ years. Up until I got this nitro with the 3.7 v-6, I have always loved Chrysler products. I was even a loyal Chrysler man back in the 1970's/ when "build quality" was just a word in the dictionary at Chrysler. Overall I am unhappy w/ this vehicle. I should have gotten the hemi, as it could not drink any more gas than this 3.7 does. This vehicle get the worse fuel economy of any of any vehicle that I have ever owned or driven. The 3.7 is also low on power, if you intend to make a pass, you better plan ahead & allow lots of room.
I got this vehicle as a rental for a couple of weeks, it was practically new with only 2000 miles and I had a good chance to evaluate its features so here is my opinion to be shared with you, potential Nitro buyer. EXTERIOR: Good looking mid-size SUV. Its external design is appealing and it has the look of a tough all terrain SUV able to handle anything, I have to admit that from any angle it looks good and tall. INTERIOR: Well distributed space, not high quality finishing but OK. I'm 6'2" and I had no space problems, leg room was OK for driver and passengers. I feature I loved is that you can fold down all the seats creating a large cargo space for what you may need. They tried to max
This thing is 70 percent a Jeep. It feels and handles like a Jeep, with all these truck-like, rugged characteristics. If you want a SUV that handles like a Porsche, this is definitely not your car. But it handles quite well and predictably. I feel very safe in this car, riding in this solid box of steel "above" the normal traffic. There is plenty of passenger room (esp. legroom for second row passengers) and a lot (!) of cargo space with the seats folded down. It tows heavy loads with ease. The 4 wheel drive is very simple (can only be used on slippery surfaces and with low speed)but works extremely well in heavy snow or muddy roads. The interior practical, not fancy. 
I purchased my 2008 Nitro in December. I went from the GMC Envoy to the Nitro and I'm loving the Nitro. Road handling is great and the interior is very comfortable, I love the two-tone color of the seats, I wish there was a vortex engine to give the Nitro more power. I haven't put mine on the road yet, but I can't wait to take my first out of town trip.
We moved to very snowy southwest Colorado and realized we needed a SUV that was comfortable and rugged. After test driving the Ford Escape, Jeep Libery and Kia Sportage we drove the 2008 Dodge Nitro. The Nitro had the best look, most cabin room and best ride of everything we tested. Since our purchase we've had 3 major snow storms and the Nitro has been absolutly awesome getting through the deep snow. We've also taken the Nitro on a couple of long road trips and the ride is smooth and comfortable and I love the sound of the engine when you put the pedal to the metal.
I've only had mine four days but I'm in love with this vehicle. Initially was looking at other comparable SUV's and didn't even consider the Nitro until I saw one and then that's all I wanted. I have the inferno red and it's loaded with everything from the sunroof to the 20" chrome wheels and better suspension which are an option on the SLT. I love the very dark tinted windows in the back half. It's been a head turner so far and think I made a very good choice. Can't comment on gas as I'm still on my first tank but it drives great and has decent power. Outstanding price for what you get. 
This is an absolutely fantastic car! It is going to be a classic. I do not care what experts say it is a best value for money purchase in its class. If you do not want an egg for your car, if you want your car to be spacious, big enough for a five persons family but not too big, and quite adequate in every aspect, this is the car you should be looking for. 
1st new car for myself and love it. It looks rough and rugged. Body style and the ride is what hooked me along with the price. Smooth ride, nice radio, great sun roof. Plenty of room in the back for storage. Goes like butter on the beach. 
I love my new Nitro! I got the Nitro in the Red, it is very eye-catching and handles really well. Plus it is quiet, much quieter than my 2001 Honda Odyssey. I wanted to get away from the minivan now that my kids are getting older but really didn't want a car or big SUV so this was an excellent compromise! I am looking forward to seeing how it handles in our winter weather. Would recommend this car to anyone. The only complaint I have is that the gas mileage isn't the greatest, but I am hoping this corrects itself as the car gets more "broken in". Love the looks, have gotten many comments already, and my stepsons would love to drive it for me 
I read the review by the customer that is obviously disgruntled, and couldn't disagree more! I've worked in the automotive industry for years, and can't recommend the Nitro strongly enough. The only detractor that can readily be noticed is the fuel economy; the 3.7L engine has my mileage at about 17 mpg (city). A little excessive if you ask me, but the rest of the car more than makes up for that. The Nitro is unbelievably stable for a vehicle its size. I own the 4 X 4, and found it to be great in snow. While evryone else was sliding, I was right on track. The styling right on the money, too. In short, you can't go wrong with this vehicle! 
My wife wanted a Jeep so I test drove everything they had and bought the Nitro instead, The reason I gave this such a good rating is based on its price compared to everything else in its category. It is not the fastest nor most powerful thing I test drove but it was 7000 less than the next competitor and had much better performance per dollar and was so much more fun to drive than the super soft inadequate feeling suspension on the grandma grocery getter Jeeps I drove.
I tested both the 3.7 and the 4 liter engines and found that the 4 liter was a rocketship compared to the 3.7 engine. I purchased the 4 liter. The R/T package will also get you 20 inch wheels and a sports turned suspension. The R/T version handles as well as my Audi A4 in tight corners with this package and I am amazed at the quickness of this SUV. Very little lean. Fuel economy is rated at 21 miles per gallon and with only 350 miles, I am getting 18.2mpg. The interior fits my style and is very confortable. The slide and go storage is great for anyone with a sore back getting items out of the rear end. Built in GPS, subwoofer, bluetooth and 20 gig hard drive with Ipod plug in. I am happy.
I've had my 2008 Nitro for 2 months now and I love it. I do a lot of driving ( 8300 miles already) and this just makes it fun. I like the look of it, mine is dark blue and I like the way it handles and the way it looks.
5000kms on my 08 Nitro R/T and if I given the choice I would do it again. Fuel economy improves with every tank, styling is unique in a sea of rolling eggs. Infinity stereo is awesome, slide and go storage is great. While cross shopping this vehicle I wound the imports to be thousands more for less performance. 2 thumbs up.
I've only got 3200 miles on the clock, but the 4.0 V-6 is starting to get broken in, and really quick. I love the all-black exterior with black leather seats. Handling seems a little top-heavy with a fairly quick tendency toward oversteer. Not bad, just not a sports car!
Car looks good but that is all! Poor Interior, low grade plastic, no room in front seat, glove box too low and so so material on seats. Side mirror way too large. Poor Gas mileage. Bumpy ride and so so handling. Door locks take to long to lock after entering. Needs auto running lights. Manuevring is like using a tank.
I have recently purchased the 2008 Nitro and I have to say it was a great purchase for me. This SUV is a great buy and I'm not sure why there are so many compliants about the handling. I think it handles great.
Nice all around. Great braking. Decent ride. Handles well, better then what's been reported. Great value for the dollar
I bought this truck and did a couple of minor updates. The biggest issue I've had was that the front brakes locked up 3 times after a long trip. The guy at the Stealership told me that he couldn't find anything wrong? Too which I replied "that must explain the melted calipers and brakes shims lol". They performed a repair and so far so good. I have alignment problems, but I did lift the front 2.5 inches to get more of an aggressive look. Nice truck! It's my second so lets see if it holds up like the first.
This is my second Dodge truck. Last one was good, so got another. This one has a Hemi/Auto trans/LSD diff. Truck is good fun to drive, with some upgrades: 180 degree T-stat, cold air intake, exhaust, and Diablo tuner- performance 93 octane tune(also turns off that nasty MDS, didn't get a Hemi for gas milage?). Have changed all oil fluids over to Mobil-1, and added PML covers on trans/diff, they add fluid capaicity. Truck goes like stink. But i will stick to severe maintance schedule and change fluids twice as much as normal, the stealership gets enoungh of my money. So far - so good. Garry.
Picked up a 6 cyl. Reg Cab for only $13,500. Have already had a few issues with it, spitting up gas when filling up and shaking between 60-65mph. The shaking has all but gone away on it's own, the spitting up gas was fixed by the dealer replacing the entire gas tank. Overall, not a bad truck. It gets terrible gas mileage but you know that going into it. It also rides a little rough but that's just a truck I guess. Also, if power is important to you, don't get the 6 cyl. engine. It's ok just cruising around, but sometimes lack power when going uphill or when passing.
So far I owned brand new, a 1996 ram, 2001ram, 2006ram, and now 2008 ram big horn. By far the best truck on the road. Comfortable ride, as well as nice and quiet. Has the MDS system in it which saves gas, although it can use it when you lay on it for the fun. The big Hemi 345 hp engine is great. I am really pleased with this big bad boy of a truck. And very tough to. As well as being great in winter weather. 4x4 is a plus. Works great and has a lifetime powertrain warranty.Seating is confy, but can be tight in the back for long legs. Otherwise, there is no other truck you can add to that makes this beast sound like it does. 
I have owned my 2008 Dodge Ram 5.7L HEMI for about 8 months. I have about 10k miles on the truck and just love it. The power of the HEMI V8 is amazing, it doesn't even feel like you are dirving a truck. I put a flomaster 40 series and elminated the resignators and the sound is amazing, nice and low. The towing capacity of this truck is tops too. I got the Big Horn edition which has the 20' wheels, it's a great package that completes the truck. I have taken my RAM off road many times and it handles great, food ground clearance and great power for moving up and down the rock beds. Also fun in the mud. Great overall truck, and I got mine for half price, about 22k off the sticker. 
I traded an identical 2004 for the 2008 Hemi because of the drive train guarantee. I signed a paper saying the vehicle had 12 miles on the odometer. I signed another paper without noticing that the mileage was recorded as 3030. I called the dealer to inquire about this and was told they could put as many as 5000 miles on demonstrators and still sell them as new. I asked if they had changed the oil at 3000 and was told to bring it in and they would change the oil. I asked about a small dent in the rear bumper and was surprised when I was told that I may have gotten bumped at Krogers or Walmart when they had put 3030 miles on it and I had put less than 300. Steering had to be replaced.
Truck seems to drive fine however while cruising on the highway in slighly hilly area, the truck goes back into a passing gear as if it is stuggling for power. Louisiana is relatively flat land at that. Perhaps something is wrong with the transmission? Been like that since it was new.
In general my Big Horn is a nice truck. I probably should have gone with leather seats as they seemed to be a bit more comfortable. Pretty quite at 75 mph on the interstate. The gas consumption is brutal but hey, it's a truck!
I bought a 2008 1500 SLT Quad Cab Big Horn Edition 4x4 near the end on Jan. I couldn't beat the price and it looks great. The truck runs great but I screwed up when I bought this truck since it has the On-Demand 4x4 system. I warn you all do not buy a truck with these system it WILL go out and dodge has not found a fix yet. I like the truck but hate the 4wd system. It has went out 3 times in the last month. I have not went off road with the truck at all but with this system as soon as you use it a few times it will not engage the 4wd at all or it will lock in low side and not come out. I hope that dodge finds a fix soon or they will be buying back a lot of trucks due to the lemon laws.
Since purchase, the cab vibrates at 57 mph or higher. The dealer says it's in the design of the truck, and that the engine downshifts from 8 to 4 cylinders. The manager, who drove it and said it's as good as any '08 he's driven, says that I should expect a truck to have this ride-that I'm unreasonable. The tires have been rotated and re-balanced, but no improvement. If this ride is "within specifications", then my Fords must have been defective, because my Crew Cabs rode great. Any ideas anyone?
Bought this basic truck two months ago. Have enjoyed driving it for this short period of time. Wanted a big truck with all of the amenities that came with it, got exactly what I wanted for a great price!
I owned a 2002 Ram 1500 4X4 SLT before and loved it. The 2008 road much smoother, had more power and with the MDS, got better gas mileage. I love the truck, I love driving in the New England snow...and it has been a bad year for snow this winter. Can't wait to get it out on the sandy beaches. The gas mileage has held true, if I keep my foot off the accelerator. It's hard, because it is too much fun. It wants to break loose on the salted/sanded roads...so you have to take it easy. It turns a lot of heads too. I get a lot of looks and comments. 
First vehicle I ever bought. Family has always owned Dodge with no problems. I have owned the vehicle for 7 mo and has been in the shop 7 times (mainly due to unreliable technicians). I have a squeek in the dash and passanger door that just wont go away. Recenly the bed of the pickup is offset from the passanger compartment. Also, after 2 hrs of driving the MDS doesn't know what to do (vehicle is constantly surging with the flucuating RPM's).
This is the 5th Ram I have owned and I hate it. I gave up my '05 for the '08 because I heard so much about the Multi Displacement System and how much better the fuel mileage would be. The mileage is worse than any of my previous Rams with the old 360. The rpm's constantly go up and down while cruising down the road due to the MDS constantly activating and deactivating. Every time I call a dealer and tell of the problem, they always say something is definitely wrong with it, but then after they waste several hours of my time, they say the computer doesn't show anything wrong so everything must be normal. The seats also stink compared to the '05.
Get truck so far, I love the feel, very comfortable ride with plenty of power in the pedal. Around town gas mileage so far is between 15.5 & 16.4 but I keep my foot out of it too. The 310HP V8 is really nice to have when you need to get out into traffic in a hurry, general set up/layout of the interior is good, exterior goes without saying! Awesome. Hope this review helps, so far the best truck I have every owned and I have had them all in the past.
I ordered a top of the line Ram 1500 Laramie, quad cab, with electronic transfercase, dvd, gps etc. When I went to use the all wheel drive function, the transfer motor burned out,which then burned out the TIPM board, Which you need to start the vehicle. I have been to the shop 4 times,spanning 70 + days and 3 dealerships in two states. Dodge can't fix it. There are 12 other owners that I know of, same problem. Dodge has totally ignored us. I have called, emailed, certified mail etc. The customer assistance line said on 5 different occasions that I would receive a call within 2 days,and each time the deadline passes and guess what. No call. Its been a total whoopdee do. 
I've always owned Dodge trucks and this is by far the best one I've owned to date. The Hemi is an incredible engine that puts out plenty of power for towing/hauling. The lifetime powertrain warranty is also a nice thing to have. So far the truck has run amazing. The U-Connect system makes making and receiving calls easy. The styling of the truck is aggressive and clean. I get decent gas mileage 14mpg on average with aggressive street and highway driving. OVerall its the best truck for the money out there. 
This truck has it all and then some. This thing looks great and I always get compliments. I have only had the truck for a short month but im greatly impressed. The 4.7,8cyl delivers enough power to tow everything I need to tow and it handles suprisingly well for a four dour.
Wanted reg cab w/SB and Hemi for towing and drove a new 2009 with the improved 4.7 and drove the last 2008 with a 5.7 Hemi. The 2009 was smoother over bumps but didn't measure up to the Hemi when stepping on the gas. I was trading in a 2006 Quad Cab Dakota Sport w/4.7. Bed was too short. Both trucks could turn on a dime! The 4.7 will haul once it gets going but the Hemi got it hands down. It has 20" wheels which I didn't want with the 302 Rear but that combo gives me 1100 lbs tow capacity.
This truck has been great but a few issues. Dodge is the only product our family had bought for 30 years. I had loads of problems with my chrysler and traded for a new ram. I love everything about it looks, power everything. But at 5000 miles I started having problems with fueling up the truck and it would spit up 2 cups of fuel going slow or fast. Dodge is replacing the gas tank. But they say its back ordered. My power windows and stereo started cutting out. Again dodge is repairing the problem but 3 week back order. Other than that it's great.
Recently bought the Big Horn edition. Was a little gun shy about buying a Dodge have always been a Ford guy so far seems like a good buy. The only issue so far is the rear end seems a little light seems to hydroplane easier then it should. Truck came with Goodyear HP's so I know it's not cheap tires. If anyone has an idea what may be the cause please remark. Overall we like our Ram truck!
Great truck! Turns surprisingly well for a large pickup. Plenty of power when towing my camper (5000 lbs) or when the bed is loaded. 4wd gripping is great. Went up an unpaved, icy, 300 foot driveway at about a 25% to 30% grade without slipping at all.
After owning a 2000 Ram and now a 2008 Ram Quad Cab, I wouldn't own any other truck. I've never had any significant problems with the Ram. It's very dependable and tough. The quad cab is very comfortable for adults in the front and the back seat. The 5.7 Hemi is an awesome motor. It has plenty of power and the exhaust has a nice rumble to it. The Ram looks intimidating on the road with its huge chrome grille and 20 inch wheels. The ride is smooth for a truck and feels very solid. The anti spin rear differential provides great traction. I am very happy with my new Ram. 
This was my full-size truck purchase. The overall appearance of the Ram and its power clinched the deal for me. After test driving all the competition, this truck blew them away. The ride comfort is vey good for a truck and the interior is very roomy. With the MDS feature, I routinely get 20 MPG on highay driving. Can't wait to try it out in the snow.
Every place I take it, I get the nice ride look or nod. Love the rear floading seats and storage. Please it has a Hemi. Sweet power and sounds great with the aid of flowmaster exhaust. If you don't have one, get one. If you have one, you know what I mean. 
New off the lot in Sept 08. 4X4 shift on the fly, auto trans, Lone Star package (20 inch rims, Goodyear HP tires, power seats, Etc.) 2000 miles to date. I reached 21 MPG on the highway at 65 MPH after I installed the K&N air filter. Not too bad for a 4X4 with 310 HP. Actual fuel mileage is 14 with a 30/70 mix of city and highway. Traded my 07 Reg cab Chevy Work truck, could not be happier. Never thought I would be a Dodge Man. 
This truck is a real good buy. It rides great, handles great. Plenty of room inside. My daughter has a grooming shop and it is perfect for transporting dogs to various destinations. The six cylinder has got plenty of power. I am very proud to own this vehicle. I've had other trucks, GMC, a Ford nothing as nice as this Ram.
5,000 miles in approx. 1 month. 6 cylinder, auto, no frills, manual windows, vinyl floors, seats. Roomy, added Work Rack and boxes. Felt engine lacked power, downshifted too often on inclines. Added K&N air filter. Big improvement. Better mileage, too. Good truck. Comfortable. 
Traded in a 2005 Chevy Malibu.Actually drove a Doge Ram reg cab(2007)this past May when my Malibu was in for warranty work at the Chevy dealer. Did NOT like it at first, drove the Ram for the day and walked away subconsciously impressed. I started looking at the Ram more and more. Then came the sale price, 10 grand in rebates, lifetime powertrain warranty to boot. Went to the dealer and took a close look, checked the quad cab out, and purchased the next day. And Lovin IT! Thanks to the NO pressure folks at Swift Dodge in Davis, CA. I actually left the lot on a Saturday evening to think about the purchase, NO hassles at all. Smooth transaction at the dealer, great dealer! AWJ
I bought this as a secondary vehicle to replace my diesel truck. I won't lie and say it's a powerhouse, but the 6 cyl does belt out some decent power for a full sized truck. The 6 speed is a great match. Fuel economy is pretty close to 18 mpg consistently around town, and I've seen 22 on a recent road trip. Best part about this truck is I paid $10K for it. Was sitting on the lot for quite some time, along with the huge incentives dodge is offering. So I won't sit here and tell you it's the greatest truck ever made, but I will say my 6'2" build is extremely comfortable, plenty of storage behind the seats, and it still tows my mid sized boat with relative ease. 
I reluctantly purchased a 6 cylinder 2008 Ram Quad with an automatic trans. I have been pleasantly surprised. Even on long trips through the mountains, it did fairly well. Fuel economy has averaged 21 MPG, much better than my Fords (16.5) and competitive with my Chevys (22). However this powertrain is not meant for aggressive drivers. It is not terribly slow, but patience is required.
I have had my truck for a couple of months, I have always admired the look of the dodge trucks, so I took the chance and purchased one, my concern was if the 4.7 L engine had enough power to tow my 6k 27ft travel trailer up these Colorado mountain passes, truck tow this camper with no problem, more power for towing than I thought, my wife thinks it towed better than our silverado did, and I would agree, great truck lots of great comments for strangers, neighbors, and all my Navy co workers. If you are thinking about a truck this is the one room for a family of 4 with a golden retriever.
I have only owned the car for about a month now, but I love it. I came from a Mini Cooper. Obviously a big step up in size and less fuel economy. But I love my Ram. The Hemi pulls extremely hard. I opted for the Big Horn package and the 20" rims give the truck a little more height. Overall its a great truck. Let just hope it stays that way! 
Just bought this truck. I get about 15 mpg on the 85 flex fuel. With 85 being $1 cheaper than the cheapest 87 octane, the gas mileage is the same that I was getting overall with my old SUV (about 20 mpg). It's a beauty, smooth ride, and we love it. Can fit 3 car seats (toddler/infant) in the back seats and 3 adults upfront. 
Purchased the 08 4.7/6 speed manual quad cab with a trx4 off road package less than a month ago. Have 1400 kilometers on her now with no issues. I could have got a 5.7 hemi automatic for the same price but preferred the feel of the 4.7 with the 6 speed manual. I recommend it to anyone who likes to drive...
I've owned my ram big horn for about two months and it's an amazing piece of machinery. I've had no problems and it is the funnest drive ever! Performance of a sports car power of an 8 wheeler. ;D
It has been 4 years since I had my Hemi Rumblebee. I have been driving a 2005 Lincoln Towncar since 2006. I was having too much trouble hauling things in the trunk so with my GE Partner, Military discounts and the other rebates from Dodge, I got the fever to get a truck. I have not quite seen 2 weeks since I purchased my 2008 "Big Horn" Edition Ram 1500 Quad 4x2. So far I love it. Just hit 400 miles today. The Nerf bars are a must have if you have the 20" wheels. Very cold A/C nice ergonomic features in general.
I've had it for a couple months now and it's been great! Sole purpose of getting the truck, is to tow our Toy Hauler. I am towing about 8400 lbs fully loaded and the 5.7 L HEMI has no problem! I installed a pair of Timbrens in the rear which helps a lot when towing. For the engine, I installed an aftermarket air intake/Gibson exhaust/JET Chip and recently, a throttle body spacer which has made a difference in MPG, I get a few more miles. Overall, I would recommend this truck to all that want a truck that can tow/haul or if you just want the most torque in it's class. 
I have wind noise on the drivers side only. The dealership has replaced the door seals and adjusted the door. No improvement. They told me that I would just have to live with the problem because all the 1500 have the problem. I have trouble believing that. Does anyone else have the problem? Love everything else about the truck. My second Dodge Ram and maybe the last from this dealer.
After 18 years and the price of diesel going through the roof, I purchased a new 4wd 1500 Laramie loaded. The truck arrived right on time and the dealer gave me the ttx rail tracking numbers to follow my truck from the plant to the showroom. With just under 10,000 miles, I have had no problems with the exception of a after market item which produced a squeak which was quickly fixed. As a 20 year person going back to a gas was tough but with this hemi oh what a ride. Smooth riding, excellent handling, corners great on pavement or gravel. If you keep your foot out of it, and shut off the od in mountains and traffic the mpg improves. Verdict I'm glad I got a dodge hemi.
I love my truck I've own this truck 10 month and have no problem with the truck, only thing I didn't get the lift time, bought the truck and two weeks later they came out with the lift time warranty, can't beat a Dodge truck. I own Chevy and Ford, nothing like a Dodge!
Fell in love with the look at the last auto show and bought one. In less than 3 months it has been in the shop 3 times for electrical issues. They keep swapping out parts but I expect more from a new truck that lists for 40 grand. Very disappointed with the problems I have been having.
I have never owned a new vehicle. I purchased a new car for my wife in February, and went to look at a truck for my brother at the dealership. They asked me if I wanted to trade my wife's old suv in. I told them what I wanted, and they had it on the lot. I cannot say enough about this truck. I love the six cylinder engine. I love the rubber/vinyl floors and vinyl seats. I got the one with regular hubcaps, no chrome wheels, and no chrome on truck. This truck is silver, and draws more questions and attention than the trucks that are tricked out with everything. I could not have ordered one and gotten it as close to what I wanted. Sticker was $24,000.00 after rebates, it was in high teens. 
I bought my truck 2 months ago and have already put 6000 miles on it! The truck drives and rides great. I love the "uconect" bluetooth divice. The seats are very comfortable. The 4.7 seems to be a bit underpowered when I pull my 6000 lbs trailer. The dashboard is very made very cheap k-mart plastic. I am researching how to install the OEM center console for a Laramie into my truck 
My truck is not listed. I ordered a Ram 1500 SLT regular cab with the 5.7 Hemi, 4-wheel drive, 17? aluminum wheels and long bed. I have owned the truck for one month and so far so good. It?s a blast to drive, the Hemi has all the power you expected, backed up with the 5-speed transmission and there you go. Especially with the lifetime power- train warranty. Gas mileage is not to bad for a big heavy truck. Handling is tight she feels good on the road. The interior space is well appointed and large, behind the seats they utilized the space by installing a large plastic storage bin, that runs the entire width of the cab, it?s deep enough to carry a suit case, briefcase or groceries bags.
Edmunds did not have my configuration as an option. I bought the 2008 Hemi qual cab Big Horn edition. I traded in a 2007 dakota 6 cyl. The power difference is astounding. I could have lived without the upgrade to the Hemi before I bought it. Now I LOVE THE HEMI. Even though I don't drive very fast (usually), it's good to know that the power is there. The mileage isn't very different from what I got with the dakota. The 20" rims & tires are gorgeous. The truck sits up fairly high. Came with Mopar sidesteps. Plenty of chrome. I've added mud flaps and a cover for the bed. The bed is soooo much larger than the dakota. This really is a great truck. Now I see what all the hype is for.
Bought truck new, after about 200 miles I started feeling a vibration in the whole truck. I took it back to the dealer and they told me they have had complaints with other 1500s, did not know how to fix the problem. Waiting for a response from Chrysler which has not come yet. very dissatisfied and sick
I have the truck for about a year and a half now and I am very happy with it. It pulls anything I throw on the trailer with no problem. I put 3,000 lbs of granite tiles on the bed, the truck was down on the floor but i took it 40 miles away with now problem. It takes the abuse, the Hemi is worth the money. 
Great all around truck with plenty of power coming from the revamped Flex Fuel 4.7L coupled to a flawless 5 spd automatic. Interior very well designed and built with plenty of room to boot. Town MPG is very good for a V8.
I've had the truck for a couple of weeks now and love it. The new 4.7 liter engine has plenty of power for my needs. The only negative I have is that I wish mpg was a little better in the city. But it is a truck so what do you expect. On the highway I've gotten between 18 and 20 crusing around 65 so that's not too bad. It seems pretty solid to me and is probably the best buy for the money. 
Here it is folks. I run my trucks in the service industry. I've had Fords, Chevys, and Dodge trucks. I annualy put on 18000 miles per yr on gravel/26000 hwy . If you want reliability(hands down)buy a Dodge diesel. Interior appointments OK but not as nice as Chevys. If you want a nice hiway truck, buy a diesel (expect nickle and dime repairs over 60000 miles lots of them) if you work this truck. Great tranny and motor though. Fords hum. To each his own but I cannot see me purchasing another Ford in the near future. 
I recently purchased a bare bones work truck for a third vehicle. I have owned about every diffent model of truck in the last 20 years and I have to say I am very pleased with this truck. Dodge has managed to build a simple, very well built work truck that at an acceptional value. The six- speed manual allows for optimum power out of the six cylinder motor and provides good economy. I have averaged approximely 19 mpg round about and over 23 mpg on the highway. To describe this vehicle in a few short words; good price, quiet at high speeds, plenty of power, great fuel economy for a full size truck. 
I just got this truck last month but so far, I am very impressed. This is my 7th truck and my first Dodoge. It is roomy, comfortable and although stiff, I like the ride. (It feels solid like a truck should) Off road in low 4wd, it is a hoss. On the highway in 2wd, it drives very well and is very quiet.
Great driving truck with secure feel on the road. The interior is as confortable as possible, without leather. 20 inch wheels give it height and attitude. Hemi feels good under the foot and brakes stop it on a dime.
I purchsed the Dodge during a snow storm and thought I would have to drive very carefully on my way home but with the ESP (electronic stability System), it was almost impossible to get the wheels to break loose. My kids fight over the front seat because of the heated seat feature. I really like the styling and you can't beat the power. 
I just bought my 08 Ram 4.7 Reg Cab after all owning a GMC crew cab. I have to say this is a great truck. It was nice to see a small V8 have awesome power. Dodge took the 4.7 up to 310HP and in a reg cab with 20's and a five speed Auto this truck can get. The funny thing is I did not know the HP was that nor did my salesman or the dealership. I found it online afterword here in Edmunds. So listen up Dodge you need to Advertise the new power and help out your sales. If you are looking for a new truck but do not want to break the bank. Go buy a new Ram 4.7 with 310HP. I got mine for less than $21000 loaded. It is a great truck and a blast to drive. Get a flowmaster and intake and it comes alive.
I bought the new 2008 Ram Quad Cab 4x4 with the Hemi. It's a great truck to drive and very fast! On the highway we are getting 18 MPG, not bad since the truck only has 1200 miles as I write this. Great truck!
I purchased truck in oct.2008 run good first 10000 miles started having problems after that. Check engine light on and off was told to drive with engine brake on all the time.Still going on and off was told to much oil in engine had oil changed.Told to let drain for 15 min.than add oil lube place did that. Still to much oil in engine.Now they are telling me there is fuel in oil crank-case. I am not a mechanic but how does the fuel get in the oil
I have had nothing but trouble with the fuel system I contacted Dodge and they know of the problems but refuse to fix them I was told I could watch a dvd if I had any questions the problem arose with the blue tech after I bought the truck (with all blue techs) to fix it you have to dive 45 min for 45 mph w/o going under 45 mph and under 2000 rpm every week this with give you the truck terrible mpg and wear and tear on the truck for no reason I tell everyone I know do not buy Dodge because if something goes wrong it's your fault for buying their product if you don't have the time to waste 1 1/2 hours a weeks for no reason at all buy a Ford or Chevy look into it for yourself call any Dodge dealer
I'm back with the second installment... I still love this truck... Wanted to comment on check engine light issues, my dealer worked w/ Chrysler & Cummins and had a couple of fixes... the other thing I observed is even though I'm driving a 6.7l w/ 6A, shift it manually... also run with exhaust brake on at all times... I have know driven 20000+ miles w/ no engine light coming on... a little effort while driving & no issues... With a buddies truck, I demonstrated... Lug it - the check engine light comes on - don't lug, no issues... Keep the revs a little higher the exhaust brake on and it'll be as clean as a whistle... Keep on trucking...
I like the power of my Hemi. Turning is great compared to my old F250. Has 100 more horsepower and weighs 1000lbs less than the ford. The tire pressure light stay on unless you run 80LBS of air in the tires. Tows my 5th wheel with ease and with the long bed I have room for my across the bed tool box and still have room for my hitch. Plenty of room for turning the trailer when parking. With the HD option you have trouble lowering the rear end to the overloads. I haven't enjoyed driving a pickup as much in a long time. If you need a work truck for a decent price and fuel mileage it is a hard truck to beat. The only thing would change is go with upgraded interior and better paint.
Poor towing, will not pull 5300 lbs trailer weight. Shifted 191 times in 140 miles. Fuel mileage 5 mile to the gallon. Dodge refuses to fix truck. I have owned over 40 new trucks..Dodge tells me I do not know how to drive one. This truck is a 2500HD 4 wheel drive Hemi. The worst truck I have ever owned. I am going back to Chevrolet. I even went to the Better Business Bureau to get this truck fixed with no success. Dodge refuses to fix the truck. They say there is nothing wrong with it. Which is a big lie. 
 I bought this truck, my 2500 dodge with the 6.7 in it on Feb 2008. It has been in the dealers shop 11 times now and is in there as we speak. I have turned it over to my lawyer with the lemon law and are waiting to see what the court is going to do with them going bankrupt. Truck runs great when I slam the fuel to it. But it jerkes all the time no matter what the speed. I just wish the dealers would get some real mechanics and not part changers. I am a Diesel Mechanic myself. The dealer has replaced the turbo and many, many sencers,they do not know what to do. Plus the factory does not help at all. Getting around 15-16 MPG. I did get 17 onces but I was going 45 MPH in Yellowstone Park!!!
I had a check engine the 2nd. week of purchase; and they haven't quit. I am now waiting for a new and improved turbo, jacob brake,what ever you call it, burned up the first one. Old turbo had been cleaned and reassembled, reset light, and regenerated, to only come back on again! I wish that I had my 05 5.9 back! I was told to drive with turbo on always until the new one comes in. I am pissed off about all of the trips to dealer. I was suckered into buying the "free" 3000 mile oil changes. Not anymore! They can shove their oil changes! Some mech. wallowed my cooling fins flat and to top it off I was 2(two)quarts over the full line! I am investigating the Lemon laws in Oregon.
Bought a Dodge Ram 2500 with 6.7l Cummins... Love the drive line... Front suspension issues - had to replace 4 ball joints & 2 front shocks at 18000 miles... mostly highway driving. (and I'm not plowing snow w/ this truck) While the rest of the truck seems bullit proof, I have concerns about the longevity of the front end on this 4 x 4 truck... 
So far have to say, I don't think I will be driving another gas truck. I love my new dodge ram 2500 crew cab 6.7L diesel. Runs great right off the lot, tons of power. I can't wait to hook up my trailer and head for the mountains. No "break in" period...kid in a candy store!
I bought this truck with a lot of of forethought. I have 50+ on this truck with only 1 significant problem (steering linkage) replaced and upgraded no problem. Yes the check engine light comes on when my wife drives it around town too much so I take it out on the highway and get on it ,no problems have come from it so far yes its annoying but the trucks positives outweigh it so far. Good mpg 18 all around. Did great 4x4 through death valley and 395 through a blizzard. Love the excellent brakes. Still have a good 50+ left on the front and more on the rear. I may not have as many problems with the soot in sensor issue due to the manual tranny which allows me to do the thinking not the computer .
I have had this truck for 6,000 miles and now on my 3rd oil change. I just got it back from the dealer because of of exhaust build up and they had to change out the turbo and the sensors. A service person gave me the lemon law paperwork and told me to keep a copy of all of the work orders and they would see me in a few weeks to fix it again. Not what I wanted to hear after just getting a new truck.
This is the best truck I have ever owned. I have driven many many different trucks and I tell you without a shadow of a doubt this one takes the cake. It comes stock with an exhaust brake. It has plenty of room and more get up and go the it's earlier form the 5.9L. I was messing around with my cousin and we did a pull off with my truck vs his Ford and I drug him through the mud no problem. I love the best in class exterior design. no brick in the wind action like the Chevys. And the best of the best I can pull my 15,000lb trailer (even though it's not recomended) and still get 18mpg.
I bought the new 6.7 liter Cummins. What a piece of junk. My truck has not run properly since I purchased it. I have had it in 6 times because of 02 sensors sooting, turbo charger sooting, turbo replacement, 02 sensor replacement, replacement of map sensor, replacement of barometer sensor and now to top it off my truck smokes like a chimney at random. Do not buy the new Cummins 6.7! Chrysler deserves to go bankrupt and out of business permanently!
This Dodge has been so amazing. I use to own a Chevy that always broke down. It's nice to know I finally have a truck I can rely on. It pulls my 5 horse slant trailer with leaving quarters with complete ease. I love my Dodge!
I've had my new Ram for 1,200 miles and so far no problems. I've towed a tandem trailer with ease and the ride has been very acceptable. The seats are firm but comfortable. Love the storage behind the seats. The stereo sounds wonderful. I average 13.7mpg with trailer and 14.9 without. Lots of hills to traverse. The exhaust brake is fabulous. Run it all the time. So long as you get the truck out on the open road at freeway speed for 45 minutes periodically, the emission system will regen. It's a better and safer system than Ford or Chevy which uses diesel fuel to burn the particulates off. Their fuel mileage suffers for it. Look what happened to Ford and the famous flame out the tailpipe incident
Like most Dodge diesel owners this is my fourth diesel. I love the truck but I can see the emissions sensors are going to be a downfall. Mine never leaves home without pulling a trailer and it made it to 17,000 miles before the check engine light came on. The dealer said you can't just put around town with it and that I needed to work the truck. If 80 mph down the interstate with a 36' 3 axle trailer isn't working it I don't know what is. I have seen the Toyota prototype diesel and it looks good. If Dodge doesn't take care of its customers the customers won't take care of Dodge. 
The new Cummins 6.7 L is a hoss. Mega power and torque. Emissions equip is a problem. What I have learned after 3 trips to dealer - don't lug the engine, keep the rpm in the 1,800-2,200 range (easy to do with the thumb shift on the stalk), don't let it idle for long periods (why would you want to with current diesel prices), if you putt around town, periodically take it out on hwy and run it hard, use the engine brake, even when not towing (this also helps save your brake pads), no problems since I made these adjustments, hope this helps. Previous post is accurate in that it drives like a 1/2 ton, nimble. On hwy at 65-70 mph - 22-24 mpg believe it or not, city 16, towing hwy 16, city 13.
I have owned three (3) Dodge Cummins diesel trucks. Until the 2008, I never had a problem with them and worked them all hard. This 2008 with the EPA emissions is a total nightmare. The O2 sensor has been replaced and/or cleaned five (5) times and still corrodes up about every 1,200 miles. My attitude is "If it's not broken, don't fix it!". Why Dodge took a great performing vehicle and screwed it up is a mystery to me. Diesel's have always smoked a little and the environment has never been the worst for it. I'm sure there have been complaints that have driven the EPA to place restrictions on diesel emission, but come on America, don't we have more important things to fix? Leave trucks alone!
Just bought my dream truck, after 14 years of waiting. The truck was priced cheaper in dollar terms, than what it would have cost me to purchase in 1998, when I commissioned in the Army (30k v. 33k). Glad I got the 6.7, it has been great, so far (averaging 19 mpg, lots of HP and torque). A little bit less miles per gallon than the 5.9, but with a few upgrades (Royal Purple synthetic oil increased 1-2 mpg, and hoping Banks air kit increases another 2 mpg), hoping to catch the 5.9. Also, went with quad-cab SB, not mega, as turn radius and parking were so much better. Lots of power, and manual transmission and jake brake novelty haven't worn off (4000 miles on truck). 
Bought this vehicle new, it is my 5th diesel. Just dropped it off third time dealing with engine hesitation. Finally got a straight answer from service tech. Stating that the 6.7 diesel has had major problems after 12,000 plus miles. Define major? Well my truck is having soot build up in the exhaust and to fix the problem it is costing Dodge $5000.00 to the factory, $10,000 to the end user if it wasn't under warranty. They don't idle well at all. In Dodge's rush to get this to the market they screwed up. I was reassured that it has a 100,000 mile warranty. Wow that makes me feel great I Wonder what the resale value will be on this once word gets out. What's lower than free?
Have owned the truck for 2+ months so far and love it! Have the 6.7 L Cummins Turbo Diesel. With only 3500 miles so far I was getting 18-19 Hwy Mpg on a recent vacation trip. I expect to do much better once the engine is broken in. The exhaust brake is awesome and a big help when pulling a trailer in mountainous terrain. MegaCab provides roomy comfort for the entire family. Four Wheel drive in the sand at Cape Hatteras was no problem at all. I found that the slightly stiffer ride on the road really paid off when the wheels left the pavement. It handled the bumps off road with ease and gave excellent off road performance. btw - The stiffer ride goes away with a trailer or payload too. 
With 8 check engine lights and a diesel exhaust odor that comes from the vents with the AC/Heater on when the truck comes top a stop. A total of nine trips to the dealer for repairs. I would not advise any one to purchase a Dodge Ram with the new 6.7 Liter Cummins Engine. I now have to hire a lawyer(Lemon Law) to have this truck bought back because Chrysler will not work with me on a vehicle swap. Other than that its a good truck, fun to drive and built solid. But how Chrysler has treated me after owning 4 other Dodge trucks. I will be going to buy a GM truck after this one is bought back.
My wife and I just got back from a 10 year anniversary trip to Kauai, Hawaii and were put into a 2008 Toyota Corolla rental car. First we were surprised by the fuel efficiency but when we returned home to our 2008 Dodge Ram hemi we realized that there was no comparison in the overall value. The comfort and utility was such a contrast to what we had rented that we both were very grateful we had made the right decision for our active family of four. Everywhere we drive we get nods of approval and our truck has gotten us safely through rugged Lake Tahoe winters and roads that the little Corolla couldn?t dream of. 
This too is my 6th Dodge truck and second turbo diesel in last 15 years. I trade a perfectly good 2005 2500 Diesel 4WD truck for this one for one reason, THE SPACE IN THE BACK SEAT. And I haven't been disappointed in that area, megacab is awesome. But this is the only good thing about this truck. I have had nothing but problems with the "check engine" sensor going off constantly. I have put 18,000 miles on this truck in 6 months and in that time I have had it in service at least 12 times for the same thing. An O2 sensor had to be replaced before I ever took it off lot. I have also had numerous service calls on the tire inflation sensor. Could be great truck. Anyone else having this?
The truck would be great if the new emissions regulations would not be causing so much trouble. Second time in 4 months the turbo needs replacing and seems every other month having to have it cleaned. When pulling a load shifts very hard. Also, since having trouble with the emissions, was told by dealership had to run with exhaust brake so now have to turn that on every time start the truck, should be automatic.
This is my 5th Dodge truck, and 2nd diesel. The driveablity of this truck is fantastic, power is awesome, comfort is great for a HD truck. Haven't towed too much with it yet, but it does well there with plenty of power. The Major Letdown of this truck is the fuel economy. I get 10 around town and 13 on the highway at 75 MPH. And this is with the 3.73 gears. Other 6.7 owners I know have had the same experience. 
I bought the 2008 Dodge 2500 with the 6.7 Cummins Diesel. After test driving the Chevy and Ford the decision on what type of truck to buy was easy. Dodge all the way! I tow a 27' boat that weighs 9500 lbs and it tows with ease. The mega cab is a must. What a difference, especially if you have passengers. The gas mileage is decent and keeps improving. I would suggest this vehicle to anyone who wants to buy a truck,
Only 2500 miles on this truck so far, so things may change. Very quiet for a diesel, very powerful and turbo spools very quickly. Ride quality poor relative to competitors, still is pretty quiet. 6-Speed manual is not very smooth shifting, and takes a while to get used to. Interior design pretty good in my eyes, not a lot of wasted space and the rear fold-flat floor a great idea. So far fuel mileage is not great (14 mpg) but I've been pulling a light (4,000 lbs) trailer for half of the mileage. The Cummins engine is what sold me on this truck and I hope it proves to be a good decision. he Ford may be a worthy competitor though.
I recently took delivery of my truck and am very pleased with the vehicle. I have took the truck on 2 snowmobiling trips towing a 2400lb trailer.I was towing in a horrible storm and the truck drove perfectly. I replaced my 2005 Nissan Titan with this vehicle and this truck is so much superior to what I had. Towing, power, comfort, reliability. The diesel engine is even quieter than the titan gas motor. The ride is suprisingly good for a 3/4 ton,due to the long wheelbase. The transmission shifts smoothly. So far it has been reliable with no factory defects. Time will tell. Much happier with this truck and think buy American is where it's at in Truckland. 
I just took delivery on a 2008 SLT 4X4 2500 with auto and 6.7L Diesel. What a truck! This vehicle handles like a 1/2 ton but the ride is a bit tighter. I went from a 2002 Toyota Tundra TRD 2WD access cab. I like the quad cab door arrangement as I always felt that the suicide style doors of the rear Tundra were worthless in parking lot when your right next to another car. This Dodge actually turns better (turning radius) than the Tundra but parking is still a slight challenge. The long bed or Mega cab with the longer wheel base would be much worse. The engine has power to spare and mileage on freeway at 65 is 21 - 22mpg with 100 miles on car...around town is not so good...12 - 15 mpg.
I have the new 6.7-Liter Cummins turbo diesel engine equipped with the six speed automatic transmission. I have to say that durability is very important to me. This truck has a ton of power, and has been reliable, even starting at -6 with no problem at all. The transmission shifts gears smoothly, never searching for the right gear as some others do. I would recommend this truck to anyone who is looking for a reliable truck that rides really smooth for a heavy duty  truck.
I am very happy with my new truck. Owned the 2000 1500 4X4 and put 135,000 on it with only a water pump break down but it was not enough truck to haul 2 horses. This truck sure is, I didn't realize what a difference the bigger truck would be. I have the gas engine and it is currently getting 18 mpg on the freeway same as the 1500. Towing I get about 13 mpg. Lots of get up and go with the trailer when I need it. Still getting used to the new interior design, trying to figure where to put things like sunglasses,storage under back seats is better than previous design. Ford friends say my mpg will decrease dramatically at about 60000 hope they are wrong and just looking for something to pick at.
Love this truck. Replaced a 2004 hemi 1500 and love this truck. Only bought because loved teh 1500 so much. Love the CTD and so smooth. getting around 15mpg city and bit more like 17-18mpg hwy and should increase like any broken in CTD.. Love the leather heated seats and sunroof. Paid a lot less then any Ford or Chevy and the power blows them away.
My truck has a 6.7 liter Diesel, which is very thirsty. I get 11.5 - 13 mpg, even with the tailgate down. I hate to say it, but my '06 Hummer H2 does better than this! I did have a '99 Dodge 5.9 Cummins which averaged 18 mpg on each tank, long trips 21 - 24 mpg were normal. Besides economy, this thing has immense power, I have 35 inch tires on it and the torque abounds. I hope this tranny can handle the power better than the '99s. I will definitely upgrade to leather seats, the copilot complains there is no heat and limited adjustments on the right side. All the storage compartments are great & make good use of unused voids. Style beats Chevy & Ford. No problems with vibrations.
I guess I've been lucky. I traded my '06 Dodge Ram 1500 Quad Cab on a '09 Dodge Ram Quad Cab. I was not impressed with the '09 at all! Talked myself into trading for a leftover '08 Dodge Ram Mega Cab with the 6.7 liter. (Planning on buying a 25' + boat or a 30' camper within the next year). I LOVE the room and as it's the 3rd diesel I've owned, I'm impressed with how quiet it is. Only has 3800k on it to date BUT I've had no problems. I've run 100mph wih it and it runs like a watch. I will admit, for a turbo diesel, the mileage stinks but according to the owners manual it should improve after 6k. Listen folkes, it's a heavy truck! Your NOT going to get 25mpg+ out of it, BUT tow,tow,tow!
Vehicle has been in the shop 8 times in 7 months. Check engine light has been on 5 different times and truck has what has become known as a "death wobble" which is likely a problem with the track bar. Problem with death wobble has occurred on 3 separate occasions about 1 month apart. It is a very severe but inconsistent problem with the steering when you hit a bump or dip in the road. The front of the truck and the steering wheel shake violently while the truck sways from side to side. It causes a serious loss of steering capability. Two different dealerships have been unable to correct the problem. Sharp looking truck, but would not recommend. 
The check engine light has been on for no obvious reason. Took it in to the dealer and they got light to go off. After about 5 miles down the road it come back on. The last couple times I had it up in the mountains, the emissions 90% full came on. I took it to a dealer they had it for 3 days but didn't work on the problem. They were more concerned with the recalls on it. I took it back up to the mountains again, same thing happened, 90% full. I pulled off the side of the road and an old farmer stopped by, he said to run it like a john deere tractor and I did,the emissions worked its way back down, and went off.
I have driven my truck approx 2900 miles and I am averaging 12.5 MPG without pulling a load. If I hook my 36 FT camper that weights 8500 lbs, I drop down between 7.5 and 9 MPG. I have to say that I am very disappointed in the mileage. Based on discussions with friends and strangers alike who own a Mega Cab dually, I bought this truck with the expecting 15-20 MPG regardless if I was pulling something or not. Hopefully some research can fix the poor gas mileage these trucks are getting. I did not have a problem with the power but the Cummings is not what it used to be. When you give it some gas to get the torque behind it, the gas mileage drops to nothing..
I am a drill sergeant in the US Army at Fort Leonard Wood MO. I love this truck. It tows great. It is comfortable and everyone loves it. The fuel will improve some after break in. Cummins is the way to go! Look at their track record. They are in iraq with power generating generators for US soldiers. They are in Kuwait, Africa, the army's choice in diesel power. If the army uses it, you and I know there is a reason, a long reputable reason. This truck will be with me until I put at least 500k miles on it. Ford made the faulty 6.0 powerstrokes, and Duramax has not put the time Cummins has in engines. Go and get a real Dodge working machine, for less. A US Army leader said so!
I was told this truck would get 20 mpg, wrong. On a good day it is 15. Don't believe the computer. It is much higher off the ground than my old truck so it makes getting things in and out the bed even harder. To date I have not had the reliability problems of others although it is often hard to sift into gear. Its towing is okay. The interior is poorly designed. During winter it is 4 wheel drive all the time otherwise skids. Chrysler went for power and appearance on this truck. I wish I had my 1996 back.
Our small company purchased this Dodge truck because we were told that it would have no problems hauling a trailer that weighed 20,000 pounds loaded. From the beginning we had problems with this truck. Within 600 miles the check engine light was on. The DPF didnt work right, the fuel filter had to be changed constatly or it would lose power. And finally, the bid one was the transmission. At about 70000 miles the transmission got so hot it burned the brake lines and caught on fire. So, the engine might be good for 500K miles and doing heavy work, but the rest of the truck is not! Think twice before buying one, or you will be very familiar with the waiting room at Dodge's mech shop!
I Have a 2008 3500 Mega Cab 4x4 SWR truck. I have had this truck for less than 2 months. I use this truck but treat it very well. My rear driveline came into contact with the ground (very gently and at less than 1 mile an hour), this is supposed to be a 4x4 Heavy Duty Truck, this is not, Dodge has put an aluminum driveline in this heavy duty truck that is so delicate that you can punch it and dent it. Ranchers, Cowboys and Cowgirls and Hunters BEWARE, this is no heavy duty truck. Dodge will not stand behind this issue and it will cost $850.00 to replace the driveline. That is right I have to replace the driveline with less than 4000 miles on a $50,000 truck. Not heavy duty at all! 
We purchased a 2008 6.7 Laramie. Now it only has 20,000 miles and it has been towed three times in 2 weeks. It shut itself off when Catalytic warning came on. My husband lost power brakes and steering doing HWY speeds. My hubby and 7 yr old were almost killed in the truck. We will never buy another Dodge truck again. We have went to a Lemon Law attorney who is suing Chrysler. Our linkage cable to shifter went out. DPF filter and whole exhaust had to be replaced, check engine light on. Although covered under warranty it was a $8,000+ fix not including labor. Had to have rental for 18 days We pray every day our truck will make it.
I loved this truck when I bought it, but I would never buy another one or recommend it to anyone. The truck has been in the shop more than 12 times for the engine light. We tried to file lemon law, but since it's different parts replaced each time it doesn't qualify. Buyer beware. Chrysler does not stand behind their product. This truck has caused our business to lose a lot of money in one year as we haul horses as a job. We have been left on the road and unable to meet our customers request. I will never buy another dodge vehicle. It's my understanding that many people have the same issue. Wake up Dodge!
We purchased this vehicle in Feb, 3 days after we bought it we were having to be towed, a hose broke and all the antifreeze ran out, got that repaired, check engine light came on, took in wire harness had to be replaced, 2 weeks later check engine light came on again, they had clean the EGR vlv and EGR Cooler, replace the particulate filter and do a mobile sute cleaning. exactly one month later, same thing, same repairs, one month later same thing same repairs. We only get MAYBE 14 mpg. If Chrysler doesn't do something about this truck they will see it in the middle of their show room floor SOON! From what I hear, this is a problem with all these trucks!
Wanted to wait to write a review until I had owned the pickup for awhile -- I now have 3,500 miles on it. Bought a Laramie Mega Cab 3500 SRW, and had it extended to a long bed by a company Utah. They did a good job! Overall very happy, except fuel mileage could be better. I use the truck to haul my 28 foot toy- hauler. Had to upgrade due to not having enough room for an infant in my last rig. The wife loves the bench seat, because our infant son can ride up front with us. I mainly use the truck for pulling, and have averaged 17 mpg empty, and 10 mpg towing, driving fairly conservatively. If you set the cruise on 80+mph empty, your mileage will be about 12-13mpg.
I bought this truck brand new in February 2008. This is my first diesel so I wanted a cummins. I pull a 40 foot fifth wheel camper trailer. About 2 months after I bought the truck I started having trouble with the particulate filter on the exhaust system. The dealer I took it to told me that I didn't do enough heavy pulling to keep the filter cleaned out. Not everybody buys a 1 ton to constantly pull something with. The truck gets pretty good mpg, averaging about 8 mpg loaded and about 16 empty. I am not at all impressed with the 6.7 as it has less than 32,000 miles and is currently in the shop for the 3rd time. I've had lots of issues with the exhaust and now having injectors replaced.
I have had my Dodge 6.7 dually for a year now. I pull a 40 ft gooseneck trailer everyday because i am a hotshot driver. I get 6-9 MPG depending on the load. Power is not near as good as the 5.9. Mine is in the shop right now for the 12th time and now they don't know what's wrong with it. My injectors already went out, wind noise is terrible and the motor light is always on. When I get it back I am going to see what they will give me on trade for a duramax. 6.7 is Junk!
Bought from Dave Smith (I think they're disorganized clowns) and had no troubles until I pulled one trailer (~5,000 lbs). Grinding noise in clutch. 5 star dealership replaced clutch assembly, but mis-installed some sensors, screwing up the DPF. 4 trips later, Chrysler finally took the time to fix it. Now, we are going through arbitration with Chrysler over the manual transmission in this vehicle, because it makes a horrible grinding noise (worse than any throw out bearing I've ever heard in my past 7 manual tranny vehicles). Chrysler won't fix it, told me I'm the first one to bring this problem up, but that it's normal (Chrysler's Star team). Chrsyler's service is second to all.
I'm really enjoying my 3500 Dually with the Resistol package. Read the manual, waited 1,000 to tow and it pulls my 3-horse 26 ft trailer like a dream. Tip out mirrors a must for towing. Exhaust break a little rough on the horses but it will whoa the truck down in a heartbeat. Only complaint so far is engine light goes on and off - apparently I don't drive it hard enough and the turbo is not able to work properly. Was told by the dealer to drive it like a race care - much to my wife's chagrin. Very comfortable. Ride a little stiff - it's a heavy duty truck so I expect that.
Had a 2003 2500 SLT 5.9 turbo diesel 21 mpg and went with the 2500 Laramie 6.7 diesel 16 mpg not to good for a diesel, be nice to have the shifter button on the steering wheel also with the exhaust brake. Overall the truck is very quiet. Laramie package is a must! Dodge make better cup holders. Improve fuel economy.
I haul drilling equipment the first 10k miles my truck was in the shop about 16 to 18 times same problem all the time check motor light running out of fuel to the motor under load I got tired of it Dodge offered to give me back $30,000 of the $50,000 I paid for the truck well that was bull, a friend of mine told me of a old diesel mechanic that had a fix for it so I went to see him i left my truck there for the day he told me I would have no warranty but I feel like I have no warranty any how when I came back he had a pile of junk on the floor that looked like cats tubing and hoses and he went in to my dash and killed the red light I now have 32k miles no problems and 23 mpg on the highway its fixed
I have only had my 6.7 diesel for a week but it has been back to the shop 4 times having fuel problems the motor light stays on on the dash and it feels like some one turns the gas valve off going up steep grades for about 2 seconds and then turns it back on I am going to give them one more try to fix it then they are going to get the truck back because I am getting tired of all this so far the best mileage I have got was 12 mpg empty with no trailer but that may be because of the problem that I am having it hard to tell hope they fix it this time
The whole idea behind having a diesel is that you get reasonable gas mileage while towing things. My old truck was a 1999 CTD 5.9 and I loved the motor. It towed things, got good gas mileage,"up to 23 mpg unloaded", it was very reliable, and I still got 16 while towing my boat or trailer. The 6.7 gets more like 15 mpg on average and drops to about 8-10 mpg when hauling things. What that means is that I cannot afford to drive this truck. I think that Dodge must have been associating a little too closely with the environmentalists. The old Cummins motor was an incredible piece of engineering, this new motor with it's clogged up exhaust and EGR junk is just a piece. 
I noticed that my '08 ram 3500 megacab seemed to have about half the power of my '05 3500 ram. giving it benifit of doubt because it only has 20K on it and they get stronger at 36K So far no problems used as commercial vehicle towing 30 foot goose neck. dodge has the most uncomfortable seats make with out question. engine brake should be on steering wheel not on dash. Not sure what idiot decided to put it on the dash. i would have preferred dodge leave the 5.9 in these trucks. It's bulletproof all the power in the world. the '08 is a a bluetech is a very clean burning diesel. My exhaust pipe is still as clean as if had never been started. Never smokes under any circumstance.
I upgraded from a 2006 2500 4x4 CTD 6 speed manual. The difference between these trucks is night and day. I feel the build quality has improved over the 06 Ram, interior materials seem to be better. The 08 Ram has a lot more power then the 06 and the exhaust brake is a nice feature.The leather seats are nicer and more comfortable then the cloth. Ride is actually softer in the 3500 then the 2500. The truck handles better as well. Cup holder still sucks. Wish they would improve it. Engine is very quiet, more quiet then a 07 Duramax. You cannot hear the engine at highway speeds, the wind noise is louder! Over all the truck is very quiet and refined. Laramie package is a must! 
I do a lot of heavy hauling 40 ft float with oilfield tools i cannot say how awesome the 5.9 liter 6 speed manual truck is it was in my opinion the best truck yet this new one seems to have a dead spot in the tranny foot goes to the floor sometimes without a downshift until its slows down 25 mph and it says it has more hp than the 5.9 but the tranny drags it down hard I own a 5.9 auto 05 and work truck is a 6.7 auto 07 I lined them up side by side and the 5.9 ran away from me same thing happened with a trailer even my mpg went down with the 6.7 i was getting 23 mpg hwy with the 5.9 and about 17 with 6.7 with almost 40,000 miles on it my word of advice find a 5.9 liter used with a manual tranny
We just got our truck last month and we love it. We upgraded from a 2500 hemi to the 3500 dualy with the mega cab and were amazed with the amount of room and power in the truck. The dualy was an unneccesary feature for us considering the most we ever tow is 8,000 pounds, but it is nice knowing that there's not much out there that you cant tow. The only reason I put an 8 on fuel economy is that it only has 1500 miles on it right now so it isnt broken in enough to get more than ten mpg. This truck is so much fun to drive and I've gotton so many compliments on it. It looks so good at night with all the lights on it.
This is my 4th Dodge(3rd dually) and they just keep getting better. I traded my 05 Dodge dually only because of the high milage and no extended warrenty. Being a female on the road a lot with horses, I need reliable transportation. The 6.7 Cummins has incredible power, the truck has a smoother handle, the interior is very roomy and comfortable. I love the reclining/folding back seats. Not to mention the fact that this truck turns heads everywhere I go. The diesel enginge is quieter, but still grunts "powerhouse". The exhaust brakes are awesome, although I only hauled 8000lbs which was probably too light for that feature. I can drive the Mega or the Porsche convertible. Sorry Porsche!
This is the third Dodge Ive owned. I traded in my 97. The 6.7 has lot more power than I expected, what a beast,and good mileage considering I'm pulling a 16,000 pound trailer, getting around 10 mpg. The room in the mega cab is outstanding, love it. Dodge you did good on this one, Thanks. 
I did a huge upgrade from a Toyota Tundra for the increased towing capacity for my new camper. I love the truck, the power, and especially the interior size. What a monster....won't even come close to fitting in my garage! This is my first American made truck and was a little discouraged with the cost of the "extras" Overall it is a great truck with more towing capacity than I will ever need. 
I Love my Edge! This is a wonderful winter vehicle for Montana. Heated leather is the best. I love the fact that it rides so smoothly and quietly even on some pretty bad roads. I haven't had any problems with it. This is a very great SUV. I looked at a lot of others but I felt the safest in this puppy. Great room for my sons car seat and stroller. Love you people from Ford. 
Plenty of power and does well in the N.E. winters. Vista roof is awesome along with the power rear gate. Not too many flaws in this puppy.
Very practical. Lots of compliments on looks in and out. Ride is a bit stiff with the 20" whl option. Could handle a bit better if your giving up a plush ride. Plenty of go but TERRIBLE mileage for a V6. How others on here get 23+mpg is beyond me when mine doesn't even get 22mpg with cruise on at 60mph on the highway. I get 15city/20highway regularly. Car is too heavy at 4300lbs but strangely the doors are too light and slam shut too easily. Had a problem known to ford with drivers side heat not getting as hot as the passengers. heater core replaced. fixed. Others on here complain about warm A/C but strangely mine is mind numbing COLD! I have to turn it down in 95 degree weather often.
I've only owned my edge for a couple months. I had a Hyundai elantra and wanted a bigger vehicle since I just had a little girl. I love the room in the edge. I was looking at a few suvs and most of them still looked just as crammed as my car did once I put the car seat in. This crossover has plenty of room for the car seat and plenty of cargo space for my stroller and anything else I might need to take along with me. Also love that it has ac vents in the back so I don't have to worry about my little girl burning up. It's very comfortable even in the back seats. Gas mileage could use some improvement though. I usually get about 22-24 on the highway and about 16-18 in the city. 
I love driving my edge. I traded in a Jetta for it to deal with the winters and I was tired of a manual transmission. I have now found out I am an SUV woman and will probably always be one. My edge was broken into once so the pass window was smashed in but that isn't a manufacturers defect. My cruise control did stop functioning but it was replaced under warranty. As for fuel mileage - I drive to quick to give an accurate answer. I love the stability and comfort I feel while driving my Edge vs. driving a Jetta which was low to the ground and a rough ride. LOVE LOVE LOVE MY EDGE!
We had our 2008 Edge limited just 11 months before it was totaled in a very bad car wreck. My wife got T- Boned at 65 mph, and walked away from the car with no broken bones. If you saw the accident scene, you would be surprised that anyone lived. I am 100% sold on the safety of this vehicle! It had a very comfortable ride and was fun to drive. There are 2 significant problems: A/C is VERY weak (especially in TX), and we have never gotten better than 16-17 mpg (even highway trips). The window sticker said 16-24 avg mpg. What a joke that is... With that being said, we are looking at buying another one!
I hit 50,000 and it seems like things are really deterioating with the Edge. I have had squeaky windows that have been repaired ($200) and now the accelerator wiring has to be replaced ($325). None of which is on warranty. I will not buy another Edge as a result and the rapirs make me wonder about Ford in general.
We purchased our Ford Edge in March 2008 after selling my car. We live in Wyoming where the winter weather can be a challange at times and we wanted something that had higher ground clearance and was AWD or 4WD. We took 2 weekends test driving every crossover vehicle on the market. We kept coming back to the Ford Edge. It is roomy, classy looking, AWD, we have 32,000 miles on it and are getting 23 MPG. I miss my little car's 30 MPG but Im not totally disappointed in my Edge's MPG wish it was getting 26-28 but 23 isn't real bad. 
We traded from a 2004 Ford Freestar Limited to this, WOW! We get 24-26 MPG mostly freeway miles, which is a huge improvement. We love the fact the kids can watch the DVD with headphones while we listen to tunes. SYNC is great with the hands free it just freaks you out the first time you get a call. Living in Wisconsin this drives great in the winter weather, snow, and ice storms. The memory seat set is great. It is a spendy car but you get a ton of options. 17K miles and no problems!
Driving has been a wonderful surprise. I had driven vans for 12 years and didn't feel like I traded away anything. It handles well and maneuvers like a champ around town and cruises the interstate highways.
I bought this car because it was cute and i wanted a small suv so i dodnt have to cram my stroller into a trunk anymore. Overall, I am pretty happy with it. I am a little disappointed because the carpet under the driver side has already pulled back and wire are showing, as well as the drivers seat underneath (my car only has 7k on it). The door rattles a little. There is no passenger handle to grab for assistance while getting in or for comfort while driving. There seems to be several blind spots. My biggest complaint is the ac. The vents only move down and you cant close them so you always have the air on you! my husband likes it cold so I am always uncomfortable when he drives
Purchased this car because they were offering buyers incentives. I got much much more then I expected. Great pickup and handling; smooth ride and safe secure feeling when riding in the vehicle. Although the brakes could feel better, in two separate emergency situations they stopped me very quickly and I averted a collision. 
Great Vehicle. Looks Great, Drives Great. No problems so far. Gas Mileage Stinks!
I said I would never buy a Ford again after many years ago having a bad experience with a Ford Dealer. After two Toyota Camrys(great car) I purchased a Ford Edge 2008 new. It has been a short time only 3 months and I am loving it. I test drove the Lexus Rx350, Nissan Murano and a few others. I agree with many others Ford has a winner. No car is perfect but if it lasts me for serveral years and runs great I will buy another one. Time will tell! I am keeping my fingers crossed! 
I felt compelled to buy an American car due to the current economic crises. This is my first Ford & I really liked the exterior design. The car drove good & overall the interior is comfortable & roomy. After 8 months of ownership, I wish I'd bought foreign. While I have had no major issues, I feel American cars are still behind in design & quality. The AC is pathetic. The driver side does not blow. This is a bad thing in Texas. I inquired @ the dealership I have my oil changed @, the service manager told me it was a design flaw & they had tons of complaints, but there was no fixes for the issue. Not what I wanted to hear. The dashboard gauges are hard to see in low lighting conditions.
never saw him Got T- Boned @40+ making a left on to nortbound Smokey Pt Drive, New car, back probs, leaving PT ( Back ) 5 pm Poor vis, low heavy clouds & Lt rain, Waited for BIG open spot in traffic flow both ways, found one large one after some smaller gaps, decided to wait for a car 1/3 of way into left gap turn signal on, check both ways again still looks great, wait to see tire on car turn into my road, as they turn I gently pull out into center turn lane, 15 Ft away the 4X4's comming hard & BAM! just had time to turn hard away both cars towed no injury to me at all car took it all! 15K & 60 days repair, Looks great! Tow's my boat better than my 06 4X4 Ranger FX-4 off-road nice ride/pep
After looking at the Subaru Tribeca, Nissan Murano and Mazda CX-7 we decided on an Edge Limited AWD. It compared very well against the competition in build quality, styling, materials and fit and finish. We belived the exterior styling to be the best of the bunch. The interior shines IMHO with a conservative, well designed layout using durable materials and easy, intuitive controls. The leather seating is nice with contrast stitching! The backseat felt the most comfortable and roomy of the 4. The sync system is outstanding, with nothing comaprable in any other vehicle we looked at; bluetooth+Cell=sweet. Little extras like puddle lamps and power rear liftgate are nice too. And the price!
I think Ford hit the jack pot with this one. The engine is a little noisey when starting off or increasing speed on the highway,this should be improved.
Well where do I start, I bought the 08 edge because of the deep discounts and thought what a great deal. I did not know that the radio would not work, the tire would blow out, and then the transmission would go out all in less than a week. I know that it is under warranty but, how would you feel about a new vehicle with this many problems in a short period of time? I lost faith in Ford.
Our SEL Ford Edge awd has been fixed 4 times and I smell burning oil again.They replaced seals and whole unit and it still leaks!!! Ford needs to let us Edge owners know how and when they can solve this problem.
The body style was the first thing that caught my eye before I bought a Ford Edge. The overall shape is very pleasing.The height was also a factor for me because I have trouble getting in and out of vehicles that are too low. . The interior suits my needs perfectly. I find everything is close at hand and easy to read. The seats are totally comfortable, there's plenty of head and foot room. Storage and cargo space is great too.The music system (6 CD changer, AM/FM radio and MP3 option are very adequate and easy to use. I have yet to look for an option and find that it's missing.The drive-ability is fabulous. Very smooth and easy to park and maneuver.The AWD was a life saver this winter too!
I was apprehensive about buying the Edge. The first time we drove it, it was noisey and rode real rough (SEL Model) compared to the other vehicles we were shopping. After we returned a second time and drove a Limited with the 20" wheels we changed our mind. Very nice ride and quiet. Sync audio system is awesome as is the Vista Roof. Getting 20-21mpg around town. Not too bad, but better than the estimate given on the sticker. Origionally had some issues with rattles and creeks but were promptly fixed by the selling dealer. 
I've had my Edge for about a month now, but have been eyeing them ever since they first came out in 2007. It was between this or the Honda CRV and once I drove the Edge the contest was over. I love how much space I have in the Edge. The center console is big enough for me to put my purse in when I don't want to drag it into a store. There are cup holders everywhere. Love the way it looks sporty compared to some other CUV/SUVs. I feel very safe in this car. It's definitely bigger than my Civic but not too big to feel like I'm driving a tank. Overall, I love this car.
No problems until now, poor air conditioning, good acceleration, poor dashboard gauges, to evaluate reliability I will wait to put more miles on it but we drive 2000 miles to Texas and no problems
This is the first SUV I have ever owned and never understood the attraction until now. I have been a continuous Ford owner since I was a teenager and I own a number of Fords including a 1964 T-Bird, 1995 Lincoln Mark 8, 2002 Lincoln LS V8, 2002 T-Bird and now the Edge AWD LTD. This vehicle is comfortable, quiet, solid and well equipped. The exterior and interior styling is beautiful with the leather interior and it rides like my Lincolns.
I am 5'2" and have problems seeing over or around the outside mirrors. It seems as though they are too large for the vehicle. They create a horrible blind spot, which makes me very nervous while driving. I have tried raising the seat, but then it's difficult to reach the pedals and I crack my knee on the steering column when I get in and out of the vehicle. I ask my boyfriend to drive the car to get his feedback. He is 5'9" and agreed he thought they were larger than normal. He drives a F-150 truck. Prior to owning the Edge I had an Explorer and never had this problem.
We wanted a family vehichle that would be versitile and that's what we got. Comfortably has 2 car seats and we got an 8 foot Christmas tree inside. It's very comfy to drive and it did well in the recent snow storm
After owning several foreign cars and SUV's, about 1.5 years ago I purchased a new Ford Explorer. I hated everything about the thing. I told myself over and over again I would never purchase another American-made vehicle again, I thought it was such a mistake. Then I came upon the Edge. It is unlike any Ford I have ever known. It is gorgeous inside, love the two tone! It's so fun to drive and handles so well! I feel really safe in it. I love the leather, it's not that cheap plasticy leather, and I love the stitching. Super roomy. I was really shocked at the price - very affordable. After seeing the success with the Edge, I hope Ford re-designs all of their vehicles. Thanks Ford!
We joined the "buy American" movement and purchased an Edge just after a good working over by the local Toyota dealer. Wow, I am impressed with the ease of maneuverability, the sound system, the sun roofs, and the seat's base-length- finally a seat that extends out far enough and doesn't cut off the circulation in one's legs. The second row seating is also unusually comfortable for this type car. Only had it a week, but so far, it's outstanding.
After looking at several models of CUV/SUV, including Pilot, Veracruz, CX9, Toyota Highlander, we decided that the 3rd row was the dealbreaker and went looking for something smaller. I am so glad we did. We decided on the Limited model with the Sync/Sirius/6 cd and the leather interior. I really like the two tone interior and the contrast stitching on the seats. We are just back from an 1800 mile trip and the Edge performed wonderfully. Very comfortable on the long ride and plenty of room. Gas mileage was not great, but driving 80+ MPH will do that. My first new car in 12 years and glad I'm on the Edge!
My husband and I test drove many crossover SUV's when we were searching for a new car and when we happened upon the Edge, it was love at first site. It's roomy enough for my husband, who is a large guy, to sit in either the front or back comfortably and the panaramic sunroof is great. But most importantly, it's fun to drive! Keep producing this king of vehicle Ford, you hit a homerun with this one!
I love my Edge. I'm a little nervous. It's in the shop after only four weeks with transmission problems. I'm hoping it's a fluke thing and when it's fixed I will regain my confidence in the car and will still love it. 
I bought my Edge after a very bad experience with a Toyota. I have had my Edge for only three weeks and have over 3,000 miles on it. I drove it from Michigan to Maine on vacation. The Edge handled flawlessly. It was very comfortable and except for a little wind noise at 45-50 mph from the outside mirrors is was like driving a luxury car. The looks, vista roof, audio system and overall driving experience still make me smile. There were no issues of quality at delivery. There are none now. I hope this is an omen of things to come. It looks great,it handles well, is very comfortable. As long as I stay around 70 on the road I get about 24.6 miles to the gallon. Good Job Ford. 
After having our first baby three months ago we decided we needed something bigger. I usually have my husband's help but he will soon be deployed so I needed something big enough to carry everything and anything (including two Ridgebacks). I had looked at several SUVs (Honda, BMW, Toyota, Hyundai etc.) and settled for the Edge. 
This is only the second Ford I have owned in 35 years. Never cared for their stylings until now. Am enjoying everything about this car except the braking distance. I live in a deer prone area and have had four accidents due to them over the years. I really need great brakes! The Edge must improve in this category. Can't believe for the level of this automobile that Ford didn't have a higher standard when it came to such an important feature. Mileage isn't too bad, but can still be improved upon.
Just got an Edge Limited (no nav) and I am extremelly impressed with the car. Looks great and rides even better. Tons of room in the back seat and very comfortable seats. A/C and brakes seem fine to me, no problem at all so far. Sync is awesome - reception is better than mobile and convenient. Panoramic view is super-cool, kids love it! It's been a long time since I've come home with a car without some buyer's remorse - not this time!
Truly designed with the driver in mind. From the amenities and comfort of the interior to the way it handles and performs on both city streets and open highways, this is one impressive vehicle! Acceleration and maneuverability beats Saturn, Chevrolet, Toyota and Honda in comparable class vehicles and at a great price. We purchased the base model SE, but all the extras like MicroSoft Sync, top of the line sound system with a 6 CD changer, radio and cruise control in the steering wheel, roof rack, anti-theft system, etc. this vehicle is in a class of its own. The ride is extremely comfortable; cruising at 70 mph feels like you're going 30 or 35 and bumps are almost unnoticeable.
I love my Ford Edge. The room in it is amazing. The most room you'll find for your money. And this is one of the most affordable SUV/CUVs. I have 2 kids and this fits all 4 of us comfortably
I am very pleased with my Edge. I went from a convertible Sebring to an Edge. Being able to see the road is awesome. I love the Sync and Sirius Satellite. I am going on a road trip and can hardly wait to see how she handles on the highway. Right now she's a city girl. The ride in is so smooth, I don't hardly want to get out when I get to work. She's turning heads all over the place. I love my Edge!
I've owned 7 vehicles and the Edge has the worst AC by far. Have to keep it on max fan and max ac all the time here in TX and still sweat. Lots of power, soft suspension and low road noise. Vehicle feels like your driving a boat, a floating vs driving sensation. 
I submitted a review a month after the wife and I bought a 2008 Edge, but could not wait to brag about the gas mileage we got on our 2,145 mile vacation from Iowa to North Carolina. When we left it had 2,881 miles on it. At first I did not care for the gas mileage at all, but the dealership kept telling me the mileage would get better and boy did it! I always use the cruise control, and at 74 mph this new Edge averaged 33 mpg and I have 4 people who can verify this. So eat your heart out Toyota owners. Ford has a great American crossover in this new Edge.
Being in real estate, I put a ton of miles on a car in a year, and both me and my clients love the Edge! The few snow days were absolutely no challenge, the SYNC system is amazing. Leather and other interior features are very luxurious and are extremely comfortable even for a full day in the car. Fuel economy is what I expect for a strong V6. I have never driven a car that turns heads like this! A trip up to the ski hill with two friends and skis and snowboards was a perfect use of all the space and comfort and we passed many vehicles on the way up in the snow. Passing on the highway is a breeze..the power seems even more evident at full highway speed, it can snap your head back at 120kph
As a 5'1 woman, mine is super comfortable! My seat adjusts every which way possible! My car came with Michelins on it, smooth ride with little road noise, less than my Altima! We traded in a 2005 Nissan Altima that I had put 89,000 miles on in 38 months, trust me! The Edge is a good performing car too, has plenty of power. My gas mileage stinks, but that is my fault! Sync is great, although "Debbie" hears what she wants sometimes. Good style and design! I love it! Bought it because my sister has an 07 and loves it too! We knew all baby stuff would fit and we had outgrown my car! Husband's knees no longer hit!
Feeling a bit let down. I see other crossovers (MDX, Acadia, Highlander) on the road and wish I had opted for one of those. The drive is nice and smooth ,and I do enjoy the Sync, nav system and power lift-gate. The airconditioning needs some help. Even on high, I keep reaching to turn it higher, and the airvents will not turn to blow directly in your face. Opening the sun-roof helps, but it is loud at higher speeds. You would think will all the hype over Sync, Ford would have invested in more speakers. 4 speakers standard and upgraded sound has only 6? Our Corolla has better sound! After 4 fillups, we are averaging 16mpg mostly city driving.
I had a '05 Honda CRV, and regret trading for the Edge. Am now looking to trade back in on another CRV or something else. I have a 45 minute drive to work (one way) and am hurting by the time I get there. The seats are uncomfortable,makes my back hurt & makes my legs go to sleep and hurt. The seat needs to tilt more at the base for the shorter person. This car is not built for the short person. I can't drive through the ATM without a lot of problems or need to get out. The AC vents are pathetic. At certain angles the sun shines on the chrome strip on the shifter and surround and shines in the eyes. Would rather not have the chrome. Road noise on this one, I believe due to the brand of tires. 
We bought our Edge the day before we headed out to Orlando for vacation. The car averaged 25 mpg there and back, thought that was fantastic. Since we got back and just travel around town, the mileage has averaged between 17.5mpg and 18.5mpg. That's still pretty good to me considering it's an SUV and we both have a pretty heavy foot. The engine isn't the quickest from a dead stop but it does pretty good, however when you're up to speed it really gets up and goes when you want to pass slower drivers. My wife and I both love the car more every time we drive it. To think I was worried about buying a Ford product seems a little silly now.
I traded a Toyota Forerunner for my new Edge. I thought I'd miss the Toyota but after one day the old girl was history. The Edge has a nice firm grip on the road and is quick enough to get you into traffic without any anxiety. The ride is quiet and I have too many choices for music with the Sync system. All in all, I love the car. I love the automatic lift on the rear door and the roominess for all the passengers. So far the gas mileage has been in the 17-23 mpg range. All in all a great car.
I traded in a 2004 F150 and was not sure if I wanted a smaller car. Gas mileage to me if great window sticker said 17 city - -27 highway. I'm getting 22.6 in the city and 32 Hwy with cruise. Gas mileage is great compared to some forgien cars that you see on TV. All I can say buy american!
After looking at Saturn, Mazda, Cadilac, Buick, and Ford Crossovers, the Edge was and pleasant and impressive surprise. A great riding and handling vehicle with a well- engineer interior space to seat its riders. My wife was immediately drawn to the luxurious look and feel of the stone colored leather and the pearlescet white sand mica paint. The 20" tires with their chrome clad wheels gives the Edge a final touch of sophistication and well-connectedness. Engine is quiet and responsive with all the power you need. No jerkiness, no hesitation, and one of the smoothest transmissions we've ever experienced. Beats our Lexus RX330 all over the place. The panoramic moonroof-a real wowzer! 
I've driven my Edge for almost 1,400 miles and, love it. Traded in my '05 Murano. The ride, performance and, comfort are better. The Vista roof and, Sync are fantastic. Gas mileage is okay, was getting around 17 per gallon with mostly local driving. Added a Cyclone fuel saver & added 1.5 MPG's. What you get for the price is great, got everything but Nav. My only complaint, non Nav. radio display is very lacking in info and, impossible to see in sunlight and, the auto climate control gives you no idea of what the system is doing while in auto mode. Again, still love the Edge and, would recomend to anyone. 
I had owned a 97 Ford Explorer for 8 years and put 250,000 miles on it. I have been looking for a good quality, highly reliable, comfortable SUV and all roads and research led me to purchase an 08 Ford Edge. I had been researching for 6 months, looking at Chevy, Honda, Lincoln, Toyota Highlander, and GMC Acaidia. I decided on the Edge because it met all the requirements of what I wanted in my next vehicle. I average 25 - 30,000 miles a year, so relibility, comfort, interior room and gas mileage were all important factors. I have driven it 4,400 miles now and have been averaging 19.9 miles/gallon overall. Congrats to Ford! I would highly recommend the Edge to anyone looking for a new SUV.
I had owned a 97 Ford Explorer for 8 years and put 250,000 miles on it. I have been looking for a good quality, highly reliable, comfortable SUV and all roads and research led me to purchase an 08 Ford Edge. I had been researching for 6 months, looking at Chevy, Honda, Lincoln, Toyota Highlander, and GMC Acaidia. I decided on the Edge because it met all the requirements of what I wanted in my next vehicle. I average 25 - 30,000 miles a year, so relibility, comfort, interior room and gas mileage were all important factors. I have driven it 4,400 miles now and have been averaging 19.9 miles/gallon overall. Congrats to Ford! I would highly recommend the Edge to anyone looking for a new SUV.
Fell in love with the exterior styling while following a Ford Edge. The interior is very comfortable. The seats feel like they are constantly hugging you and the placement of the controls are spot on. I bought my Egde right after the test drive. A nice quiet ride. Wind noise is a thing of my past. I did a MPG test at 65mph I got 22.3mpg at 60 I got 25.3mpg and at 55mph I got 27.3mpg. I know 55 feels slow but its a 25% savings and I don't have to worry about passing anyone. Plus who wants to get to work in a hurry. It has plenty of get up and go when you need it and its very agile but stable. I dont miss my 13mpg avg F150 super crew Lariat one bit.
I'm sorry I crossed over from a Mountaineer. The Edge can't compare and suffers from numerous areas of poor engineering. Fuel injectors and exhaust make great deal of noise. Can't drive with windows open above 30 MPH. Extreme wind noise from vista roof diffuser. Constantly hunting for lower gears at highway speed an hangs on upshift. Breaking and gas mileage are both poor. Water builds up under tail light lenses and fills the area behind the high break light. Could also benefit by having some tie downs in cargo area. AC vents don't direct air high enough to clear heat from the ceiling. Suggest you test drive at highway speeds before purchase. 
My wife and I traded a 2006 Toyota Camry XLE for a 2008 Ford Edge Limited. We were afraid to commit to American, because their track record was not the greatest. We decided to check out the Ford Edge since we were in the market for a new CUV. We looked at all the competition, and we decided to buy the Edge. We have to take our hats off to Ford. We believe Ford finally has a winner with this Edge. This car is absolutely amazing! Excellent feature set, great design, fantastic build quality, what more can you ask for. Compared to the competition, we believe they truly have an "edge." I'm happy to support the American economy, now that Ford has a solid product.
I test drove many vehicles before I settled on the Edge. You get a lot for the money.I had three requirements, comfort, quiet and hauling capabilities. It fulfills all three. The gas mileage is better than stated. I absolutely love the ride. 
I love the Edge! It is so much fun to drive. I looked at other crossovers but this one is the best in the market. I only have 800 miles on it right now and I am getting 19/20 ish city and 24 hwy. I avg a little over 22. All the features are amazing! I love the Vista roof especially and the Sync!
First time Ford buyer. Loved the looks, the comfort, the performance. Sat in other SUV's including Lincoln and Lexus, no difference. I actually liked the Edge better. After 1,000 miles, I like it even more. Who knew I would become a Ford believer. What a solid vehicle!
I am a truck guy who has no ATV or any other reason for a box anymore. I do still have a 18' bass boat, that I would not be able to get to the lake with out something with enough power. The Edge has plenty of that! The quality of this car is tight. It makes my wife's 06 Toyota Sienna seem like an old rattle trap. Gas mileage is the reason for the purchase, and I'm pleased. Sticker said 17 city and 22 on the hwy. I avg a liitle over 20, and have already got as much as 24.4 at about 73 mph on the interstate. Like everyone says? it may get better. I only have 1500 miles on it so far.
My husband and I bought the Edge after my '98 Ford Explorer. We needed a larger car, for we have long trips planned for this summer, but we had to consider the kids. They needed room! We got all options but instead of the vista roof, we ended up getting the entertainment system (dvd player). We love the roominess and space. The look seems sleek and nicer than other vehicles, a plus. We compared it to the Escape, and chose the Edge. The Escape rode higher and was thinner while the Edge rode lower and is wider, therefore the Edge had more room. Overall we are in love.
I recently traded my gas powered F-250 in for my new Edge. I'm gonna say this is a cool ride. When total strangers come up to you, and often I might add, and ask if you like it...well that says a lot. Of course I tell them that I love it, then proceed to show them all the cool features. Then when they sit in it, you aught to see the smile on there faces. I love it. For me this is a really nice cuv. It's put together well, rides smooth, it catches the eye with it's 20" wheels, and with the DVD player, satellite radio, and Bluetooth capabilities long trips are fun again! I think any one looking for a new cuv should give the Ford Edge a look.
I traded a 05 Freestyle for the 08 Edge. I test drove 09 Murano, Mazda CX-7, Acura RDX. Decided for the Edge because of the lower lease payments (+ X-plan), vista roof, and some other features. Exterior design also a plus. However I have to admit the 09 Murano drives much better and has a better finishing, unfortunately too expensive and premium fuel. The Edge engine and 6 speed auto-trans. is a huge leap from my old engine with the CVT. I read some reviews saying not refined, slow, etc.. for the Edge/MKX. Maybe not the best ever but I am very happy and suprised with its performance.
The Ford Edge fun to drive. Really hugs the road and turns on a dime. I have more confidence than with the extra long SUV we had before this. It does not shift too hard, its very good going up hills and getting on highways. I can't wait to drive it in the snow!
I have a really bad back, and am looking at surgery some day. I traded the 2007 Escape Hybrid in the 2008 Edge Limited because of the seating. The Edge seats are easy on my back and allow me to take long trips without back pain.
I traded a Lexus 04 LS 300 for my Edge. I love, love, love, my Edge. So far I like this vehicle better than any vehicle I have owned. I bought an 02 4 runner and the Edge beats it. I love everything about it. I own an 08 Edge Limited. My Edge has all the extras except the navagiation. Joe Sartaion Ford didn't have one on their lot with navagation or I would have purchased it. I could do without the Vista roof, because I very seldom open my sun roof. The Vista roof is different and very nice.
I couldn't be happier with my Edge. Great visibility and looks. The 20 inch wheels look great too. What a pleasure to finally drive American.
I absolutely loved driving my big Ford Expedition, but because of gas prices and $100 fill-ups, my husband & I decided to buy something smaller. I was very worried about feeling comfortable in a "smaller" vehicle b/c I'm 5'10" and having enough leg & head room was a big problem in most of the vehicles that I test-drove. The Edge is a great CUV. It has a lot of pep and it handles really well. In the Edge feel like I have more leg room in the backseat that I did in my Expedition. We took it on our first road trip and we were able to fit luggage for 4 people and still had room to spare. I can't say enough good things about the SYNC system...LOVE IT
We have only had our New Edge 1 month,but so far we love this crossover from Ford. We get a lot of second looks from people on the street, and people asking what it is. We have owned many Fords over the years and this new Edge is right close to the top of best Fords we have ever owned .Love it, love it, love it.
I have the Limited version of the vehicle with every option except, the navigation sytem and auto-lift back. Vehicle is very fun to drive, responsive and gets far better gas milage then on the sticker. I am currently getting 30 mpg. This is for the most part highway driving at 70 MPH. So happy with the vehicle my wife bought one 2 weeks latter. Of course her has the navigation and lift-back. I truly believe Ford has a winner here. 
At first I was a little worried about down sizing from the Ford Expedition that I have had for 5 years, but I now love it. It would be even better if it got better gas mileage. I love how it handles and looks. I think the engine sounds a little funny but I think it is because it is a 6 cyl. Overall I love it.. 
I've owned many new cars, mostly foreign over the years. I was afraid to commit to American, because their track record was not the greatest. I decided to check out the Ford Edge since I was in the market for a new CUV mainly for my wife. I looked at all the competition, and we already own a 2007 Santa Fe. I have to take my hat off to Ford. Their business plan is working, because this car is absolutely amazing! Excellent feature set, great design, fantastic build quality, what more can you ask for. Compared to the competition, I believe they truly have an "edge." I'm happy to support the American economy, now that Ford has a solid product! Fuel economy is on par with all other CUV's.
I didn't need or really want a new car but decided hauling a wheelchair around folded and on it's side was no longer an option. My first choice of cars was the Toyota Highlander and what a nice car it is. It handled well and has good power but the dealer wasn't in the mood to drop his price too much so I tried a Honda Pilot. Another nice car but it seemed a bit boring and under powered. Car three was the Buick crossover. Another nice car but it just didn't move the soul. When I drove the Edge my mind was made up pretty quickly. It looks great, has good power with a nice but not fancy interior. The rear seats are spacious and the ability to lay back was a selling point for my friends
I did all the research & read all the reviews before buying. I drive 75 miles/day so I need to like what I drive & the Edge was a great choice. It's comfortable, handles nicely and rides quiet. I thought I would miss my Explorer but the slightly smaller size hasn't been an issue. I purchased the base model w/conv pkg & satelite radio, it has everything I need and it looks good too in silver w/black interior.
I like everything about the car. The Microsoft Sync (iPod hook-up, phone integration, voice recognition, etc.) is awesome. The navagation system is easy to use, and works great. I drive a good mix of highway and city (will average 15,000+ miles per year), and average between 20-21 MPG. If I am on the highway for a longer distance, I have averaged about 24-26 MPG.
This car is so much fun to drive. I was undecided until I test drove the Edge and Taurus X back to back. The Edge is a far superior vehicle. It is quiet, has excellent handling characteristics and the SYNC system is awesome. I love the White Sand Tricoat color too. 
The Edge is my first Ford product. We have been very happy with it overall. We looked at about every crossover/SUV out there. The Edge best met our needs and we have had no regrets, concerns or problems with it in the three months we have had it. The final selling point for us was the rear seat roominess. We really like the Edge. It is a winner!
I've owned the 07 Edge for about six months. It's a great all-around vehicle. I've taken a 500+ mile road trip in it with four adults producing lots of "wows." I haul around my wife and kids in it. It doubles as a classy yet rugged roomy vehicle to take business associates to lunch in. It's able to handle significant loads with the seats down. I could not be more pleased.
Found car dead on sunday 2/03/08 called Ford for road side asst.they arrived little over an hour could not get car out of park.Tow driver told me there was nothing they could do for me and left.Called road side asst. again and was told because it was sunday nothing they could do for me and to call dealer on monday.They left me stranded with no way to get home.The anti-theft system shut the car down. 
Bought this car after looking at Honda CRV and Jeep Compass. Too many CRV's on the road! I love this car! I get compliments all the time. It's fun to drive. Mileage could be better but most of mine is city driving. My only complaint would be with getting in the car.I am of short stature- 5'2'' and getting in would be easier if there were a handle to grab on the top. 
When decided to purchase a crossover knew we did not like a Pilot, experience with my father in law's pilot, test drove several different model came down to Highlander and Edge. Went on a trip and rented a Highlander for a week came home and purchased an Edge. Returned last night from a 900 mile trip and have nothing but good to say about the Ford. Good mile comfortable ride, lots of power, goes good in the snow.
Tested every '08 CUV on the market and bought the Edge. Great 2nd row leg room with easy-to-use recline feature, as well as comfortable seating both front and back. Ridiculously fun to drive, handles well and gives driver an intuitive feel when behind the wheel. Modern styling with a good-looking, rugged-stance. Sync, navigation and Vista Roof options take an already well-designed vehicle to the next level of driver integration. Progressive, comfortable, responsive, solid and tight, the Edge is well priced in its class. A must to compare if you're in the CUV market. The more I drive it, the happier I am to own it. This vehicle grows on you with each passing day. 
It is above and beyond my expectations not to be a true luxury vehicle. I like the visibilty it allows with it's height. It drives like a sports car but rides like a luxury car. It has a hint of sportiness to it that keeps it from looking like a "grocery getter". 
I have owned mainly imports and was hesitant. I was leaning towards the Honda Pilot and Toyota Highlander and stopped at Ford dealer at whims notice. The test drive sold me and I bought it that day. First thing I noticed is the styling is beautiful and not overly generic & boring as the Pilot and Highlander. The interior was the same and exuded the same luxury as the RX330 I previously owned. The acceleration was amazing and ride felt confident and supple. There is something about this car that I love over every car I have owned. Hard to explain...it has soul and does not feel like an appliance. I get compliments everywhere I go. I see more and more of them in Atlanta.
My daughter talked me into looking at this car/suv and I love driving it. It is so quiet, no road noise, rides smooth, beautiful interior, love the hands free phone system, navigation system (still have to learn this). Like the tailgate automatic lift & closure, automatic seats that lay down in the back.If you haven't looked at this vehicle you are missing something special. Oh don't miss the full moon/sun roof it's really different.
I love the nav, bluetooth..fully loaded. Great on the road. Wish it had a 3rd row seating then I would have been fully satisfied.
Traded in a 2006 Hyundai Tuscon. This Edge is sweet in the pearl white color. Drives beautiful. The ride and handling is superior to even my 2007 MKZ Lincoln with all wheel drive. Read the brakes arent that good but I find they are fine. Good feel and braking so far. Only have 60 miles on the truck.
I travel on business and have driven just about everything domestic and import. But, there's something about this car that you can't quite put your finger on. Their engineers thought- through the details to make it fun, carry a lot of stuff, and get a lot of compliments at the gas station. You can't believe how much fun it is to drive. You honestly have to restrain yourself. It has 13000 miles now and except for the new car smell being gone, it feels/sounds and drives as perfect as the day I bought it - better than the Toyota I traded in. My Toyo was good - but, this is unbelievable. And, my wife is happy. She laughs that this is what is born when a Mustang marrys an Explorer
Took delivery of my '08 Edge AWD Limited on 10 Nov 2007, (approx. three weeks after placing an order for it with the dealership), and have really been enjoying the ride since. Loaded with just about every option, including many of the Ford accessories. Good looks (in Redfire Metallic & 20" chromed wheels), good features (SYNC, NAV, SIRIUS), and a good time driving it around. Just spun past 750 miles on the odometer so just getting started, but it's everything I expected so far (& more). A real "head turner" here in my town!
This is just too cool! I really like the exterior design. I chose the cloth interior. It's not as soft or nice as it could be but, it looks durable and they are comfortable. I would recommend the interior/exterior insurance package if you get the cloth seats. I'm loving the SYNC! It was easy to program and it downloaded phonebook from my cell in less than a minute. It was easy to plug my Ipod in and it charges. The Sirius satellite is nice but, I don't really need it. The sound system is great! The space is great. The driver's side window is auto up and down. Parking is too easy with the Reverse Sensing System. I love this crossover!
This car is great. Pleasantly surprised after reading middling reviews from Consumer Reports and other car rags. The 3.5 engine is strong and economical, vista roof is a delight and the Sync system sold the deal. Sync is easy to use and set up and has USB to connect ipod for charging and full integration. Voice commands actually work. Heard about poor braking but have not found this is an issue, in everyday driving it goes and stops effortlessly. Getting about 25 mpg highway and 19 in town.
I just had my Escape repaired yesterday for Bad Tranny Cooler from the dealer that I purchased it from. No questions asked, they fixed at no cost stating it was under warranty. No complains on this end.
Leaking transmission fluid at 56,000 miles. Dealer found failure in transmission condensor. Internet search found many people having this failure with 08 Escape. Dealer says Ford will not cover this under powertrain warranty but the dealer will use Customer Loyalty Program to cut repair cost to $100. Typical American car manufactured, spend millions to advertise and tell us how good their product is and then find a way to weasle out of fully covering warranty work. Stay away from the 08 Escape. This is my 4th Ford vehicle but Toyota is looking very good at the moment.
Purchased my Escape new and loved it, I have had small problems with it. The tires are cupping on the inside. We rotate them when we take it in for service and Ford always tells us that we need new tires but never tells us what the cause is. Another company told us it was the suspension. I also know that the shocks or struts are having issues. When you go across a dip it has a bottom out feel. The vehicle has several rattles and the seats spot w/o any reason. The black moulding around the outside windows raises up when you raise the window up and down and it won't stay down once up. 
After trying to find the good in it, I have come up with nothing. I am a previous Toyota owner, and I feel very short-changed by the Escape. The inside is very cheap. The apolstery irritates my legs, shows every single water spot, and the foam is hard as a rock. Overall, the interior looks like a 6 year old designed it. When I am on the highway, the engine noise makes it sound like a semi-truck from the inside. Also, I know I have a 4 cylinder, but I can't do more than 20mph uphill, unless I gun it. Then at that point, the engine sounds like it is going to fall out. They should not even make a 4cyl. I do like its auxilary jack for my iPod
Took my 08 escape in today and was told the ac condenser was broke and that was why my transmission fluid was leaking. Have an 8 year warrenty on this car and ofcourse this problem is not cover because it is not part of the drive train. So now its costing me 500 dollars to fix it plus 40 to be told what the problem is. I am not happy at all with ford, if they know this is going on and not doing anything about it they are pretty much screwing us on purpose. I will keep my car but not sure I will buy another. 
A local auto repair shop just told me my 2008 Escape's transmission cooler is leaking and has been for a long time. Since purchased, I've taken it to the Ford dealership where I bought it for servicing and they never mentioned this problem. This same dealership said the extended warranty expired 600 miles ago and they can't cover the repair. The dealership is asking almost $600 to repair it. I see other '08 Escape tranny cooler problems on this site. Ford needs to fix this problem. Though a loyal Ford customer for years, I will no longer be buying a Ford if the company can't replace a repeatedly defective part.
I purchased my 08 Escape new. I love my Escape but noticed that it was having a hard time taking off so it reved up and then slammed into take off mode. I took it in today and they told me that there was a leak in the intercooler leaking transmission fluid. And now I've read other reviews that say they have had the same problem....should there be a total recall, should we all get new cars to replace these that are defective. I've only had my car 1yr and a half!!!!!
I bought my escape a year ago. Have put extensive miles on it without any problems whatsoever. Only regular maintenance which is key to maintaining a vehicle. Will keep an eye on the tranny after reading these reviews...but other than that cute fun suv.
Bought our 2008 Escape used with only 8000km on it. No real problems except bad gas mileage. The gas tank is too small and no matter how easy I drive this car I can't even get 500km on a tank. I should be at least getting 600km on a tank. Only had it in to the dealer for regular oil changes and one warranty problem. Has a whining sound now that I have to get checked.
I bought my Escape in June of 2008. I drove to Daytona Beach, Florida from Mechanicsville, Virginia and was ecstatic. Drove beautifully and the radio (Sirius) was great until they (Sirius) changed the channel lineup. However, I have had the vehicle in the shop 3 or 4 times for a rattle in the back of the car. The dealer cannot find the problem and keeps giving it back to me and it keeps rattling. Other than that I am pleased with it. Does any body else have any rattles they cannot get rid of? 
Recently purchased this little SUV, a replacement for my 05 Taurus. Great little truck, love the driving position and pep from the V6. Not quite as refined as my wife's CR-V EX-L. Decent gas mileage, not much different than the Taurus. 
I bought my 2008 Escape XLT 3 weeks ago and am impressed. I traded in my 2006 Fusion and could not be happier. The ride is like a sedan, fit and finish is great, and the new look exterior says class. The satellite radio is way too much fun. The interior could use more padding, but looks good. I have averaged 24 MPG for city driving and this alone is impressive. I can't wait everyday to hop in and drive. I have owned 20 cars in my life, 16 new cars, and this Escape ranks at the top. Thanks Ford! 
I turned in my 5 sp manual 98 Explorer Sport for the new 5 sp manual 08 Escape and I love it. The ride is comfy, the gas mileage is great (22-28 mpg) and best of all I can plug in my iPod. It is a fun and safe car to drive with plenty of room for my friends. It is a great car for road trips and vacations.
I've had my Escape for just over 3 weeks now. I missed my 2002 Pathfinder at first but after the last snow storm the Escape won me over for good! Handled much better than my old SUV and has a lot more safety features that I wanted in a truck. Got the top line model, love all bells and whistles. I have to say I love the satellite radio, who knew it could be so much fun! Some issues I do have; heated seats turn off after 10 minutes and there is no temp control, 4 speed trans doesn't cut it, gas mileage is not that great- getting 19 mpg on the hwy so far, heavy rain-water gets in the door and spills out the bottom once door is open- dealership says that normal but I have my doubts. 
Wanted to move into the SUV market from driving a Chevy Malibu. Drove the Mariner, CR-V, RAV 4, & others. The Mariner seemed to cost more just for the Mercury label. The CR-V had a tight suspension and hit every bump hard. The RAV-4 had a cramped ride for everyone. After driving the Escape,I was comparing all the other vehicles to it. So Escape was my choice. 4WD wheel drive was a must for me with MI winters. The combination of that with the stability control, and traction control make me feel safe and more in control of my own destiny. I am paying the same per fill up as I did with the Malibu, but instead of going once every two weeks, I am going once a week. So it doubled.
I love this vehicle! I traded in my '04 Escape 2WD base vehicle that I absolutely came to hate after 2 winters. Don't buy a 2wd Escape if you get snow or ice weather! Spend the money and get the 4WD/AWD, you won't regret it. Since purchasing this vehicle, I have driven in snow storms with confidence (not over-confidence) and it handles amazing. It grips the road and snow and sticks and I even tried to make the tires spin! It handles very smooth, quiet on the highway, is peppy. I find it comfy to sit in and drive. The gas mileage is good for an SUV and handles much like a car. The control panel takes a little getting used to since there are a lot of buttons, but you get used to it. 
Needed something that could haul stuff and get me to work in New England winters, fit small family for road trips, and get reasonable fuel economy. The Ford Escape fit the bill. It is the first new domestic car my wife has owned! She drives it more then I do. We got the FWD modal. I am impressed with the traction on very icy and heavy snow covered roads. It is very quit on the highway. We have some good friends that almost bought a Honda CRV, (but decided on a GTI). They thought the Escape is a better buy. I would highly recommend this car. 
Just bought my 4WD XLT black pearl slate Escape and I love it so far. I live in Alaska where four wheel drive is a must and it handles great. Love the new exterior and interior over the old model...a definite improvement!
My wife and I needed something that was more fuel efficient than the Tahoe we traded in. This little SUV has plenty of room inside for the two and some of the grandkids plus it's got plenty of pep when you press the gas. And it stills gets close to 21 MPG driving in town. We're very pleased with it.
After gas prices went over $3.00 a gallon, it was time to trade in the 2006 F150 V8 (16-18mpg) for something with better mpg. I use my vehicle for work and travel quite a bit so gas prices are very important. My 2008 Escape is getting 23-26 mpg and is saving me a bundle on gas. 
I bought my Escape in June and have 17000 miles on it already. I love the style and all the features outside and in. But.... the brakes make this awful popping noise every time they get hot. I have taken it to the shop 5 times for repairs. The shop had replaced every bit of the back end, yet they still pop. We brought it to the attention of the manufacturer and the engineers said this "was a normal variation of the vehicle and it does not affect braking performance". Funny thing, they can't identify what is making the noise so how they know it's not affecting brake performance? .your guess is as good as mine. This is my first and last Ford. It's cute and roomy but I can't trust it will last.
I intended to buy a used 2006 Escape, but Hubby saw this one and was hooked. Has every available option from Ford. Very happy with that. Quick and snappy, can park anywhere. Just a lot of fun to drive. Great sound system. We looked at mid-sized SUV's but decided we wanted something smaller and this fits the bill. Lots of power. Weather has been bad nearly since purchase and I drive in AWD a lot, plus with zero degree weather or below, longer warm up periods are required so I am not seeing the great fuel mileage people are talking about. (17 mpg) I hope that chances with the weather conditions. Overall very pleased.
Great looking car for the money. Drives great, lots of room when 2nd row is folded flat. Great gas mileage for a gas only engine (26 mpg average!).
I just purchased my new 2008 XLT Escape last week and am loving it! The newer body style is what peaked my interest at first-not a huge fan of the older looks. I decided on a nicely loaded Escape over a standard Edge. I am very happy. The interior is different from what I've had in the past, but took no time to get used to. I love the satellite. Very room and clean interior. Sunroof is nice and big. So far the FWD with traction has done well in some higher snow for me. The drive feels great and so far gas mileage is good. I love the convenience package features as well. I got the Kiwi Green color and absolutely love it, everyone notices and likes it. I am very happy with my Escape
This is our second Escape, got hooked on the interior roominess (at 6'4" its a primary concern). Love the handleability of FWD in the ice and snow while still getting a smooth ride on dry roads. One complaint, the cruise control creeps up in hilly interstate driving. Both of our Escapes can gain 3 to 5 mph when going up hill and then it stays there after cresting. Overall it's a great auto.
I traded in my Escape 2005 for the new styled 08. Escape just gets better, in comfort, ride, quiteness, handling, and style. I have the moon roof w/satellite Autophile Stereo and this is worth the upgrade. Concerned with the factory installed Continental Tires. Had them on 05' with alot of road noise. So far, this is no issue. This Escape is just fun to drive and own! No complaints with either the 05' and now the new 08'. Thanks Ford!
After having driven sporty cars (last car a Mustang) for most of my life and having read your review I was expecting something much more pedestrian than the Escape turned out to be. It was comfortable from the get-go, handles very well and accelerates smartly. It is not choppy riding (try comparing it to a Focus SVT). Friends have commented on how smooth the ride is and how comfortable the car is. The power steering is well-balanced but could do with a bit less assist. I do not find any problem with the braking nor with gentle acceleration. Fuel economy is decent--not horrible but not super. In my case I use a gallon more fuel per week than I used to with my Mustang.
I've had my Escape almost 4 weeks, and have put on 2400 miles already. The ride is comfortable with lots of room for passengers. Gas mileage not too bad for a 6 cyl., I'm averaging 21.4 mpg and that is mostly highway driving. Traded my 2005 Outback, miss the heated seats, heated mirrors, and lumbar support.
So far we put over 6K miles on our 08' Escape. We absolutely love it! It has been the perfect replacement to our aged gas loving Astro van. Geting the EPA rated MPG. For a I4 FWD we have taken it to some bad roads and some mud and it handles it with no problem. It makes you fell like your in a Explorer. It's on the slow side with the I4. We clocked it a around 10-11.5 seconds to 60. We only had one problem. A weld in the gas tank. (baffle) broke and was causing an quite squeak. The dealer replaced it under warranty and gave us a free oil change in less then 5 hours! This car turned a GM family in to Ford buyers for life if we continue to be pleased.
I am overall extremely impressed with this vehicle. I purchased it with every available option from ford and am not dissappointed at all. The GPS is amazing totally recommend, Easier to use than Mercedes'non-touch interface. I have driven nearly 3500 miles and average around 20 MPG with the 6 Cyl. The only gripe that i have is with the Cruise control, it average at least 2 Mpg less when it is on and varies greatly in speed up to 5-10 miles per hour. Other than that i love my espcape and personally believe that if Ford keeps up with producing vehicles to this build quality and overall solid feel, while still appeasing to luxury tastes they will be fine. 
The interior is very slick with good utilities. Smooth ride. It is a family car with higher importance to safety rather than speed. Not to be used for street light racing. Fuel economy - 25 MPG which is not very good as compared to foreign models. Price - compitative to most foreign cars and almost $5,000 less than a CR-V 
I've had my Escape a few weeks now, love it, drove everything (rogue, outlander,outback,compass etc.), happy with my choice. I'm getting about 24 mpg on hilly terrain, no hwy, with the AWD that I can't live without where I am. Replaced an Outback, this little suv is perfect. I love the camel interior, much nicer than the stone. The 4cy. is pretty nice after you get used to the tranny, it shifts funny until you develop a nack of driving it. There isn't a need for the 6cy. Never thought I'd go back to a Ford but my husband's new Ford diesel is so nice that it made me take a look at the Escape, very glad I did. It is suprisingly roomy inside and the whole interior layout is very nice. 
I was looking for a small SUV that had a decent amt of cargo capacity, excellent safety features, good reliability, 4wd,leather, satellite radio, moonroof, and of course I had to like the comfort, looks and performance. I also wanted one made in USA, but didn't want to pay more than 25K. I have found all of that and more in my 2008 Escape! Also pleased with gas mileage-20mpg combined. Very satisfied with my purchase, and would definitely choose it again.
I continue to be impressed with the look and feel of quality I percieve in this vehicle.I drove both the 4cyl and the 6 cyl, and frankly didn't see that the difference in power was significant enough to justify the extra price or lower mpg of the 6 cyl.The interior, a camel color is very well done, and I like the Light Sage Clearcoat color of the paint, as well.I live in a hot climate, so light colors are best, but I was very tired of white, the green is a welcome change. The car is very quiet, so far.
The MPG in the city are great. 26 in the city and 32 on the highway! I am glad that I did not wait for a hybrid to come in and bought a 4cyl insted!
Too quick to know exactly what happened, but I wrapped my brand new Escape around an electric pole this week and am here to talk about it. '08 handled my 52 MPH head on like a champ! ROLL BAR: In tact. AIRBAGS: Deployed & deflated quickly. NOT TRAPPED: rear glass popped open giving me a quick escape route from the fire. WINDSHIELD: Didn't shatter. Just a little crack in the corner. INTERIOR: Still looked like new! Not even a little mark in the leather, Impact did not send the motor in to the body cavity (or my legs). ME? Didn't have jewelry on, I would not have had a mark on me! This was not only a pleasure to drive and look at, it was a damn good car! I will buy another. 
I love the Ford Escape. Had a 2006 Hybrid and traded it in because of high miles put on it. More interstate driving than I anticipated. I loved the hybrid. Have v6 now and love it. Easy to drive and park. New design with reduction of wind noise is another reason I traded. If I had the extra money I would have bought another hybrid when purchasing a 2008 model.
I was waiting for a hybrid Escape but was not able to recieve it until maybe December which would have been 6 months. So I decided to get the 4cyl, 2wd and it has been great. The average mileage all around has been 24mpg. The noise level is also a lot less then the original model. The 4cyl is plenty of horsepower for the car considering the V6 isn't that much more. 
I traded in my 2006 Ford Escape for the 2008 Ford Escape, need I say more? Awesome vehicle. New body style, gas mileage, chrome, interior/exterior design, etc.
After buying 5-speed manual Honda cars for 30 years, I decided to look at an SUV with a 4 cyl. 5-speed manual. Honda offered automatics only in the 4 cyl., so I looked at several other makes, and the 2008 Escape was by far the best looking with many features that are standard. Cruise control and mag-type wheels were the only options I had to get. I love sitting up high and having all the cargo space. It is a dream to drive! Thanks Ford for offering the 5-speed manual transmission! 
We needed a vehilce with some soft roading ability, better ground clearance, and all wheel drive. I did not expect such a high level of options, fit and finish and feel. The Escape is very comfortable and quiet, and feels like much more vehicle than it really is, that is until you need to park, then it shows its size by making parking very easy. I am averaging 25 mpg. and getting 30 mpg on the highway, and thats with only 700 miles on it. I can see why Ford has sold one million of these cars, and with the new improvements, should sell many more.
I just purchased my beautiful Lt Sage Escape this past Monday and I am in heaven! Upgrading from a 01 Kia Sportage to this is surreal to me. The dealer made my purchasing experience totally problem free. I love everything about the Escape. I got the chrome package and I am enjoying the "second looks" My 5 year old son looks like a little prince in his back seat. The moonroof is awesome and the roominess is great! Being only 4'9, I feel so tall :O) especially when I adjust the seat. I really like the information center that tells you how many miles you have left before you get to "E" and the fact that the car lets you know when it needs servicing. I am sold on the Fords now :O)
I love this SUV! This is my first vehicle purchase. I was driving a '93 Suburban, and this is a great improvement! Great gas mileage, love the interior. Only problems I have had, was, I wasn't aware you needed to ask if a vehicle came with cruise control, I just thought it was a standard feature. I mean, it came with the Stability Control System, but no cruise control. That would have been a selling point for me. Also I was sold the vehicle as a 6 CD player, but it is only a single, no biggie, but why the need for a load button if you can only do one CD at a time?
The wife and I traded in my awesome '05 Japanese sedan for an '08 Escape. We wanted more safety features, ground clearance, and comfort for a similar car payment. I thought I was sacrificing quality and performance, but the Escape blew my wife and I away. We love driving it everywhere and get great comments from family members who own larger SUV's (both foreign and domestic). I was used to the more powerful 2.5L from the sedan but a quick air filter change to a higher performance filter fixed me right up. 
My first SUV and I love it! It's roomy, smooth and quiet ride, nice display, great sound system, everything that I wanted plus more at a great price. Size looks bigger than it really is. I was eyeing the CR-V for 9 months and then looked at the RAV4 - couldn't push myself into purchasing one. I think the 2008 Escape beats them both! The Escape was equipped with everything I wanted - many were standard. CR-V would need to add so many options which should be standard. I'm happy I held off. I rode in a 2007 Escape as a loaner and there is a huge difference in ride, noise, comfort, steering, display, and many other features. I just hit 1300 miles and and up to 19.2 mpg. 
 To date I have 1200 miles on the Escape and have not had, as excepted, a single problem. I use the car primarily as a means to get to work and for the usual weekend project stuff. Overall I am very impressed with the car and am averaging 23.0 mpg (big Texas city driving: 40% highway, 60% city). I also really like the Sirius radio, but was disappointed to learn that there are still the occasional commercials. Also when you go under an over-pass, or in a tunnel, you loose the satellite signal due to a line-of slight limitation. One thing I will pass on is that you need to be careful when folding down the rear sets if you have the leather interiors as the seat belt receptacle tends to 
After owning an Explorer, I decided to move down to the Escape. Over all I was unimpressed. I expected more from a Ford SUV and loved my Explorer. I wanted something a bit smaller and was hoping it would handle slightly better. What I ended up with was a lot less room, and an SUV built for someone who could not afford a real one. I would not reccomend this to my friends.
I love my new '08 Escape. It looks great, it?s fast and spacious. Gas mileage in the city has been about 19.8-21mpg. Excellent smooth ride on long trips. We have done 3500 miles in it. One problem - the rear makes a "rocking" noise when the vehicle is just about to stop. The dealer has it for a 2nd time and cant work out what it is? The rear brakes grind when you press the pedal when in P or N. Has anyone else had this problem? Very annoying! I may have a lemon? They should have put 4 disc brakes instead. Overall I love the SUV but this problem is driving me crazy. To date they have replaced the mirror motor on the drivers side, replaced a broken seal on the rear brakes and the left axle!
I've never driven an older Escape, but I have heard wonderful things about them. I loved this the moment I sat in the driver's seat. I was concerned about the gas mileage on the V6 AWD, but it's not too horrible. I wonder why they still have this old 4 speed transmission? That is one of the few downfalls. I have all the goodies, including XM and sunroof, but the standard stereo is absolutely awful! I knew Ford's stereos were always poor, but they should realize that many people make a huge buying decision in the stereo. I went from a newer VDub, so maybe I am just being a snob on the stereo aspect.
The new style 2008 Ford Escape is much more masculine than the past designs. It looks rugged and feels solid, however it clearly is much quieter than the ones in the past. There's plenty of room all around but entry seems about an inch or two too high for my bad knees. I can deal with that because overall, for the most part, this is a winner. Don't give up on Ford yet.
I was looking for a smaller vehicle to replace my '96 Ford Windstar without giving up too much storage. The new Escape XLT fit the bill perfect. The new Escape looks tough and does a great job for what I need. I am getting about 25mpg and very pleased with the looks and performance so far. My wife who drives an Accord V6 coupe would not come near the minivan, now I can't keep her out of the Escape, which is OK, since her Honda is a sweet ride! The Escape 4cyl does just fine in this little truck, it won't set any land speed records, but it has no problem merging with traffic and cruising with the pack, while delivering over 24mpg. Overall we are very pleased with our Escape. 
My old car was a Toyota 4Runner, but hated the gas mileage and pain at the gas stations. So I switched to an Escape. At first, I was worried I might lose lots of the space I had in the 4Runner, but a surprise! My Escape has as big an inside space as my old one. I might be wrong, because my old one was a mid- sized SUV, but at least I feel that way and I'm sure about that. My big dog can fit in easily behind the 2nd row seat along with some groceries without a problem. The engine is very smooth and peppy. The acceleration is a little slow, I think, but heck, I'm not a race car driver, nor do I want to waste gas for quick acceleration.
I didn't like the old Escape, so as soon as I saw the new Escape, I went to a dealer and test-drove one. It was much much quieter than the old one my brother is driving. Also, I like the front new grille. The price is also very reasonable compared to ridiculously asking price of a RAV4. I cross-shopped with a RAV4 and CRV and found the starting prices are similar, but once I add the same options a Escape has, the Japanese models cost $3K more. The feul economy is what I expected. It just gives me an everyday enjoyment on the road to work and home. I like the curtain bag, too.
'08 Escape XLS AWD is part of company car plan, best option of the 3 choices offered. Have had vehicle for 6 weeks, and just hit 5000 miles. Overall rate vehicle as fair. Unimpressed with engine power, cabin noise and vibration. Driver's seat is horrible, will fatigue you on short trips. Mileage is good (24 mpg on average mainly hwy). Little features missing like auto headlight shutoff, daylight running lights and seatback pockets. Had issue with vehicle starting after sitting for 2 days during first 1500 miles (imagine what might be in store after it gets 50k or more on it). I keep hoping for the best... but this isn't even close.
I just picked up the 2008 Ford Escape 4WD with the V6. I love this SUV. The handling and comfort is great with the leather interior. I wish it had more HP, but with all the interior cargo space and room in that little truck, I can't complain. Great value for the money. Fun to drive and I can really zip around, turns on a dime. Can't wait until winter.
I owned a Honda CRV but didn't like the driving. So, I checked out Ford Escape and loved it during the test drive. The driving was completely different from my old CRV. I felt I was so miserable driving the CRV. Now I'm more than happy with my Escape. The fuel economy is as good as CRV. I don't know why people say Japanese cars have better fuel economy than domestics. The fit and finish is awesome, too. I'm 6'2", but still snug enough in my Escape. Oh, by the way, it's much much quieter than the old CRV, and even my friend's new CRV or RAV4 I've driven. My friends envy me and tells me as soon as their CRV, RAV4 lease expires, they buy Escape
I've been driving my Escape for about 3 months and I can tell you this. This is the best buy with your money. This is the true money saver. Very quiet interior and the fit and finish is second to none. My kids like the cool exterior design, although I don't like the grille much, but overall it's a strong SUV with a very good feul economy and cargo space. The new instrument panel over the old model is greatly improved and the price is virtually unchanged. The driving is so much fun between my work and home. I should have bought this earlier. Ford seems to find out what customers really want except 5 speed auto.
Opted for the Escape over the RAV4 based on exterior design - looks more SUV like and handsome. Although the RAV4 has a stronger engine and better gas mileage. Always been a fan of Ford. First domestic I have bought in some years, let's see if the brand has improved.
I looked at several other Ford options including the Edge and opted for the 2008 Escape because of the overall lighter vehicle weight and somewhat smaller duratec 4 valve engine. This CUV is really excellent. Great new IP and we have the Sun and Sound package with satellite radio and a plug-in for my iPod. It is awesome. There is loads of places to put things with the Rear Cargo Convenience package. The center console has a drop-in insert that holds audio/cell phone stuff. When you remove this insert you can put lesser used items in the space just below the insert. Maps fit very well in map pockets. It handles very well and has RSC, roll stability standard.
I have owned this Escape for almost a month. It is very stylish and fun to drive. We live in a rural area and we average 23 mpg. I think it is also quieter than the 2005 Escape that we owned before. Overall I am very satisified with this vehicle.
We have a XLT 4WD and what a dramatic difference from the older versions...especially the interior...thank goodness. This new version is so much better in my opinion. Dramatically quieter and more comfortable and the prices are actually lower than last year's model. We have some very steep hills in our area with gravel roads and the all wheel drive handles them with ease without any loss of traction and the transmission does all the braking on the way downhill with little effort saving my brakes the wear and tear. Love this CUV!
I purchased my 08 Escape new. I loved my escape from the time I test drove it. With 7,500 miles on my car, it broke down on a 4 lane hwy in Taos, NM. the transmission was shot. We had trouble recovering any compensation for our vacation or the cost incurrred for hauling the lemon back to AR. We continue to have problems with the transmission and are in the process of purchasing a new vehicle and selling my once loved Escape. 
I have owned my Escape for just over 2 years now. I purchased it new. I have had to have it towed 3 times in two years. Bad sensors, bad transmission cooler, and possibly the transmission now. I have loved the look and comfort of this vehicle, but absolutely cannot depend on it. I don't have any issues with my dealership, they have always worked with me. But, I am truly dissatisfied with the vehicle, as I put many miles on it, and need to have reliability that it will get me from point A to point B. Will not buy a Ford again.
I just bought my escape and i totally love it, from the inside out, i like thats its a suv so i can sit up higer and see traffic better as apposed to being in a car being short and all its kinda nice i can also get in and out easily with out having to do the ole heave ho action getting into my suv, it rides smooth over speed bumps and on the road. i love that it gets good gas mialage for a suv. plus its easy to drive i dont feel like im driving a boat it feels like im driving a car but im up a lil higher i highly recomend this suv to anyone!
I researched this vehicle thoroughly, and was so happy when I finally purchased it. About a week after purchase, a white residue began showing up on the cloth seats when exposed to moisture (I made my purchase in December, in the mountains where snow is abundant). The transmission cooler went out about a mother after purchase. About a month after that, the exterior paint began chipping on the window moldings. All of the exterior moldings needed to be replaced. 
Ford knows that the transmission coolers on this particular SUV are failing prematurely. If you are lucky, it fails before 36k miles. If not, you are stuck with the bill. They will not recall. They will not stand behind the product. No more Fords for me.
My first Certified Used car purchase was to be my daily driver for Winter. The weekend I brought her home, Winter reared it's ugly head. Day two we had an ice storm and from that point forward, it was lots of snow, 25 below zero temps and the worst winter Chicago has seen in 25 years. My Escape handled the snow very well, started right up in the way below zero temps and was very reliable. I have had her only 7 months now, no problems and 26K on the speedometer. I'll be back next year for an update.
This is a fleet car that I have been able to drive for close to two years. 33K since Nov 2007. I have had to bring it in to FORD Dealers fr oscheduled maintenance per fleet terms and have had only one issue with a wire that needed to be replaced for the AWD ESC sensors. Other than that no mechanical issues. Great in the winter snow. Good visibility. A pleasure to drive. 
I don't understand why all the bad reviews, I bought this used in Nov 08. My oil cooler lines also went, I was told at the time that it's a common problem with the Escapes, but mine was fixed under warranty in a day. Lots of room for 4 people, great gas milage, enough pep for me for an SUV, these are not made to win races. I did add a K&N air filter and got more horsepower and better milage. 
Purchased in April 07, 3.0L Limited model with all options except Nav package. An exhaust manifold stud broke off in early 09, very lucky to find it on the garage floor! No mechanical problems with it so far at 38k. Brakes and tires will be replaced soon. I did buy an extended warranty for this vehicle, since my faith in Ford was not that good. They probably will never be able to match Honda, Toyota reliability/quality. Too bad. Interior quality like most US brands is poor, leather is paper thin and painted surfaces are not durable at all. Replaced battery with an Optima for security since my wife drives this car. If the powertrain lasts until 125k I will be very happy....
I've had my Escape for two years and am suprised at the negative reviews. I haven't had one problem with mine. I was actually involved in a serious accident last year and the Escape protected me. I was not injured. I do agree that they should not have put in a 4 speed tranny or used drum brakes but other than that I still love my Escape. I've had Fords all my life and only regret that I can't buy a new one every year.
July of 2007 I purchased my 2nd Escape. I traded a 2005 model for the 2008 due to transmission problems. Upon purchase of the 2008 I've had a constant spark knocking that even occurs with an 89 and 93 octane along with more tranny problems to boot. With the purchase of my 2008 Escape came a 60,000 mile drivetrain warranty which covers the transmission and motor. After 40,000 miles I just had to shell out $850 from my pocket because the transmission cooler started leaking which Ford conveniently would not cover under the warranty saying it was not part of the drivetrain. My advice to anyone thinging about buying the Ford Escape, save your money. I will NEVER own another Ford.
Took my 2008 escape to the dealer for problems before the 60,000 check-up. None were covered. It would cost $1,000 to fix. Steering wheel clunked - sounded like the tires were going to fall off, temp gauge didn't work, passenger airbag inconsistent, and most disappointing, the battery needs replaced and not covered - $220 outrageous charge to replace. Why would a battery go dead in under 2 years and not be covered. If I didn't come from a Ford family, I would not buy another Ford vehicle.
While I have had mine for only a week I can say I am in love with it.The reviews say it is slow 0-60,I say its not "race day",Acceleration suites me just fine.Other reviews state not enough power but those are the ones that bought it with a 4- cylinder..C'mon people,you dont buy this kind of vehicle with a 4-cylinder and expect the same power as a 6- cylinder..it wont happen.The sacrifice is the better mileage for less power.Personally,a 4-cylinder should stay where it belongs...in "sardine cans". Just one wish here,driver seat needs more/softer cushion for better comfort,But its not that bad.For those who want it to ride like a car,then buy a car,not an SUV. ~GO FORD~ A.B.
I am a tall guy that likes alot of head/leg room, as well as cargo room. During these recession times where fuel econemy is VERY important, I figured this is the closest SUV to a car as I will find, at an afforadable price. You will average about 22/24 mpg. (4 cylinder). Which I am OK with. The exterior body design has been given a more masculine truck like appearance which I like! For a tall guy (6'1) I have ample head room. Seats could be just a bit more comfy.
I've had my 08 Escape since June 07. On average it gets 20 MPG, which is suitable for me. Now, for the issues... first problem was at 24,000 miles, the tires needed to be replaced due to cupping noise despite the fact that I rotated them 3 times. Next, the water pump went at 27,000 miles. At 30,000 miles it was in the shop again for a transmission coolant leak. Also had to replace the black trim by the door windows, coating peels off. Other issues: seat fabric spots--like they've been spilled on a lot, but haven't!-looks nasty and old. Also, annoying rattle somewhere in back. I think that covers it!! Still, overall I love it! Lease is up in a year and I don't want to give it back! 
the intermittent rear wiper is inadequate on wet highway driving, the delay is too long between wipes causing rear window to get too dirty, causing poor rear visibility. the windsheild on my current vehicle has been hit and chipped by flying rocks no fewer than 10 times in 18 months, that is 10 times more than my previous 40 years of driving, coincidence or aerodynamics? the interior is too noisy on the highway and makes listening to the very good sound system a frustrating experience. 
Last week, I was carrying 1100 lbs of household goods from Vandenberg AFB, Lompoc, CA to Malstrom AFB, Great Falls, MT, when I experienced major transmission problems. The Transmission Cooler sprung a leak, causing 5 qts of tran. fluid to leak out. The gears wouldn't shift correctly from first to second gear and the car was stalling at every stop light. After a $900 bill, I thought the issue was the weight, but the car could tow over 3500 lbs, according to the manual. If I were you, I wouldn't buy this car or you will eventually have the same problems. The car is under powered and Ford's manufacturing quality is still poor. 
I absolutely LOVE my new Ford Escape. I've had it for about 6 months now, and I love it just as much today as the first day I bought it. The design is so gorgeous inside and out. The V6 has a lot of get up. It's extremely comfortable. I see other Escapes on the road and smile because it really is a GREAT looking car. Everyone who rides in it is surprised by how nice it really is. In fact, a friend of mine went out and bought one last week. I definitely recommend this to everyone.
I purchased my ESCAPE in 08/2008 and I simply love this vehicle. For a V6, fuel economy is great. I have the FWD version and it is great in the snow. So far the only issue I've noticed is that sometimes the temperature indicator switches C to F, but you can correct it manually, no big deal.
My family and I have owned Ford vehicles for over a decade now and all of us have been pleased with our vehicles. Recently, when it was time for me to purchase a new car, I looked to the Ford Escapes to replace my beloved '97 Ford Explorer. I ended up purchasing a 4 cylinder '08 Escape and I must say, I have not been impressed with it. I bought this car as a fuel-efficient replacement to my '97 Explorer. What I found was that my new '08 Escape actually less fuel efficient than my older Explorer, which was made over a decade earlier. I was so impressed with my '97 Explorer that it blinded me into a brand loyalty towards Ford. But now after buying this new, smaller, 
We do a lot of landscaping around the house so we purchased this SUV primarily to provide us a way to move larger materials around that wouldn't fit in a regular car. For that task it's a great vehicle, the fold down seats in the back (though a multi-step process) provide a lot of space that allows storage/transport of most anything. We were so impressed with the quality of the Limited package we've also used the car as our primary vehicle to drive to and from work. We've leased this vehicle, and I suspect we'll keep with the Escape next year when the lease is up. Initially we favored the fuel economy of the 4-cylinder, but after test driving both I was sold on the V6's extra power.
I bought mine 2 months ago as a daily driver so my Mustang can stay in the garage. The second day I had it, the Chicago winter turned extreme for the next 6 weeks. Ice storms, snow falls averaging 3-5" 3 days a week, -40 degree wind chill and this little SUV was a pleasure to drive. This car is outdoors and it started with no problem when we dropped way below zero and the 2WD handled the snow. I was worried buying a used car with 20K on it and no history, but the car is made well and I had no problems. I love my little Escape. I would not have made it to work on many of those days in my Mustang.
I bought this Escape after owning an Explorer for many years & I love it. I did a lot of research on this vehicle and came to the conclusion that this was my Explorer but smaller & hoping that it had better gas mileage. No real problems to report as yet, except the rear brakes screech when backing up, the dealer says this is normal? I work for an auto shop & my boss would shoot us if we told a customer that! (the neighbor has a 2008 Escape too & his rear brakes do the same thing)I have a 100k warranty & still have the 36k warranty.Overall a great deal. It drives smooth, pick up could be a little better, but it is comfortable and drives very nice. 
I love my vehicle but disappointed at the number and variety of transmission issues. My vehicle chugs in reverse and currently dealerships are finding lots of transmission cooler issues. Basic bumper to bumper warranty doesn't cover loaner vehicles and the repairs can take a long time (both due to work involved and part back orders). 
For my first ride, this Escape is a choice I have yet to regret. I got it more for safety (for my child), but the design (both interior and exterior) caught my eye from the start. I wish the engine had a little more bite, especially since it's mated with a 5-speed manual, but its not too bad nonetheless. It was worth the money I paid.
I've been pretty happy so far with my purchase, it's loaded with everything, it handles great on icy and snowy roads, stereo is OK, could be lots better, comfort isn't too bad, seats could be softer, I did have problems with a exhaust sensor, and the roof rack always rattling, got that fixed great small SUV
I purchased an 2008 Escape because I need something with a little more and still got good gas mileage and I found it. My mom has an 06 and I liked that it wasn't so big and seemed fairly easy to drive. I am a woman I don't need some massvie thing and it is my first SUV. It took $25 to fill it up last week and when gas prices were higher I only paid $40 to fill it up. I have had no problems. Very happy with my purchase.
I have owned this Escape for about six months and have put 19500 miles on it already. My commute is 120+ miles a day and I feel like it is five. There is no vibration, road noise is minimal and I can see without blind spots even with teenagers in the backseat. I am a 5'9" woman and have no difficulty with seat positioning or steering and love the fact that it turns on a dime. Turns so smooth- Just like my old 76 Bronco from high school. Also have a toddler and the carseat latch features are so easy. Plenty of 'kick' room for her legs too. Perfect height for placement of little ones, she can see out and I have no more back aches from the bend and stretch of buckling her. 
Bought this car in July '08. Replaced an '06 Ford Escape. Have had nothing but problems. I love the car design, comfort, features. So far I have had it in the shop 4 times, in 4 months! Starting with a steering problem. The left boot shaft keeps slipping. Ford has informed me that they have 'no fix' and to just keep bringing it back in. replaced shocks, struts, set toe, recalibrated steering wheel, caster camber,alingment etc. all within 3,000 miles. Now at 8,000 miles, I have taken it in for a right front half shaft leak, cv boot, which leaked on and blew the engine sensor. Replaced the engine sensor, oxygen sensor, instrument panel. Now the steering is sloppy again and taking it back again!
I have not owned this vehicle very long but, so far, it is the best SUV I have owned. I live in Minnesota and snow is a big thing. This little baby just scoots through the snow. I even tested it against a Jeep in the snow, and it out performed it like nothing. Ride is a little rough but fun to drive.
This was an anniversary gift for my wife and she can be picky. She is in love with this little SUV. The leather interior is up there with the best I've seen in Audi or Volvo. The power is up there with the V8 in my Grand Marquis. Glass moonroof is awesome. Sound system is incredible. I'm not trying to exaggerate the review but this has been the best car we have ever purchased and I have owned 15 or so. 
Had the little bugger for 6 months, less than 10K miles, when a big bad dog ran out in the interstate at Waco. Little car in front of me slammed on brakes, I smashed her, then a huge fully loaded 18 wheeler slammed me. Escape was obviously 100% totaled. I walked away, minor bruising. I am blessed. That 5 star safety rating paid off big time! It works!
4 months of owership now and am quite pleased with the car. In my review in 06/08 I mentioned I went from a Focus hatchback to the Escape since Ford discontinued the hatch, why? ask Ford, it was a great auto. The 4 cyl. is not for you if you like 0-60 in record time. It will get you to interstate speeds but not in a hurry, just fine for me. Cruises along very nicely. Cruise control smooth. Electric PS great. Lots of storage, cavernous with the back seat flat. 24+ MPG around town with AC. Seats I had described as a bit hard are now quite comfortable. Still miss a telescoping steering wheel but power driver seat gives a satisfactory position. All controls illuminated in blue at night, excellent.
I bought my 2008 For Escape in Jan 2008. First 2000 miles was good I had no complaints. Then a rattle started in the back hatch. The rattle would get worse until the back hatch would work its way loose and the light indicator on the dash would come on that I had a door open.wWuld stop the vehicle get out shut the hatch. I've had it to the dealership 11 times for this. Now it leaks when it rains in the front drivers floorboard. I've had it back 3 times for the leak, still none of the problems are fixed.
I purchased the Limited edition less than a month ago and just reached 1000 miles. So far I think it is a fun little SUV to drive. We had out first winter storm in Alaska and it handled very well on the ice and snow. I kept my 2000 GMC truck for bad winter days but now feel confident in driving the Escape too.
Overall I love the car! There is plenty of room, although the seats could be a bit more comfortable, and more trunk space. I love the sun roof, and the smoothness of the car. 
I also still own a 02 Escape XLT, so i feel my review is based on that. I have only owned the car since July new off the lot, so my experince so far is good. Compared to the 02 model, the exterior and interior are from two different worlds, but the engine is still the same. It's real slow of the line, feels like I need to press gas pedal down further to get going. Can hear the engine a little too much, much not that bad with the free 6 month Sirius subscription they give you, I can deal with it. Ford really made this one more manly to drive than the previous models.
Overall a nice little SUV. Tends to be a little more top heavy than on other SUV's I have driven. I do like the fact that it feels bigger on the road than it really is. Visibility is good in it. Feels solid when you driving. My mileage is around 23 on the highway and goes from 17 to 20 in town. Not great but for an SUV, it's adequate. 
The first time I drove my Escape I knew I loved it and wanted it. Comfortable height for getting in and power when I need to pass and pick up speed. Lots of room and great visibility. After 10 months of ownership I opened my door at the mall for Christmas shopping and the top bolt fell out pulling the door from the hinge. Quick reflexes I caught the very heavy door and managed to lift it and secure the hinge. The bolts on the doors secure upward and the safety had fallen off without my knowing, thus every time I opened the door it loosened the bolt a bit more. Apparently a hinge defect. The hinge was replaced with reinforcements around the bolt. The door doesn't always shut properly now.
I am having problems with my front seats. They are spotting and turning from black to gray. The dealership says they have had complaints, but there is nothing they can do except clean them. They won't replace them, only clean them. I've had my Escape since March and have had to have them cleaned already! I did some research and found out these seats are made from some type of recycled material. Just wondering if anyone else has had this problem. Other than that, I love my Escape.
So far it's one of the better crossovers I've driven. Rides a little hard but if you want soft buy a car. MPG is excellent so far about 28 average (I drive about half and half city and highway with and without ac.) Lots of little storage pockets. Don't care for the light switch being down by my knee. Lots of room I'm 6,4" and a big guy and I'm comfortable. Radio buttons take some getting used to as do AC controls not bad just different. Wish I had gotten the 09 more power
This month my fiance was driving my 2008 Escape and I was passenger when we were in a side impact collision. All of the airbags including the side curtain airbags (which are standard on 2008-2009 models) were deployed. We walked away bruised but we walked away. This vehicle drives like a car. I will recommend it to anyone. It is safe, reliable, and the only problem mine had was that the back glass liked to rattle a bit. But I love everything about it and I'm out looking for a 2009 model now. 
Got everything we wanted for $5k less than Toyota or Nissan. Very impressed with it so far. On a recent trip to Tennessee we had no problems at all and were very comfortable for the 3500 mile trip. 
I'm loving the ride. It's very smooth on gravel roads. Its trail capability is very good. I have no complaints about the mileage. Approximately 580km/tank city driving, that all depends on your driving habits. Just love driving it
I have been in the automobile industry for over 30 years and after living in three continents and after owning Hillmans, Opels, Fiats, Citrons, Toyotas, Hondas, Hyundais, Mopars (Chryslers), GMs, and Fords, I can say that this SUV is the most satisfying vehicle I have owned so far. It meets all my current needs almost perfectly. It is the right size for me, fit and finish are great, it is quiet, performance, for a 4 cyl SUV, is brilliant, it has all the right features and it averages 24 MPG in the city and 29 MPG in the highway. If you are on the market for a small SUV, go ahead and test drive them all, you cannot go wrong with this one! 
I started noticing Ford Escapes in traffic a couple of years ago, and liked what I saw. I was only 3 years into owning my Hyundai at that ime so I thought, in a couple of years when I am looking to buy a new car, I need to test drive an Escape. Time passed, and I read up on all the small SUV's in my price range out there. I noticed how entusiastic almost all 2008 Escape owners were, so that was my first and only test drive. Upon climbing in I immediately noticed how high the vehicle sets without feeling "top heavy". All the dash controls were laid out very ergonomically while also looking modern, stylish, and upscale. Driving it was as easy and fun as I had thought it would be.
Trouble free so far in its first 2K miles and 12 hour trip to California. Perfect fit and function for an active family. Nice size cargo space and if needed roof rack is ready for extra cargo. The SUV is not a speed demon, but I have been averaging 28 MPG. I love the fact that I climb in and out the SUV vs. crawl in and out. Loading the baby into the car seat is comfortable since I can stay standing while I buckle him into his car seat. I would highly recommend my SUV to anyone.
I bought my 2008 Ford Escape in Feb of this year. I traded in an 2001 2 door Chevy Cavalier for my Escape. At first I was a little hesitant about purchasing a larger vehicle, but I must say after 6 months of drving my Escape, I love it more and more every day. On average I am getting 23.9 milles a gallon(not highway)Highway mileage is around 26 mpg. I have the light sage and it's just such a cute car to drive. It's roomy without being overwhelming, and it handles great. 
It is with pleasure that I drive an SUV that is fuel efficient. I drove for 12 hours in one day and did not feel uncomfortable at all as the interior seats provide good support for my back and there is plenty of leg room in this vehicle. The Sirius satellite radio is very enjoyable. The size of the moonroof that Ford is using is excellent and makes a driver feel that they can actually enjoy having a vehicle with a moonroof. The Escape is excellent value for the dollar on both the vehicle's price, equipment, and the fuel economy a driver will get.
I got a lemon. My Escape was great for the first 6 months and now it seems to be in the shop every week. Back hatch mechanism failed twice, had to replace condenser motor because of a transmission leak. My temperature and door lock options on the convience package change on there own and ford has no fix yet. Fog lights are filling up with water and shorting out. 
I went from a Toyota Camry XLE to the Ford Escape XLT. It was a little bit of an adjustment going from a luxury vehicle to a rugged one. However, pleased with the style, color and overall design. The pickup on my 4 cyl Escape could be a little better, since the Camry was also 4 cyl and never felt the difference with acceleration. The interior is a nice Stone color and I love how the cupholders are positioned. Almost like I have 4 of them to use.The purchase of the Escape was wonderful. The best process I have ever encountered purchasing an SUV. I received below invoice pricing based on my company discount and was treated like anyone else. The Escape does suit my needs at this time. 
I loved the new body style of the Escapes. They look like a mini-explorer, with a greater fuel economy. Ride is nice and interior is well built. The look is much tougher than the previous body. I drive a lot of highway miles and I am averaging 23 mpg with the 4 cylinder 4x4. I believe it is rated just higher than that (25-26). Debated about the 6 cylinder 4x2, but happy with my choice. 
My experience of the Escape has been a nightmare! I am on my second 2008 Escape this year. The first one had braking issues and after being in the shop for an entire month, they exchanged me for another 2008 Escape. This one has been no different. I have owned this one for 9 days and already it will be in the shop for 3 days for ABS, Traction control and a loud Vibration that actually slows the vehicle down. All the issues with both have been rear end and braking issues. Not good! I have been in rental vehicles for 5 weeks now. So not only did I get one lemon, I actually have had two! I've driven Ford all my life so this is my 1st bad experience. Not very good gas mileage, not what was specified.
It was time to look for a vehicle with better gas mileage while providing my first priority, roominess! My 2006 Grand Cherokee, my third, only got 15.5 MPG around town, about 75% of my driving. I need room and a hard rear floor for scuba tanks, coolers, spearguns, golf clubs, telescopes and, oh yeh, business samples. Also, I'm 6'3" and the new Ford Escape fit as well on me as my much thirstier Grand Cherokee. I mentioned I was looking for much improved mileage, so when I saw this Vista Blue 5-speed I said let's take a test-drive. A winner in terms of what I was looking for. Sold! My first tank averaged out to 22.8 MPG and I probably did only 20% highway. Very pleased. 
Got rid of my big ole gas guzzling F-150, but did not want to go back to a car. I like the cabin room, and cargo room of an SUV, but also with gas prices the way they are wanted something that was fairly decent on gas. The new somewhat redesigned 2008 Escape caught my attention! It has a little bit stronger, more masculine exterior look to it, which I like! Most important is the better fuel economy. My F-150 had a 27 gallon tank, Ouch! The interior design is a little plain but very roomy. It's very fun to drive! I think I made a wise decision. I also got a cheaper truck note when I got the Escape. That's always nice too. 
My wife and I were looking at many SUV's in this size range - Rav4, Highlander, Mitsubishi Outlander, Escape, Jeep Liberty, etc. When we sat in this Escape XLT with leather interior and sunroof, it felt head and shoulders above all the rest. The ride is smooth. The V6 packs plenty of power while maintaining a fairly solid fuel economy (~25 mpg for our use) The exterior design just looks beautiful and makes you want to drive out to Yosemite National Park for a campout. The seats are comfortable. The interior is very roomy and the design is very nice/elegant for the lady while retaining enough of that rugged look for me. We have had the car now for one month and it rocks!
I recently purchased a Ford Escape. I wasnt looking to buy at the time but we needed a bigger car since we wanted to expand our family. I test drove it the first day and fell in love with it. I loved that I sat higher and felt safe having my child in the car with me as well it was silent and handled great. Didn't even know the engine was on half the time. I owned a Dodge Neon SXT and it was cramped and small and at times and it wasn't big enough for the two of us so had to upgrade. I have owned 3 Dodges, 1 Ford, and 1 Chevy. Needless to say I am very impressed. I dont know what I get gas mileage wise yet. I only have 1100 on it but I'm looking forward to seeing what it gets!
Traded in my 2005 Jeep Liberty and couldn't be happier! It rides and drives like a car but still gives me the comfort of knowing I can get through snow. I use this for a lot of stop and go driving and find that the fuel mileage is great. A little low power on hills but for 4 cyl and better mileage it's worth it. Sunroof is a must. Lots of leg room, comfortable in back, AC Max is "Cool" right away. Hidden compartment in console is nice to stash valuables out of sight. No more problems with spinning of rear wheels in wet weather like the Jeep. Took it on a short trip, cruise worked really nice. Overall, this was the best trade in I could've made to stay in 4WD, have comfort, and be fuel eff. 
Editors get paid to find weak points in all vehicles. Overall I think the Escape is a "sleeper" in today's gas guzzling SUV, 4.00/gallon gas world we live in. I mean this lil SUV is known for been fairly good on fuel (19-26 mpg) and is fairly inexpesive. Yea its not perfect but the fuel efficiency alone is the prime reason I got it! As that's hard to find in an SUV. Decent factory sound sytstem, and plenty of room. I love my 08 Escape, it's fun to drive! 
This is my first SUV, upsized from the Taurus (had 2 previously). This is the vehicle I always looked at but until the new look came they just weren't what i was looking for, but now I have my "lil truck" and I couldn't be happier. It's a bit smaller seating wise compared to my Taurus but this is can be overlooked as this is a second vehicle. There is a bit less storage than in my car but plenty of room for groceries and shopping. Its comfy and smooth ride. It's cheaper on gas than my car was also, which to everyone these days is a must! I love my Escape.
After 185K miles on my Taurus I decided to go Ford again, Even though I had GM card and accululated $2K I bought the Escape after my first test drive. Love the look of it, love the interior. I do not like SUV's with shift on the dashboard - looks silly, love it on the Escape. 
I have been debating for some time now on trading my 2003 G35 coupe and 1997 Chevy S-10 in. We wanted to consolodate vehicles. So, my wife suggested we start looking around. It was hard parting from my G35, and I was not sure that the Escape would be a good replacement (as flashy or fun). The vehicle that we purchased was a 2008 Limited 4WD that was pratically loaded. My wife sat in the front seat and was love at first site. Once I started driving it around town I fell in love as well and forgot all about my G.......(what).
Traded one of our 8 cyl rucks for this vehicle. Couldn't be happier. Great SUV. Wanted the truck feel when we traded. Tried the car, but just couldn't do it when you were used to a truck. 
Turned in 05 Focus 4dr hatch w/12000 miles. Would have gotten another but Ford discontinued hatch. Need a vehicle to lug around all sorts of stuff (Home Depot) etc. The Escape XLT 4cyl auto. was all that was left for my budget. Stayed with Ford for great discount. Car is different. The 4cyl auto is not as snappy as the Focus but adequate. Like the driving height but miss the telescoping wheel. Electric power steering is great as is the handling. It has a very solid feel when driving. Seats a bit hard but may improve with use. 4 speed auto should be 5 and is not as smooth shifting as the Focus. Cruise control fine. Interior satisfactory. 
I've had my Escape 3 weeks know. Traded in a 2 door coupe for more room and more comfortable seating. The Escape has plenty of room and the seating is very comfortable. I very happy with the MPG so far - 27.4 MPG (mostly highway driving). Love it!
This is my second Escape, the first being a 2002 Ltd. I returned my Volvo XC90 at the end of its Lease. Decided to do some economizing. Get away from premium gas and buy something with better mpg. The improvements/features over my 2002 are substantial. Most things have been improved greatly, some things fall under "if it ain't broke why did you try to fix it...but made it worse?" Parking brake release and twist locks on roof rake. Though, 5-6 speed trans would be nice. The 4 speed shifts very smooth compared to the 6 speed in my Volvo. But, with all that I am enjoying the truck!
The 2008 is just great to handle and drive and the recent model update (outside looks) is awesome. The size is perfect and the leather seats that are available with the limited have made it really easy to keep clean with my big ol' dogs I haul around.
I was a little skeptical about getting an American made car because they don't hold their value as well but I just didn't want to spend over $30K for an SUV. We wanted an SUV to fit two kids and a dog, and the Escape is perfect! Tons more room than our tiny Honda Civic but not a gas guzzler like Explorers and such. The Escape is great on gas, handles very well, the turning ratio is better than other SUVs we test drove. It's very inexpensive to insure too! Smooth and comfy ride. Love my Escape, in the future we'll look into the hybrid!
This car is great! I owned a 2006 and the lease was up.They have done a wonderful job (Ford) upgrading this vehicle. The satellite radio, instrument cluster, and the fun of the drive are my favorites. It handles like a dream.
I had a 2005 XLT Escape and loved it but liked the look of the 2008 more. Have had the vehicle for 6 months and it is great. Drive 80 miles a day for work and the performacne and ride is excellent. For the price the Escape is and great. 
I sold my Yukon XL and wasn't ready to move down in size to a car so I had never really thought about the Escape because I wasn't crazy about the older body style. My Mom talked me into test driving one from the dealership where she worked. I loved it! My daughter loved it too. So, I figured out the colors and options I wanted and the dealership found one for me. I love it! 
I brought the 2008 Ford Escape as a late Christmas gift to myself! I have been driving my husbands ChevyS10 pickup so this was a nice change. I love the feeling of still sitting up high and love they way it drives. It is fun to drive. I absolutely love my moonroof! I am taking it on a long trip in 2 months from Florida to Connecticut and I am sure it is gonna be a much more comfortable ride than riding in the Chevy truck. I am actually looking forward to this trip. Gas mileage is about 19 in the city which isn't too bad. Not sure about highway since I haven't really taken it too far yet on the highway.
Switched from awd to 2wd -- and I'm doing alright (not needed in tx). Needed room for dogs, with better mileage than I got with my wagon. This is it! Worst case, my first mileage estimate is 27 mpg with 70 hwy/30cty. Better than expected! I had to find something under 20k, and used wasn't practical--I rack up the miles. It has my bare necessities, but I miss the seamless cargo space of my wagon (the Escape has gaps, with dangerous pins in them)--until my custom mats are made, I'll have to keep travel crates in the car. Other than that, why are they still doing drum brakes? 
Switching from a Subaru Outback to this is refreshing. It feels lighter than the 'ru ever did, and gets 8 mi/gal more (judging from the first fillup). Drove CR-V, Rav, and the new styles had horrible visibility! Escape still has it. And the price is so much better! I got a new base model for the same as a high-mileage used of the others. While it is reported to be more sluggish, I don't find anything fatally bad about it. It suits my needs as a dog trainer, without breaking the bank at the pump.
I thought I would never go back to American made cars again. I had a 2001 CRV until the trans died a few months ago. The Escape is rugged looking, sits higher, has a very smooth ride and fun to drive. It has a lot of interior room. Lots of head room and a quiet ride. Love the crome grill and the the keyless doors and back latch. Just gettting 18 MPG in city so far. Also brakes are a bit soft. Hope that will improve. Really enjoying the car.
I replaced my 02' Mercury Mountaineer- 6cyl-AWD-that was getting about 12miles to the gallon for this great 08 Escape. I get on average of 23-25mpg and I love it. Everytime I go to the gas pump I smile--except at the prices of course. I had test driven the Jeep Patriot and Liberty but wasnt satisfied. Once I got behind the wheel of the Escape I knew. I love the Vista Blue Metallic, it's gorgeous! This is my 1st vehicle with a sunroof and it has spoiled me. I also love the satellite radio-NASCAR! This is my first new vehicle-I definitely made a wise choice.
After a week and a half I'm very impressed. If Mazda had had the right colors I would have had a Tribute because I really enjoyed my 05 Lapis Lasuli blue one - but a tree fell on it while I was driving. So the Escape's exterior color and other features were attractive. It has more room than some compact SUVs. The 5 speed manual really makes it perk up performance wise and I think the combination of 4cyl and manual will save me a little gas money. I just feel more in control of the car with manual. I'm waiting to see if the standard tires Continental Crosstrac wear out as fast as they did on my Tribute - 30,000 miles even with servicing.
Have had pickups and large suvs past 20 years. Finally gave up f150. This Escape is so fun to drive, comfortable and quiet cpmpared to CR-V and Rav4, loaded and only cost 21000, v6 and 4wd. So far 22 mpg, better if cruise not used. Interior finish is neat, and exterior is sharp and finish is superb. We like this so much we are thinking of trading wife's Expedition for another.
I traded my 01 Ford Ranger 4x4 for my Escape, and love my Escape. I use it for commuting, and pleasure - mileage on highway is about 24-25. In town it drops to 18-19. The V-6 is adequate for power. Handling is what sets this vehicle above others I tested. AWD is excellent - no problem with snow, ice, sleet. Inside is comfortable, and good visibility. We take it more than our Lexus for around town.
I recently traded in my 2005 Ford Escape for a 2008 Ford Escape. I went over that vehicle with a fine tooth comb. Then I did it again. I drove the Vue Red Line, Cx7, CRV, Element and an X3. The Ford won hands down! This vehicle was made for me. I got the Satellite Radio, Monnroof, Convenience Package, Sport Wheels and too many other options to list. I have had complete strangers come up to me and ask to take a look because they havent seen one and want to take a peek. Its amazing! I have had it for 3 weeks and already have 1600 miles on it. It's just FUN to drive! Ford has done an amazing job on this redesign! This is my 4th Ford. I wont even look at a Chevy! 
This vehicle is not something you are going to want if you are looking for the drive of your life, but if you're looking to have an economical vehicle that looks pretty good, then this is the one for you. I did have a couple proplems with some of the features when I first got my car, but Ford was more than happy to fix those up for me. All in all this is probably on of the best cars I've owned. I enjoy the smill I have every time I fill up my gas tank.
I purchased the hybrid solely because of the price of gas; approaching $5/gal. I was driving a Tahoe Z71 that had a 25 gal. tank that I had to fillup every 5-6 days. I came from a Cadillac to a geo. When I accelerate up a hill it sounds like a cheap sewing machine; unbearable. The interior carpet and leatherette seats are cheaply made. I had to brake quickly the other evening and slid sideways. No traction. 
The Ford Escape Hybrid does not only get great mileage for a SUV but also has very low pollution emissions. I like the styling and don't feel I compromised on any factors when I bought it. I have kept a spreadsheet of actual mileage and have maintained an overall 31 mpg. The worst case mileage is log distance highway driving at 70+ mph when my FEH got 28 mpg. Around town and using hypermiling techniques I have gotten 35+ mpg.
I bought this for the boss to replace a mini-van we outgrew. We wanted to downsize but not give up comfort and the ability to haul stuff from time to time. Oh yes, we wanted to use less gas as well. The Escape Hybrid did all these things for us. It gets a consistent 30MPG which certainly meets our expectations. We have not had any trouble with it whatsoever. Frankly, I didn't expect it to be this good but Ford, so far, has exceeded my expectations with regard to reliability. As an engineer, I appreciate and respect this as a technological achievement. The shop manuals for it have been enlightening and entertaining. To the boss it's "push this to go; this to stop". It works for both of us.
It was the price that got us in the door. Then it was the vehicle, and good salesmanship that kept us there. We drove our Escape Hybrid from Spearfish to Rapid City, and we knew that we had made the right decision. My wife says "It is quiet & relaxing like Grandmom's Studebaker".
When I bought my FEH in May 2007, I was looking for a more economical replacement for my Hummer H2 that I absolutely loved, that is until I had to feed it! I was spending $600 - $900 per month on fuel and could no longer justify that expense. I did not want to buy the 4WD FEH initially until I could determine whether I could be happy in the pint sized replacement. I purchased the 2008 FEH FWD and to my absolute amazement, it surpassed my expectations in every way! It not only delivers 2.5 to 3 times the gas milease I was getting in my H2 but it had more cargo space and great acceleration. From my home in Dallas, I regularly get 32 - 37 MPG driving to and from Austin.
I purchased my Escape after having to finally get rid of an 11-year-old Crown Vic. I wanted something that we could take camping and that would be safe/comfortable to travel in but that would get good fuel economy in the city. I have not been disappointed with my choice! The car is easy to drive. Since it is a hybrid that depends on braking to recharge the battery, it tends to get better gas mileage with long, slow stops (at least that's what I've noticed). I thought that going from a V8 to the hybrid would be a shock, but this vehicle really has some get-up-n- go. The seats are easy to move and clean, and I've never had any engine trouble.
Took delivery of FEH in 6/24/08. The moment I drove it home I knew this was a keeper. It has plenty of power and yet it gets good mileage. I get about 6.7 lt/100 KM in a small town and 7.1 on the highway. It is quiet in electric drive (stealth mode). We bought an upscale model with most of the toys including the AWD. The ease of getting in/out is also a plus. The front leather seats are very comfortable. Interior lighting gives it a classy look at night. The ownership, to date, has been a pleasure. It is a bit disconcerting at first when the engine shuts down in traffic. I don't mind when the ECON switch (on) shuts down the AC in traffic (I can take a litle heat) I just thnk about the gas.
I've had the vehicle for about 6 months. Bought the top-of-the-line and enjoyed it very much. It looks good, get great mileage (31 average). About a month after I bought it, it would start. Turned out there was a loose wire in the built in security system Last week, wrench light went on. Had to have a vent to cool the batteries replace. Hope this isn't a sign of things to come.
I drove a BMW X5 4.4 for five years prior to trading for the Escape Hybrid. Gas prices were part of my decision, and I honestly wanted to be one of the voices clamoring for Detroit to get with the program and invest in alternative powertrains. I loved the build quality and engineering excellence of the BMW. I expected that switching to a more pedestrian Ford was going to be full of compromise. Certainly, the finishes are less luxurious (recycled plastic instead of leather dash, fewer adjustments in the seating, etc), but overall, I have been quite satisfied. If I had it to do all over again, I would do it all over again. 
I love the idea of a hybrid SUV and I am happy to "buy American" I have had my new Ice Blue Escape (I call her Sky) for about a month and I am getting about 35.5 MPG! I am a high mileage driver and was driving a 2002 Explorer and getting about 15 MPG. That was my 2nd Explorer. I am dissapointed at the hardness of the center console and the arm rests. The leather is a little stiff and I have a rattle in the center console where it meets the dash. My biggest concern is a rather loud noise in the back hatch that appeared after I drove on a slightly rough road in the 2nd week. It seems to be coming from inside the door near the Ford emblem. I don't want to "accept" this or get used to it.
I will echo much of the positive remarks about this vehicle although the one thing that is inconsistent between reviewers is mileage. In New England the weather is so variable by season that I actually charted my mileage for each fill up. In winter months with heat and electric seat heaters I could get 22 - 24 mpg. In the spring I shot back up to 30 mpg. Max mileage reached was 31.5 and that was only 3 times. The economy mode button helps by cutting out the engine at traffic lights so blowers will still work but not AC or heat. That's ok for short pauses. The one thing inconsistent is the HEV or hybrid display of mileage - it is always higher than reality by 1.5 - 2.5 miles. 
We have owned our 2008 Ford Escape Hybrid for almost one year. It has been a great car. We have had no problems with it of any sort. I had a good test of the AWD last winter when traveling a lonely state highway in a full-on snowstorm. There was 3-4 inches of snow on the road and the Escape handled it beautifully. The Highway Partol closed the road right after I made it through due to other vehicles involved in accidents. Our milage is a very consistent 27 to 28 MPG, whether city or highway. In very hot weather the city mileage drops if the A/C can't be kept in the "economy" mode. If the A/C is not in "economy" the gas motor runs all the time. Great car! Buy it if you can find one!
I bought my Escape Hybrid AWD in March 2007, shortly after they came out. I have averaged 31 MPG with this vehicle, driving 80% city, 20% highway. I couldn't be happier with this SUV. I am impressed by the improvements in ride and road noise (I own a 2001 Escape as well). The fit and finish have been great and it just right for both my 4' 11" wife and my 6'2" self. I live in Colorado, it has done very well in the mountains and the power of the 133 HP 4 cylinder backed up by the electric motor is equivalent to the V6 gas Escape I have. I think this vehicle is well worth looking at if you are considering a hybrid SUV and you have a small family (2 kids) like my self. Ford has done a nice job.
I purchased my 2008 last summer, and have no regrets. We've had the orange wrench light come on a few times though. Although there were no observable problems, they had to replace cooling fans, motors, etc. I suspect the system detects potential problems quickly. I get around 37MPG in winter, and 33MPG in summer (with AC running most of the time (Tucson, AZ)). There's a squeak sound coming from a motor somewhere. It sounds like a clutch engaging/disengaging. They repaired it once by replacing the AC motor, but it has returned. I'm due for my 20k soon, so I'll have them check it at that time.
Leather Interior needs to be more comfortable, but overall this is a great vehicle and will buy another one. Very reliable and gas mileage is great even with my lead foot. Finally the US automakers have something to be really proud of. Over 21,000 miles of hard driving and no problems! Highly recommended!
I ordered the Escape with all options and it arrived in 3 weeks. The quality is excellent. If only it had stearing wheel controls for the radio and navigation system. It is somewhat distracting to take your eyes off the road to change radio stations, or enter a new destination on the nav system. Other than that the Escape is a great vehicle. Leather seats are comfortable, and the interior is very well dressed up. Rear seats fold nicely flat. Plenty of room for 4 people and luggage for a week in the rear. Tires are quite and smooth, but the continental tires are not good in the winter. Goodyear tires would be a much better choice.
I was determined to buy a hybrid and I guess I was lucky to get one but I had to pay a premium for it. I am not sure it was worth it - I think you give up quality in other areas. I will have to say that the quality is no where near as nice as the Expedition I had prior. Some of the interior and exterior portions of the car are cheap plastic and scratch very easy. have a fully loaded model except for the navigation system. I am getting about 25 miles to the gallon but if you like to stay cool during the summer months forget driving in electric mode - the one thing they don't tell you is you won't go electic with the AC on even in econ mode!
The Escape Hybrid has surpassed my '71 Firebird as the coolest car I've ever owned. It's great to have the load capacity of an SUV on the same gas mileage as the Camry Hybrid. Driving this vehicle is a fun challenge - to see how efficient you can be! Technique definitely matters - no jackrabbit starts, coast as much as possible, avoid excessive speed and you'll see 32-33 mpg without a problem. I live in South FL and so far, no problems with the a/c on economy mode; car stays cool with the fan & recirc. air. I did a lot of research before buying. Settled on this vs. Camry Hybrid (equivalent in style & fuel economy) due to max. tax credit, lower price, better load capacity.
I am so happy I bought this car! I traded in my BMW X5 and year later I know I made the right decision. I am getting about 35mpg vs the 10mpg in the X5. I highly reccomend this car. I also got a $4000 tax credit from the IRS for purchasing a hybrid vehicle. The dealership doesn't want you to know that because they are trying to sell the non-hybrid versions. If you have to have an SUV this is a great truck!
3,789 miles and averaging 30 mpg with awd drive model. No problems what so ever. Interior could use some more padding on door arm rest and drivers seat could use more adjustment for tall drivers. I highly recomend the car. also a bigger battery so the hybrid could run more on battery
It is everything I wanted and I feel so good about helping the environment. The mileage is still improving at 29.8 MPG. I have 4x4 for winter and offroad driving and the features are top shelf.
We ordered our Escape and had to wait 1 week for delivery, loaded has everything possible. Sleek Black w/Chrome trim. Love the drive, roomy inside, and good gas mpg. Traded in Ford Eddie B. Escape and transition to Escape is seemless, only difference is Escape is much easier to drive, easy to steer and manuever, and park. Best decision I made in a long time.
I absolutely love this vehicle. It gets great gas mileage for an SUV (about the same as my 06 Hyundai Accent, which is a really small car). It's fun to see how much gas you can save. I love the sun roof and how much it brightens up the cabin. I only wish it had the navigation. The exterior is stylish and it's a small SUV with a big look. Best car I've ever purchased. I'll probably get another when this one dies. I hated Ford vehicles before this, now I think Ford is great!
Excellent gas mileage. I have averaged 35 mpg since purchase. Very comfortable and quiet. Love the amount of stuff you can carry in it. It has been great. 
I have had this SUV for over a year now. Took it to Las Vegas in May averaged 26 mph going and 27 on the return trip over 4000 miles. Driving to and from work which is a 27 mile round trip I get 34 mpg, well over the 29 mpg on the sticker. On the downside in the winter I was only getting 25 mpg when it was below 30 degrees. I have not had any problems, just take it for oil changes. The book says every 10000 miles but I do it every 5000. Would buy it again. 
I love this vehicle (I traded a Chevrolet Suburban), especially the gas mileage. It rides smoothly, has good torque for passing and merging, and is a pleasure to look at in the driveway. I miss the room of my Suburban - but not the terrible gas mileage (14-15 MPG). The one thing that I don't think was engineered well is the rear hatch and glass. It rattles and is not sound proofed well at all. Also, the door windows could have used better guides - they rattle in the door when you close it if they are not rolled all the way up. Other than those two minor gropes, this vehicle is designed well and built with quality workmanship. I would definitely buy it again.
I have been watching the Escape Hybrid since it came out in 2005. I have read a lot of reviews, and knew to wait until after 1000 miles to check MPG. Also, have read enough to know that cold weather drops MPG, but that is the cost of living someplace cold. I set the cruise on my 35 minute highway drive to work at 70 for the first month and averaged 32.5 MPG. Second month I set the cruise at 65 and it jumped to 34.5. Add in the city driving and I get around 35.5. I had to rush home one day, and it really does move like a V-6 when you stomp on it. I rode in a 2006 a few times before, and again after, buying mine, and the 2008 is quiet. Engine rev noise only when it is working real hard
The Escape is a blast to drive. It feels nimble, solid, and sure, and the acceleration is remarkably good. After 8500 miles, we're averaging 32 mpg on the highway and between 32 mpg (my wife with a heavy foot) and 38 mpg (me with an exceptionally light foot) in town. 
The utility of this crossover is wonderful. It is not as fuel-efficient as the Prius, but is much larger both inside and outside. Guests find the back seat comfortable with good viewing. I like the blue instrument lighting, the center-stack, the lighter interior colors, and tinted windows. It handles extremely well in the city and is large enough on the highway for a sense of safety). The 2.3 engine sometimes seems a bit underpowered and louder than it should be. The workmanship on my vehicle is excellent. I don't regret that I bought a $300 Garmin Nuvi instead of the $2500 built in GPS. In summary: The Escape Hybrid doesn't get the media attention it deserves.
I've driven Explorers and 1 Mountaineer since '94, about 600,000 miles altogether, you might say I liked them. This is definitey the next thing. I'll admit to driving around 70-75 mph far more than the cops would like, and am getting 28.3 - 29.7 mpg. It's very comfortable, and I love driving a hybrid and still have awd, 4 seats and doors, some cargo space, an actual suv, y'know! -I think (hope) that Ford'll notch things up a bit in the next couple model years. Mine will kill the engine and then restart it 10 sec later (or even less!) regularly. You/it must start the engine to use the car. In this century all cars need locking fuel doors (actually they always should have had them)
In cold weather I was getting down to 19-21 in city driving, 26 on highway. Never got over 24 in city, and I drove this by the textbook. Took off slowly, to stay in electric mode, people honked a lot at me on slow take off from lights. I chose fwd to save fuel, slipped all the time in the least amount of snow, got stuck twice in snow when other fwd cars drove by me. Then I read it has no traction control! The heavy battery in back throws off the weight balance advantage of fwd. Very frustrating experience! You in cold weather states need to beware! I traded to escape 4 cyl fwd, and similar mileage in cold temps and no slippage in snow, maybe ok in warm states. Not worth the extra $ for hybrid.
It took me long time to hunt down an Escape Hybrid but it was worth the wait. Got the color and the options I was looking for. I live in south florida and it is giving me around 34- 35 mpg. I mostly drive in the city and not much highwaqy. The audio system and the navigation system is awesome. I liked the exterior of Mercury Mariner but that is even harder to get than the Escape. 
Mountain driving with 26-27mpg. Smart AWD system works better than my Jeep's system. Comfortable heated leather seats and easy to use dashboard controls. Driver visibility and ride height higher than other SUVs. Could not justify the extra cost for the Toyota. Durability remains to be seen, for my Ford track record is not good. Good crash test results but not the best. Handles great in deep snow. Perfect for a family of 4 and winter gear in the back for a weekend in the mountains. 
Seemed hard to get a Escape Hybrid, but it was well worth the wait after ordering it. Absolutely love driving it and watch the MPG display show 33+ MPG. Love the body style and the interior is very well designed. I couldn't be happier with this purchase.
I did my research and this vehicle stood out as far as looks and supposed mileage. I really love it in general. Very smooth ride, and fun to drive though the braking system takes some getting use to. I am however very disappointed in the mileage. I consistently get 25mpg MAX (after 1200 miles). From the other reviews, this is very low. I have a friend with a 2006 that gets over 30, has from the beginning. I don't know if I have a "lemon", but Ford will not even hear about mileage issues until 10,000 miles. Even though 25 is good for a SUV, it's not that much more than my Explorer. And I'm driving very conscientously. I recently drove a rented Charger, that got this mileage! 
I own (and my kids drive) an '02 Yukon XL; '02 Honda AWD CRV; '05 Vibe; '06 Vibe; '05 Escape AWD XLT and now the '08 Escape Hybrid AWD. I love all of my cars and now the Hybrid Escape is great to drive in all weather but gets gas mileage like the Vibes. I really like the build and quality of the '05 Escape and the '08 Hybrid is just that much better, plus it is the perfect size now that my 4 kids are moving out of the house. The Hybrid is our around town car and the Yukon is our car when all 6 of us need to take a road trip. So far the Hybrid is everything I was looking for and I am very happy... BTW I also considered an '08 CRV and the '08 Santa Fe but went with the Escape.
I bought this car, kinda unexpected. I was walking around the cars while having my 06 Focus worked on. And I ran across the car. I test drove it.. and have been in love since! We have the leather interior.. I have never had that in any car.. and love it. The car rides perfectly! I am avg about 34mpg in the city.. and Don't do a lot of hwy driving, but when I went one state up, it was roughly 26mpg. Hybrid's aren't made for hwy driving! I don't have a lot of the extras, But I love it just the way it is! I was always a Mustang person, But now I will never not own a Escape!
We were able to purchase one of the first 2008 Escape Hybrids out for 2008 and have found if a great vehicle for us. We are averaging about 26.7 miles per gallon that includes both highway and in town driving every day. The satellite and GPS system are worth the extra money and make driving that much more enjoyable. 
I have had this vehicle a few weeks and so far I am very happy with what I got for the money spent. The items that are noted as cons in the Edmunds review do hold true, but are not that big of deal in looking at the vehicle overall. I think the Escape handles well for an SUV and I enjoy driving it. The interior is nice and the cab is fairly quiet except when the engine is excellerating. I have only filled the tank on this vehicle 3 times so far. The first time I got 26mpg and the last two times I got 30mpg. This is a combo of freeway and city driving. I even drove it up the steep hills of San Francisco with three adults in it and still got 30mpg with good power. 
I love this car. I drove a Ford Explorer 2 door prior to this car and I have more driver room in the Escape. I am 6'7" and love the room in this car. I loose a slight amount of vision on the side because the seat goes back so far. The gas mileage is great. My only concern is that the materials for the dashboard controls seem a bit fragile and I wonder how they will hold up in the long run.
I read all the reviews, drove most vehicles in this SUV/truck market and bought the escape because of the mileage and tales of better performance. I'm not getting it, only 25 mpg. I'm here to tell you buy a Toyota Highlander IF: you live out west and travel faster then 60, you want more cargo space and a better interior with more convience or you have anything to tow or haul. The 4 cyl gas engine and weak electric just don't cut it, it has to run at too high RPM's above 60 mph to deliver the mileage; in Montana the limit is 75! Last trip at that speed I got 22 mpg! Very disappointed! Everything else I read about it both good & bad has been listed by others; especially plug it in.
I traded my 01 Escape for and 08 Escape Hybrid, and I'm loving it. I'm averaging about 32mpg. The engine turning off and going to electric takes some getting used to because it feels like your car has stalled. It also took some getting used to not having the power of the v6, but the car does great for the size and only being 4cyl. It's roomy enough for 2 children in the back. Blind spots are not that bad for a suv. Tons of storage space and little cubby spaces. Not that many out there so it was hard to find the color I wanted...black. This car makes my wallet happy 
My wife picked the color Kiwi Green. I traded in my F250 4x4 for this pip sweek. I haven't turned back yet. We get consistent 34 MPG and have achieved 50 MPG on backroads average speed 25 MPH. I would like to see more driver features to affect fuel economy like electric only from the line. I use mine mostly for .5 to 1 mile trips just in time to get to electric. Also a plug in option would be nice. Hats off to all those supporting this awesome technology of regenerative braking.
I cannot believe I have the good fortune to own this beauty. I waited over 3 months, but it was way worth it. This may be the best vehicle Ford has ever designed and built. It's comfortable, controls are intuitive and well laid out, documentation is excellent, and that sweet silence when you come to a stop is sublime. Most impressive is how much roominess is built into the interior for a small suv. I couldn't be happier or more impressed. 
I now have over 8500 miles on this car since June '07, including several 400+ mile trips. Gas mileage has been better than advertised, averaging over 34 miles per gallon composite city and highway driving (I do drive with economy in mind and have filled my tires with dry nitrogen which also helps economy). The ride remains very smooth, comfortable, and tight. Acceleration when required is good. Handling is quick and nimble (that doesn't make it a sports car though) and there is still no sign of tip-up while cornering. This vehicle continues to be everything I had hoped for and more, thank you Ford for making it available and please build more hybrids for us (e.g., a Ford Fusion Hybrid).
I have never owned a Ford, a hybrid, or a kiwi green vehicle before. I am very impressed. I love this SUV! We are going to get a $3000 rebate from the government so getting this vehicle was a no brainer. We also looked at a Toyota Highlander and for $10,000 less, the Escape was the best bang for the buck. The interior is roomy, SUV has good handling, and I love the kiwi green color. The hybrid is so quiet that the SUV sounds like the engine is off. I am getting 32 mpg in the city and 30 mpg on the highway. It has a very smooth ride and so far, I would recommend this SUV to anyone. Be prepared to wait 8 to 12 weeks if you order one; but it is worth the wait.
I have had this vehicle for almost 2 months and have put 3300 miles on it. Milage has been as advertised, about 29 mpg on the highway and 30 in town. I have learned to coast into stop signs and traffic light so that the electric engine takes over. After trading a F-150 pick up truck for this SUV I feel as if I am driving a sports car. 
This is a great little SUV! The hybrid system is awesome - having fun trying to see how many MPG's I can acheive!
I bought my Escape Hybrid because I commute 70 miles each way to work over mountains so I needed good MPG and reliability in bad weather conditions. I've put about 8300 miles on it in a little over 2 months. MPG is good, but it is so much better in the city. I'm getting about 28 avg on interstate with mountains, which is still awesome for a FWD. Also, I am making an attempt to save the environment! That's really the best part. I love the interior and exterior is fresh and bold from the old style. I need the electrical outlet to use my laptop while I am working so I have gotten a lot of use from that. I like it more and more!
Wife picked out Escape Hybrid for the gas mileage and the ease of putting a baby seat in the back. Own the Ford for 3 months. Overall the Escape Hybrid is a decent SUV that is fun to drive. We get 30 mpg which is mostly hiway driving. It has become a game to see how much gas mileage we get. Lights are fun to stop at, knowing that you are not using gas. Escape Hybrid accelerates well with the 4 cylinder engine. CVT transmission takes a little bit of driving to get use to. Escape won over the Toyota- did not like the look of spare tire on back. Honda ? overprice, overrated and less gas mileage. 
Just a couple 100 miles on it now, getting better than the EPA sticker so far! Due to weight savings, lots of plastic, interior feels a little cheap. Front grille came loose/off the 1st week and needs to go back to dealer. Coming from a Volvo XC90 the Ford ride is lighter, peppier (feels like a V6), way less room. Don't expect to fit 3 child seats in the back seat. We can barely fit a car seat, a booster, and our 6 year old in a seatbelt, it's very cramped back there. Zero cargo room. Without NAV system so all hybrid info is on the dash near odo. The 3 hybrid info buttons are in a bad spot to the left of the wheel, (should be on the steering wheel). Stereo/climate buttons are confusing.
About 6000 mi so far. 30.5 mpg on recent drive CT to FL, AC on all the way. Ford needs to build more of these, keep size the same, keep refinning, go plug in to increase mileage. Very quiet interior and roomy. Love it.
I have had my FEH for nearly 3 months now. I absolutely love it! I had a 2005 gas Escape but traded in when a job change made a big dent in my fuel economy. I love that I can still drive at highwa speeds and yet the engine just sips gas. Although it has been an adjustment to go from a V6 to a little 4 cylinder, but the electric motor kicks in when needed. I'd highly recommend the FEH to anyone looking for a good sized, high ground clearance vehicle that gets great gas mileage. At 4000 miles I'm averaging 34.5 MPG!
The Escape Hybrid for 2008 is an extrememly smart buy. I have a 2004 Acura TL that I was using for my commute every day (120mi round trip). Since I bought the Escape I barely drive the TL anymore, and I am saving almost 300 bucks a month! That more than pays for the car payment. There are some very minor annoyances in the design. While the audio is first rate, there are no audio controls on the steering wheel , definitely a design oversight.
We rented a 2008 Escape Hybrid 7 weeks ago and put 4000 miles on it. It turned out to be a great little SUV. We averaged about 28.5 miles to the gallon (Mostly mountains and freeway driving). It was comfortable, reliable and fun to drive. We liked it so much, we bought one yesterday! It was a nice surprise, we didn't expect it to be such a nice vehicle.
I recently purchased this vehicle after reading a number of positive reviews on various internet sites, but quite honestly, this vehicle is very average. Overall build quality is below Honda and Toyota. Performance is very average in terms of acceleration,noise etc. Vehicle feels very loose on the highway. Gas mileage has been good...as advertised. Beware if you drive in a warm weather region because the air conditioning compressor shuts off at stops and when the car is running on the electric motor only. If you are in a traffic jam on a 90 degree day, you are in for a painful ride. Also, beware the the $3,000 tax credit may not apply if you make six figures and utilize the AMT 
We bought the Escape hybrid when our previous vehicle incurred expensive repairs. We are absolutely amazed with the pep, comfort, and fuel economy of this vehicle! It is an outstanding vehicle that has exceeded our expectations. We are averaging about 28mpg on both hyway and around-town! Our hybrid has satellite nav and a bunch of other options and only lacks memory seats. Not sure if the memory seats are available; but, we bought the only hybrid on the lot. Next time we will look for memory seats (not a big requirement). We recomment this vehicle highly! We will probably replace our Jeep with an Escape Hybrid next year.
Quiet except under heavy acceleration, ecconomical and comfortable. I have put almost 2000 miles on the car and like it very much. I especially like the fuel economy, and the comfort. In addition it is easy to park, and handles well. We bought the vehicle for economy, choosing it over the Toyota Highlander for both price and fuel economy. The Highlander is $5500 more on base price, and has poorer fuel economy. In all everything feels tight, is overall quiet, and compact. I have not experienced any tip-up issues in cornering, but I don't drive it like a car so I probably will not. My longest trip was 8.5 hours, 420 miles. The car was very comfortable for the entire trip and averaged 38 MPG.
We are very discerning car buyers. We have bought three new BMWs in the last 10 years, have had two Chevy Suburbans, and own a brand new Range Rover. We shopped for a hybrid partly because we were feeling guilty, and have no affection for Japanese cars. The Ford Escape Hybrid is, without a question, a neat little vehicle. Both my wife and I are both enjoying it greatly. Does it have the finish of a Range Rover? No, but it also costs about $50,000 less and it uses a lot less gas. The Escape has a lot of pep. It darts around town as well as any car. And all the while, we feel a little less guilty using it than we do when we are using our other cars.
I replaced my 1995 Honda Civic with the 2008 Escape Hybrid. I thought I liked my car, but driving the Escape, I don't think I will ever go back to a car! The Escape Hybrid has more get- up-and-go than a regular 4 cylinder. The added oomph from the battery really helps acceleration! I am getting about 31 mpg freeway/city driving. The transition was seamless, but the more I drive the Escape, I can tell when it switches, although I sometimes think I am more in tune with a vehicle than other. The Escape fits my 6'4" husband comfortably (unlike the Honda), and the two kids have plenty of room in the back.
I've only had my '08 Hybrid Escape for 3 weeks but so far it has been great. I'm getting better than average mileage and have no complaints. It is fun to drive and easy to manuever in DC traffic. I traded in an '06 Honda Odyssey due to terrible gas mileage. Nothing but positives so far.
Fuel prices made me give up my Nissan Titan (I cried) but I felt better after fueling up the first time. First tank I got 32.34mpg (AWD). This is a combination of highway/city. The digital readout for mpg does read low as another reviewer mentioned. It is very quiet in town and reasonable at highway speed. It is no tire burner but acceleration is acceptable. Stock sound system is good, climate control works well. It also makes me feel I am doing my part to reduce greenhouse emmissions. 
I have had my '08 Escape Hybrid for 2 weeks, and so far I really like it! It is fun to drive and very quiet. I really like the Audiophile sound system, satellite radio and moonroof. I am getting about 29 mpg in mostly highway driving. I had a 2001 Escape that I liked until the transmission went out on it. I hope this one is more reliable. Only time will tell.
So far, I love my new hybrid. It drives like a dream and the gas (in town) is about 34 mpg, pretty good for an AWD SUV. No complaints.
This is a great urban suburban vehicle, with decent acceleration and excellent mileage. It is both quiet and comfortable, and has great cargo capacity. 
Had the Escape for 2 months with 2K miles on it. Mileage is excellent 25.5mpg lowest during break in, highest 36.6 on 300 mile trip. Very short hops kill your mileage (less than 5 mi). Nav system is easy to use. GPS is very accurate. Audiophile sound system is great. Side step rails are no assistance getting in the car because there is no grab handles in the interior. Very comfortable leather seats - seat warmers are a must in cold climate. 110 AC plug is great - no power adapter needed for iPod, finally an audio jack in dash. Usual wind noise with moon roof. Since batteries are in real storage area under deck there is a lack of storage. Roof side rails are plastic and flimsy. 
I have never been a Ford fan until now. Sold my VW Golf TDI, bought this vehicle 4 weeks ago and totally love it. We took it on a 4800 mile road trip for 2 weeks and it performed beautifully. We drove through many 11,000ft+ mountain passes, passed trucks and had plenty of power to spare. The low gear was a huge benefit on the mountain descents. The handling is responsive and it feels solid on the road. Ride is smooth and it absorbs the road better than I expected. For our trip we averaged 31mpg. Not bad at all. I do find my "in town" driving milage a little lower since most roads in my area aren't flat. I average 28mpg in town. The pop up back glass is very helpful when traveling with a dog.
The ride is smoother than I expected. The continously variable transmission is great. Transitions from electric to gas and gas to electric are almost not perceived. If it fits in your budget the luxury package is great especially the display features.
I have had my hybrid for a little over 3 weeks now. I had been wanting to get one since I first heard about hybrids. I'm so glad I finally did! The Escape is fantastic and has everything I could possibly want in a vehicle. I think it is a great product! I feel like I did when I first got my driver's license years ago: want to drive, drive, drive! Everyone I show it to is amazed and pleasantly surprised. I realize it may be too soon to give a proper evaluation, but I am truly in love with this vehicle so far!
I had a 2004 Ford Escape, the new 2008 Hybrid out performs the V6 in my 2004 model. My first week I averaged 29MPG. They reprogramed the computer that operates the Hybrid and this corrects all the the flaws in the older models.
I purchased the vehicle 3 weeks ago. It's great. We get an average of 32.5 mpg. The reader estimates the mpg on the low side (usually, 30 or 30.5), however, measuring the amount of gas used fuel economy is about 32-33mpg. 
I am so impressed with my new Hybrid. It gets great gas mileage and provides a smooth quiet comfortable ride. I like the eye level informaiton display which makes it easier to focus on the road. I also find the convenience of the mp3 player hook up and power outlet a huge bonus. The Escape is not only a great value, it is fun to drive and saves the environment. I am so glad Ford made this very luxury affordable.
For an AWD vehicle, gas mileage is good. However, it is not going to blow you away, especially when you compare it to hybrid sedans. I am averaging 27- 29.5 mpg mixed city/highway driving after 2 tanks. Going 75 on the hwy = 23mpg. AWD works well. I felt no slippage during the most recent snow. Performance is smooth for an SUV. I can't burn off the line, but it is a hybrid and that is to be expected. Navigation package is great and worth it if you hate getting lost and arguing of directions. Audiophile Sound system is good quality. Standard recycled premium seat fabric is good quality. Dash and doors are plastic, though they do appear to be sturdy and thick.
Traded in a 2005 Turbo Diesel for the Hybrid. Best decision I've made in a long time. Actually got 41 miles to the gallon in the city yesterday. Quite a difference from fifteen. I'll never buy anything but a hybrid again. Love the Ford, totally impressed, get one.
So far the experience has been positive. Traded a 2005 Escape which had served us very well. Average MPG with about 50% highway and 50% city driving has been 31mpg. Very quite, handles well, interior layout is great. Very happy with this purchase. 
I picked up my 2008 Escape Hybrid one week ago. First impressions are excellent. Gas mileage is 36 mpg in mostly city driving. The leather interior is well done. The build quality is flawless. I traded a 2005 Honda Accord because I needed more interior room and better gas mileage. The Escape gave me both. Time will tell if the reliability will match Honda.
This is the first new Ford I purchased in 29 years. I traded in a 2005 Jeep Grand Cherokee. In fact the last 5 new SUV's I purchased were Jeep Grand Cherokees. After 2 years of driving the 2005 Jeep I had enough of the poor service and lack of concern by Jeep. I was hesitant to purchase and did quite a bit of research before doing so and glad I did. The Escape Hybrid is fun to drive, has better visibility, and the gas mileage is twice that of the Jeep! We did drive the Toyota Highlander Hybrid and the bottom line was about the same but I am tall enough that when getting in and out of the Toyota I scraped my head, this is not the case with the Ford. Also, GM has nothing to offer in hybrids.
Just purchased this vehicle after owning 03 Escape v6. Ford did a really nice job on the interior/exterior redesign. Smooth, comfortable ride, great visibility. Only complaints I would voice is that there is an image of the light colored dash board reflected onto the windshield via glare in direct sunlight...strange thing indeed...perhaps tinting or some type of dash cover is the solution to that one. Also, Bluetooth absent on a very expensive (but nice) Nav system.
I replaced my 3 year old Escape with the 08 Hybrid. I immediately was disappointed with the interior changes. The heated seat button is on the side of the seat where you can't see it. You have to feel for it. The took out many of the little storage places and the center console/arm rest is hard to open when driving. The gas mileage is good, not great but good and it is a little quieter inside on the highway than my old one. I am very disappointed over all.
I took another look at the Escape Hybrid because it is supposed to be improved in many ways, ride/handling in particular. Those factors, and the relatively cheap feel of the interior for the price, is why I didn't get one before. My impressions after a couple of weeks with my new 2008 are positive. It's much quieter. The handling, while still somewhat truck-like, is better sorted than the prior model. It's reasonably roomy and practical and gets great mileage. I was skeptical at first, but it really is a Have Your Cake and Eat It Too sort of vehicle.
I have had the '08 Escape for over two weeks now. Cons: *Body style very trucky - personal opinion but trying to emulate Explorers isn't a selling point for me. The windshield (and entire front end) could be swept back - perhaps improving the aerodynamics and MPG. *Interior - climate control buttons are confusing. Recirculate gets disconnected when using 'footwarming' vents; seems to have a mind of its own. Also the buttons are very small, should have stuck with rotary dial * No grab handles - curtain airbags seems to have made them disappear - no where to hang my dry cleaning * No Bluetooth available - I bought a TomTom 910 for both Bluetooth & GPS. 
I've owned my 2008 Ford Expedition Limited for just about a year now and have 8k miles on it. For a fully loaded truck with all the toys got a great deal that was significantly cheaper than most competing models. Fuel-economy could be slightly better, but for a large SUV it's sufficient. Don't drive it daily, it's just the family shuttle bus. Extremely comfortable and handles well on highway. 6-speed transmission runs smooth, but takes a second to kick in when you really need to accelerate to pass other vehicles. Needs a little more instant HP "KICK". Cabin reasonably quiet. Kids love wireless headsets. Why pay $10-15K more for the same basic features in GM, Toyota, or Nissan models?
I bought my 08 Eddie Bauer after my 02 Explorer bit the dust. Initially, I wanted the Limited, but chose the Eddie because it had the chrome grille and the Limited did not. I LOVE my new truck! Every time I get into it I remark about the comfort. My husband loves it also. The third row folding seats are a godsend. I will continually buy a Ford. I love this truck. I hope they never stop making it. 
After reading reviews here I decided to purchase a 2008 Eddie Bauer Expedition. I consider other SUVs including Toyota Sequoia and Chevy Tahoe but now I glad I selected the Ford. 
I love the way my new Limited Expedition rides, however, I am having problems with the windows. When the driver side is rolled down half way it makes a loud rattling noise. I took it to the dealer to get looked at several times and they said there is nothing they can do and that it is a normal occurance. It seems strange that a SUV of this caliber is suppose to have rattling windows! The Texas Customer Rep. is not trying to help my situation either. I feel like they are trying to sweep this problem under the rug! Is anyone else having this problem?
All I have to say is I'm so glad I got over fear of big SUV's because this one is amazing. I'm 4'10 and I have never had an easier time driving a vehicle, all the ways to adjust make it so easy and comfy to drive. I love how it fits 3 car seats side by side just in the second row alone. I love this car and I am never giving it up.
Just puchased an 08 Exp Eddie Bauer 2wd. Looks great, drives great, and good fuel mileage for the size. Only issue is the DRL, there is no option to turn them off. Other than that, no complaints. 
On my third Expedition. This one is a 2WD EL Limited and I must admit I like it better thatn my others, it has a softer ride, feels heavier and is a little better on gas ( maybe the 6 speed ). Only issues are soft shifts but for 18 mpg hwy I'll deal with it. Hope I can afford to buy it after lease and get the Supercharger and chip
Got rid of my 1999 Expedition and looking to upgrade to a new SUV. My new Expedition is so much better than my 1999. The indepenent suspension is like night and day. The wood dash and leather seats tie together like a high end luxury car. This vehicle is my best by far! Price was 10 grand less then the Acadia and vehicle 10 times nicer!
I was looking at getting an SUV. I went and test drove a new 2008 Expedition XLT model and fell in love with it. It rides great and handles like a car. I bought it the same day. I have been getting 12 MPG around town and 22+ when I drive only freeway miles It comes with many great standard features for a base model and has the same engine and transmission as the Eddie Bauer or Limited versions. I also like the looks of this vehicle a lot. 
We just puchased used 08 Expedtion limited 4x4. We love this thing. Drove it 600 miles at 78 mph and got 18.3 mpg. Ride is great, for a 6'6" person and the room inside is perfect. We had reservations about buying one but not now.
10 months and 2700 miles later I'm impressed with the rock solid, quiet interior, great road manners, surprisingly stable, short braking, and 14/20 MPG. I've owned 3 different Japanese vehicles in the past, but given this massive Ford's decent-for- class mileage and quality, I sure am glad I resisted the inclination to get a Sequoia and pocketed the extra $9,000. This SUV is the hidden gem in the field. Just compare its third row to the equivalent regular wheelbase GM, Rover, Infiniti, and Toyota, and you'll know that Ford's engineers have slaved as hard as their accountants to produce untouchable SUV value. Finally, I find it exudes a strikingly handsome blend of toughness and aristocracy.
I enjoy everything about this car. It has so many great features. My kids enjoy the capain chairs and watching DVD's. We recently had a power outage and we all watched a movie in the car. I have had cars with heated seats but this is my first with cooled seats. I feel very safe in this car. I looked a long time to find a car with all the features I wanted and I found it. 
This is my third Expedition and I still love the vehicle. Every time we compare to other SUV's and minivans. For the price and size, you can't beat it. Our last was the 4.6L 2002 model so this was a change for us. While I miss the better gas mileage, we are still getting 17 mpg. With kids, we pack heavy. There's always plenty of room. The new design is boxier than the older style. I liked the older style's exterior better. However, the new interior is much better. The stow-away 3rd seat, and the middle bench that folds in three places is a big improvement. And as much as I miss that better MPG of the 4.6L, I love the power when I hit the gas now. Third Expedition, no complaints!
I love this truck! After six months, only one small problem(heated and A/C seat module needed replacement). Extremely comfortable ride, better than any car I've owned. Seats are great on a long trip. Tows my 6000 lb. boat with ease. I'm now getting 18 mpg in mostly fast highway driving which is 2 miles better than my '03 V8 AWD Explorer.(10 mpg towing the boat) The turning circle is reasonable given it's size. Acceleration is adaquate. Better ride quality and much better value than Toyota.
I bought a 2008 Expedition and I was very happy with it. I rarely drive though due to high gas prices, but when I do it is probably the best in my driveway. 
This is our 2nd Expy and and what an improvement over our 2004. We liked our previous model but this one is so much better. Quiet, smooth ride, better control placement, heavy duty brakes are a huge improvement, back up sensors and more standard features included. Love the Sirius radio, power fold flat seats are so much easier to manage and DVD entertainment system with the 8" screen. The 18" chrome clad wheels look great. Gas mileage isn't great with a vehicle this big but it is improved from our 2004. About 14mpg in city driving so far.
This is the first Ford I have ever owned and, in fact, the first domestic car since I was a kid. We tested every large SUV from the QX 56, to the Denali and Sequoia. The Expedition was the best priced and best balanced of the entire bunch. The independent rear suspension does make a difference in handling in comparison to the GM Yukon/Tahoe variants. The interior is well thought out and, while there are some rough edges, no where near the interior disaster of the new Toyota Sequoia. If you have a large family and need to tow, this vehicle serves its mission well. 
We needed a replacement for our 125,000 mile Honda Pilot. Naturally, the new 09 Pilot was our first stop. It wasn't an improvement over our current one. Looking and researching over two months brought us the Expedition. Wow, what a serious step up! We got a true 8 passenger SUV for the price of a pretender. We love it!
Most versatile vehicle we've ever owned. Grand kids get into/out of child seats/3rd seat thanks to 2nd row buckets. Lots of safety features and great sound/dvd/nav system. Haven't taken a long trip yet but look forward to doing so. White Tri-Coat paint and Sand leather interior is great for hot Texas summers. 20" chrome wheels make it the best looking SUV out there Local driving so far has been very comfortable. Commanding seat position and good visibility all around. This is a vehicle we plan to keep for a long time.
After 3 Explorers, decided to move up altho I didn't need the size. Probably would have stayed with Explorer if there was power lift gate available. It is very comfortable but given its size it lacks any nimbleness. Pickup is only fair and stopping distance seems excessive. Just took our first long distance drive, 800 miles r/t and got 19.1 on highway which is better than any of the Explorers got. Don't use it for local drives so don't know about mileage. Like the fact that you can buy certain options as stand-alone like rear camera.
As a life long Toyota buyer. I evaluated all the large SUV's and the Lambda platform and chose the Ford Expedition. Here's why: More leg room and thigh support for driver & passenger. Fold flat 2nd & third row seats. Rear ratio of 3.37 gets equal gas milage with the Lambda AWD. I get 15 city / 22 Highway driving the speed limit. It's a quieter ride. (Dual weather stripping) 6 Sp trans that doesn't hunt for gears. 6000 lb tow is 1500 more lbs than the tow package Lamabda. Adjustable pedals. Interior fit and finish is top notch and better equip for less money. Insurance is less. The Expedition is more capable and a better overall value. 
Narrowed my search down to new Sequoia and the Expedition based on the fold flat 3rd row seats and need for V8 for towing purposes. After comparing the 2 vehicles, I was able to get a comparibly equipped Expy for 12K less than a Sequoia. And, the Expy has a smooth 6 speed transmission and surprisingly I have 2K miles on it and trip computer is saying 16.4 mpg. Hands down the best bang for the buck in the large SUV segment. Buy it and use the extra $12k savings vs the Sequoia to pay for gas for the next 5 years! Also, settle for the smaller standard tires and you will get better gas mileage.
Ordered 4x4 Expo on 1/21/08 and took delivery on 3/11/08 Drove to Lubbock (325 miles) and on 3/21/08 replaced torque converter. On 3/26/08 at 421 miles replaced torque converter and transmission. So far, have not left city limits because of apprehension that it will leave me stranded at the ranch. Selling dealer and repairing dealer have been great. Gave me 2008 pickup to drive while repairs were made. It had only 220 miles on it and I was sure not to exceed 400 miles...
With my height of seven foot tall obviously I can't drive just any vehicle. Thank goodeness for Ford and the Expedition, it's the only vehicle I can comfortably drive my 1,000 miles a week as a salesman.
I love everything about my Limited. It's the perfect vacation-mobile. The sound system, the ride, comfort, utility, etc. are all excellent. I even put a bike carrier in the hitch receiver and take my sport bike to the track. I really like the copper metallic color too. This is the first vehicle I've ever owned that I can't think of anything I would change. I haven't had even one problem with it (knock on wood). This review almost makes it sound like I work for Ford! I don't.
In the first month of ownership, I have no regrets about my choice. I traded a 2003 Explorer with many problems at 55k miles so I am leasing this one. I enjoy the room (at 6 feet 2, I have lots of head room and extra seat travel both of which the Explorer lacked. The ride quality is excellent, much better than the 2008 Toyota Sequoia I tested, particulary over less than perfect pavement. Power is adaquate although I haven't towed my boat yet. Turning circle is fine for such a large truck. Gas usage is not terrible given it's 5625 lb. As per the trip computer, I an averaging 15.2 on mostly highway compared to 16 on the Explorer. 6 speed transmission very smooth and low revving.
I gave my Expedition "10" scores throughout for a reason; For a large SUV, one cannot expect to get 25 MPG. I drive the posted speed limit at all times and my average up till now, (only 2100 miles) is 15.6. Considering that I came back to an Expedition from a Honda Pilot, I am thrilled with the gas mileage. Comparing my Pilot which averaged around 19 MPG, I didn't give up that much gas mileage, given the much larger vehicle that the Expedition is. The comfort and ride spells luxury in my book. So far no problems and the dealer is the best I've ever dealt with.
This is my first Ford and so far I like it. Out of all other large SUV's this one is best bang for the buck in my opionion. Nice design both inside and out. Lost of room!
Our Limited looks great, gets a lot of compliments and is a very nice vehicle to drive. Big vehicle and you feel very safe but pay in gas mileage, but nothing unexpected, avg for us is about 14.7. Major disappointment has been useable storage space. The front of the vehicle is largely taken up by the center console. There is just one big hole in the armrest and little else. If two people up front you will have stuff tucked under your legs, on your lap etc. especially if you have kids. Back seats not much better, seem like always stuff all over the floor boards. Coming from a T&C minivan the space has been a real issue. Power could be slightly better, but did not expect to drag race!
Amazing handling and comfort for a large SUV. The design is very sharp with the 20" wheels. Get comments on it regularly. The navigation system, stereo, etc are top of the line. Nice twist on the back up camera. All that while hauling three kids in car seats, 2 dogs and a 5,000lb boat. Very nice looking, functional and solid vehicle. 
Have liked this new design since it came out for 07. Finally got one early this month. Wish I had done it sooner. 20" wheels really set it off- perfect size in proportion to the size of the vehicle. Truck feels very solid & tight. Very quiet inside. Very comfortable. Heated seats warm lower back in addition to seat bottom. (that was a pleasant surprise!) Brakes feel very strong. Engine feels strong as well. My wife drives it more than me. She absolutely loves it. I'm looking forward to trying out the air conditioned seats next summer as well as the 9200lb towing capacity. -Have a 5200lb boat (8000lbs with trailer, fuel and gear) My old Tahoe was only rated to pull 7000lbs. 
This Expy makes our 3rd. A gold XLT witht he 4.6 V-8, an black XLT with the bigger V* and this white 08 XLT. The progression and evolution of these vehicles is remarkable. The 08 is a s good as anything from any other manufacturer, including GMC, Chevy, Toyota, Nissan and Honda...and in fact better than them in many ways. The quality is great, features for the price remarkable, ride and handling not at all what we expected, very smooth, quiet and controlled. The V8, as typical for the Expedition, does not feel as peppy as the sound and horsepower would indicate, but it's a trailer pulling mule! Big and barn like inside, comfortable seats, leg room and head room great. Love it!
Everything you'd expect in an American full sized SUV. Solidly built, exceptional comfort, surprisingly nimble (especially in parking lots)all at a decent price. Our first choice would have been a Mercedes GL 450 at $64,000. Almost $30,000 more than the XLT, and the XLT was far more comfortable. The only problem with the XLT is the poor MPG. 13.5 MPG for an average is not unexpected, just getting to be expensive. 19 MPG on the highway is OK, but not good enough. With that said, overall our family loves this truck. Comfort, safety and quality sums it up.
Seriously, how do you rate this as "fun to drive"? It's as big as a boat. That's why I bought it though. It gets lously mileage. I knew that up front. You'll not get more than 14 with the 4wd. But no other SUV (other than the new Sequoia) will have as much leg room and be as comfortable. The specs on the Tahoe look comparable but if you actually sit in one you'll wonder what kind of ruler they were using. The 3rd row is useless and the 2nd row is still tight. I wanted room. Besides the Expo has absolutely the most non-truck looking interior of them all (at least in the under $50K line) I tried not to go back but saw no compariable options out there for ride, comfort and usability.
This is by far the best vehicle I have owned to date. While it is a large SUV, it handles and rides more like a car and the interior is as luxurious as my wife's Lexus. I've had so many comments already on the styling and the interior.
This is a hot truck. It is really quiet inside compare to the last Expedition I traded in. Handles really well, great stereo, good power. I have received a lot of compliments already on the interior.
I just recently bought a brand new '08 Expedition Eddie Bauer. It is my best SUV so far. The back-up camera and GPS systems are excellent. The new 6-speed tranny is also smooth and powerful. I used to own a '05 Expedition and was about to buy a Tahoe until I noticed that the Tahoe had absolutely no legroom, and used a '90s 4-speed tranny. Then I saw the new Expedition and fell in love with it. Not only does the new Expedition feel good, but it's fun to drive. The fuel economy has also improved from the previous generation. It is my new favorite in my driveway.
We switched after two Tahoe's and 2 Pathfinders. The final decision after reviewing MB GL, Chevy Tahoe, GMC, Range Rover Sport, Nissan and Infiniti, and Toyota was this loaded Expedition Limited. The big factors: Design, navigation nystem, folding 3rd row, interior finish, tow package,... At a lower price than anything the competition could offer. My wife is the primary driver and loves it already!
Over the last couple of months I've had so much fun offroading the Expedition taking it to long distance trips it cannot get any more comfortable it already is it feels as if they used Nasa cushion in the chairs any ways i'm happy with my Expedition and I'm planning to keep it for a long time. I'm also going to keep the cheap black plastic :) 
After reading, test driving,etc. etc. I just couldn't talk myself out of getting this Explorer and am so glad I didn't! I love it, the ride is great, easy for my elderly parents to get in and out, as well as the grandkids! I actually look forward to driving to work! Interior is very nice and easy to use audio system. Can't say anything bad about it!
This car has been great from day one no problems very comfortable great power, turning radius, design and everything!! ive only owned fords in the past and have had an explorer before but this blows all of them out of the water!!!
I have had this car for about a year now. Great pickup with the v6 and good power. Would suggest to anyone who wants an import. It just is not worth the extra money when this car is so much less and preforms just as well if not better. As for the interior not being stiched leather, get over it. its a ford, not a lincoln. No problems whatsoever. Car tells me when to get my oil changed, low tire pressure, low gas, etc. It has a very smart on board computer. 
This marks my third Ford Explorer. My only complaint is the center mounted shifter. The previous one (2002) had ample amounts of area for your stuff. Considering the price as compared to a Toyota 4Runner, Nissan Pathfinder or other comperable vehicles the explorer was WAY WAY WAY more truck for the money. It literally cost almost 1/3 less than the two above mentioned rides. I can live with some small quirks for the money I saved.
I purchased my 2008 explorer 17 days ago. This is my 6th Explorer since 91. The 2008 model year is nicely styled, although personally I like the 05 much better - much classier look opposed to the chrome bars and round gauges. At first I hated the center mounted shift knob but my hand rests on it when using the arm rest, so its actually comfortable. Like others have said, interior parts are cheap. Overall I like Explorers, but this 08 has had a number of issues. In 17 days of ownership (bought with 16,200 mi on it) a speaker died, a part in the catalytic converter system failed and needed to be replaced, and the no cap gas cap filler neck had to be replaced due to improper sealing. 
I had my Ex for about 3 months now. It's great SUV because it has everything I need. The V6 is just enough for me, I mainly do city driving. I like the leather quality on the seats. It is very quiet and I love the comfort on the 2nd row.
Drivers over 6' 3" should consider another vehicle. The power seats tilt back when they go down so you sit leaning back which is very uncomfortable. With the moon roof you loose about 1.5" of headroom so tall people will have their head rubbing the roof. I thought I could live with this but the car must go!
Went from an '07 4Runner to the Explorer. Really love the Sync system and the softer ride. Seems to be a really solid vehicle and very capable. "Classy" seems to be a word that is very appropriate for the Explorer, expecially given the re- design of the front end. Given that the V-6 gets similar mileage to the V-8, wish I would have gone with the V-8 now for the extra power. Would also suggest going with the upgraded stereo system as the standard unit is very mediocre. However, I feel the Explorer is a very good value for the money.
Previously owned a 2005. This one has the cheesy chromed instrument cluster/tunnel?),chromed round air vents. I liked the retangular ones better, not gimmicky, but kept with the truck-like theme and feel of the rest of the SUV. I also liked the column mounted shift lever, now in the console it takes up space; lever so huge-looks out of place and gets in the way of the controls especially when in park-that was another gimmicky move, form over function, I hate that. New door handles are bulbous. Engine roars-needs insulation but bulletproof. U-Haul still won't rent a trailer to Explorer owners, what a shame. It pulls them great. With that said, it is solid, boxed framed and spacious. Buy it!
Each of my Explorers I have purchased new. 1994,2003,2008 and each have been much improved from the previous. I still own the 2003. The 08 is definitely a flagship, very comfortable, some cheap shortcuts though have me disappointed. The chrome clad wheels, I didn't realized till purchased but come on Ford this are very cheesy. Each one of my previous Explorers all top of the line have had solid chrome or aluminum wheels. If I would have realized this I probably would not have bought it. Another disappointment is the cheap interior. For 42000 it should be plush. But overall the ride is great and seats comfortable, plenty of power with the V8. I like the new one more everyday.
This is my second SUV. I?ve owned it for 8 months now and had no problems with it. It?s fun to drive and has a great view. The cargo area is huge. The V8 has plenty of power, which I use to tow a boat. It has a truck like ride. It?s handles very predictably, and excellent in the snow. I really like all of the safety features. 
This is the third Explorer we have owned, beginning in 1993, and by far the best. The ride is great for an SUV and the third seat makes it possible to carry all the grandkids at once. This is the least expensive and best equipped Explorer we have owned. I do wish the gas mileage was better.
This is my second Explorer, I still own a '97 XLT with 100k on it with minimal major problems/repairs. The '07 does have an annoying rough idle clicking that it's done since new. The '08 has the 292hp v8 which idles smoothly and has plenty of power when needed. The interior and exterior is flawless and amazingly quiet. Everyhing worked perfectly when we picked it up and ever since. Better gas mileage would help but I need the truck frame for towing and the v8 for power.
While I have been a GMC driver for the last 8 years my wife wanted me to test drive the Explorer. I was pleasantly surprised. The comfort of the ride, features and looks were great. 
I drove the 4 runner and Pilot and they are nice but I'm very glad that I relooked at Ford they really steped up and I like the ride and feel of the Ford best, it's fun to drive! 
This is my fourth Explorer and they just keep getting better! The features, versatility and the price can't be beat. The V-6 fuel ecomomy isn't great but, I get the same MPG that I got with my Acura MDX and I don't have to run premium fuel. The Sirius radio and Sync system are great. Towing two SEA- Doo's GTX's takes a little effort, but the vehicles handles and stops well. The third row seats are great for kids under twelve and I love the power up and down feature. The second row seats recline but they do take a little effort to move up and out so people can get into the third row. 
I have owned 3 Explorers, starting with 1991, 2000 and now 2008. What an evolution this vehicle has had. The 2008 is superb, build quality, ride, handling, amenities are all excellent. It has performed superbly in the snow. I really like the Sync product and after taking 2 years to decide what my next SUV would be I couldn't be happier. Yes, it could get better mileage, but again, for the money I could not find a better buy.
I love this car! I got the Ironman edition with the Orange Frost color. Get comments on it every day mostly of people who like the orange! But this car is awsome! Drives really nice with low amount of road noise. Don't like the fuel economy so much. the v6 has enough power but nothing crazy. Has a lot of room with very comfortable seats front and back. Ironman p adds some cool bumpers and side pannels with a blacked out grille. 
We just returned from a five day trip in our new Ford Explorer Limited. We are very happy with it except for the loud engine noise that it makes when you barely put on the gas to pass, going up an incline or just taking off. We gotta get something done about this problem. I have purchased a stream of Exploerers and this has to be by far the loudist of all which makes me think there is something wrong in the manifold/exaust area connections or that there is far too little insullation on the rear fire wall. 
After 10 weeks, I finally took delivery of my 2008 Eddie V8. It was worth the wait! I can't say enough good about the amazing handling, ride, and power. Going from a F150 back to an SUV I was worried about not having enough space or horsepower. Delete the 3rd row seat if you don't need it, there is nice storage in the floor. I did have to do some setup to unprogram the auto moving exit seat and some timers, but the digital read out made it very easy. SYNC is (so far) flawless with iPod and cell phone. Test drive a V8 if you get the chance, much better than the V6. The shifter gets in the way of climate controls (dual zone digital)
Great SUV for the price w/3rd row! Con?s: Poor acceleration 40+. Keyless entry key pad buttons are small. Car makes a loud beep noise when you lock doors. Gas lid does not lock. Only driver side window has auto down option. Lacks passenger side feature no auto up feature. Car mat quality is poor. For a family SUV 3rd row seating has no mat and no option to buy one,. Gas mileage. Lacks front parking- assist sensor option. Engine key lacks keyless remote control integration. When parking it?s hard to see the front passenger side. Noisy when accelerating uphill. No HD radio option. No power following side mirror option. No built in child booster seats. No bike rack option when purchasing the vehicle
 Bought the last 2008 adrenalin the dealer had and so far i'm very impressed. Got every option and colorado red paint with 20'' wheels. With only 1000 miles so far I really like the ride and handling of this truck. Its a little underpowered even with the v8 ( maybe thats because my other car is a z28 with an LT1) It looks alot faster than it is. A great looking truck that has everyone asking "what model is that ??,,"did it come new like that?". Smooth as silk ride and drive with decent milege from a 4500lb truck (16.9 mpg so far) definately a head turner. At 46 ive had a lot of cars and this one is up top of the list.
Got a fantastic deal on the adrenalin model at Christmas. Had Acuras since 1989, but they were not motivated to sell me a vehicle. Brand loyalty meant nothing to them. We enjoy sitting higher when driving. This truck provides a tremendous sense of security in winter driving situations. The 6-speed tranny is smooth and the V8 is very flexible. The independent rear suspension gives a much more impressive ride over rough roads compared to the Chevy Silverado I rented last year for a weekend. Fuel economy so far is acceptable at 15-20 mpg in winter driving. I'm expecting a seasonal improvement to 20-26 mpg when the weather warms up, like my Acura TL does. We enjoy driving this truck immensely. Recommend just adding sunny days and a favourite recreational activity. This truck has style, power and tremendous versatility. Big grins. It's a keeper.
Have had my Trac since August, have loved it so far. Had a Focus before this so there was a little bit of an adjustment period but it's all been good. Love the rubberized floor. It's a breeze to clean. Could have done a lot better with the MPG though 
What in the heck are they thinking in Detroit? Ford has been making trucks for well on 100 years. This is the most uncomfortable truck I have ever been in. This truck is provided as a work vehicle and I hate to get in the thing. The YukonXL I was in previously was by far a more comfortable, good riding truck. This SUV, while being a smaller body, has no excuse not to have a more comfortable and well designed seat at least. Then add the cheap cheap leather, and interior which looks like its a year old already, and I can see why the big three reps apologized for building cheap cars. This wasn't cheap, but it sure is built that way. Fit and finish? What a joke. Never again Ford. Never.
I couldn't resist buying a brand new showroom leftover Adrenalin & taking advantage of Ford employee discounts. Traded in a 05 Silverado SE Special Edition Extended Cab and there's simply no comparison in quality - Ford wins hands down. The ride is tops, the look is...well, the Adrenalin turns heads everywhere I've gone. Definitely buy the Navigation option with Sync. Makes a world of difference. Black interior is nice but I would've enjoyed a two-color treatment. Still, this car/truck combination is versatile, sporty, smooth, cool & a real winner. Might be the best vehicle I've ever owned - and I've had many.
I have this vehcle about a month and thus far it is great. The Sport Trac seems the perfect fit as I wanted something between a full size pick up and a compact. The bed's a little small but still capable of hauling 4x8 sheets when fitted with a couple 2x4 in the notches in the bed. The interior is roomy and comfortable. Not extravagant but I am still satisfied. MPG could be improved, so far getting 16mpg but would prefer if Ford could up that to 20. The V6 has been adequate and the 5 speed auto is smooth. satelite radio is nice. The molded bed w/ compartments and tiedowns is well designed. Overall look is very appealing. 
I've never been a Ford fan, always preferred GM or Toyota products. Test drove this and was impressed with how solid it felt and the quietness of the cabin. 
I was a Ford hater and never would have considered buying one. I was initially looking at the Avalanche and while reading reviews I noticed some positive ones for the SportTrac. I went to the dealership and was also looking at the Expedition, but they could not get me the numbers I wanted so I decided to try out the SportTrac. I took a drive in it and was amazed at how well it drove. It's quiet, smooth, and the V-8 has plenty of go in it. So far I have had it for two months and it's been perfect. My mileage has been about 15-16 overall, but that is mostly because I tend to have a little fun now and then. It's the same mileage my CX-7 got and that thing didn't have anywhere near the room.
I traded in a 2004 F-150 and got 2008 Limited Sort Trac, V8, 4X4, limited chrome and electronics. Ford couldn't have done a better job of putting a vehicle together. Great power anywhere you need it, I am am happy with my mileage compared to my F-150 V8 5.4. Getting 22mph on highway. Very smooth ride, If you're looking for something like this no other manufacturer can even come close to the quality and comfort of the Sport Trac.
I will always need some type of truck for hauling and have liked the Sport Trac since the first ones came out. The addition of the V8 and IRS on the latest model was the clincher. Truck has a very comfortable interior. Outstanding ride and handling. I love the excellent overall quality, it is very quiet with no rattles or squeaks. For someone that does not a 6' or 8' bed length, this truck fits the bill. Tows a 5000 boat very nice and with the traction control, goes up the slipperest ramp with ease. With the sales incentives and rebates, the price simply cant be beat for a fun full featured, loaded 4 door truck.
I had read a lot of reviews before I made a purchase. Allow me to say Ford had done a great job. I put black leather in this vehicle as well. Sync and convenience pack came with it along with the tow. First, I drove the kids to see family 3 hours away and it drove smooth. The passing issue with power-hey guys turn the OD switch off , that will give you more power, not that I had a problem. No carpet. Excellent, easier maintenance. Plastic inside. Great. Now I dont have to use "Armor All"-easy to clean with warm water. A sync syst-with Sirius. Let's roll! A class 3 tow package-take the jet skis to the lake up to 5000lbs w/ elec. Come on! Gas, Ford could do better. 
Bought the vehicle out of necessity. We just had a new baby and needed bigger trunk space. Unfortunately, I traded quality for price and ended up paying for it in the end. Good power in the lower gears, so, you'll get going pretty quickly, but then the power drops off quickly once you get into the upper gears. I always had an extremely hard time passing anyone above 50MPH without hammering down the gas pedal. A lot of plastic interior, comfortable seats for short drives, but horrible on your lower back on drives of 3 hours or more. SYNC feature is horrible! Even speaking slowly and clearly, I'd have to repeat myself 2-3 times for the system to recognize what I was trying to say.
I have had many vehicles, of all sorts. I have been looking at the Sport Trac since it's debut in 2001, but wanted more than the 4.0 litre engine. Now with the V8 4.6 my dream truck is a reality, and the wait was worth it, more robust frame & suspension (IRS), better looks, plus overall refinements. I am over 6'1", comfort is great. I like the door handles (placement, appearance) and have no issue with the door pulls, seats, or anything else. The rubber floor covering is much easier to clean than carpet would be. I trailer two large ATVs at "highway speeds", passing & handling is spot on. I am very pleased with my Sport Trac, and have recommended it to others, friends and family included.
I have had lots of Fords over the years but this is one of the best. I traded a 2004 F150 Crew for this and I am as pleased as punch. The 4.6 V8 is a power house and delivers basicly the same mpg as the 6. It is so easy to park, garage friendly (takes less room) is great on the road. It is quiet, ride is outstanding, no need for rails as in and out access is great. The new Sync by Microsoft and sirus radio makes it a intertainment wonder. No need for cds as one 2mb in the usb will access hundreds of songs with out worry of storage or scratching of cd. The vinyl floor is padded and the cab is quiet. It is a well thought out suv and with current offer of 4000 cash back is a must have.
The 2008 Explorer pick-up is perfect for me and my high school aged daughter. I cannot complain about one thing other than gas mileage on the V6. I guess I would have purchased the V8 just to get the six speed transmission if I knew the mileage would not be all that different, although, my five speed seems fine for my purposes and the eight cylinder just added to the cost. My leather interior, the paint and trim are outstanding. Microsoft Sync and Sirius radio combined with the 6 disc changer gives me so much music through the truck's killer sound system that I don't know quite what to listne to sometimes. I love the handling, et. al. Really neat truck for a city boy.
The Sport Trac is a great truck/SUV! It's great for everyone including familys. This thing has so many features that I don't know where to start. My Kids love it and my wife perfers to drive it over her Mustang and Audi! 
I traded an '05 Sport Trac 4.0 V6. The '08 w/ 4.6LV8 is far superior and fuel economy is 1 mpg less in town than the 6; same on hi-way. The ride is like that of a much more expensive truck and the handling and noise levels are top-notch. Sync system can be a problem at times (mine has gotten stuck in a RING cycle that forced me to pull over, shut everything down and re-start the car. Rear seat legroom is improved over previous model too. This truck is a sleeper, and Manf incentives are great; better check it out! 
I have owned my V6 XLT for three months and I have been very happy with my purchase. I don't need to haul large or heavy objects very often, so the small bed works for me. The ride is comfortable and composed. The V6 has plenty of power and everything has been reliable. Ford needs to work on the fuel economy. I am not dissappointed with the mileage, but I think Ford could do better.
I traded in my '97 Ford F-150, which was the best vehicle I had ever owned. Needed more family room though. Drive alot off road so needed a 4WD. The dealer installed skid plates from Ford and 265/70R17 BF Goodrich Longtrail tires. Lifts the vehicle over an inch vs. stock tires. Truck drives like a luxury ride on the road and has handled real off road trails here in Arizona desert thus far with no problems. It is not the tallest frame for a 4WD, but take it careful and the truck will climb anywhere. Mileage is okay at 18.5 mpg on highway, and 16.5 city. 
I came out of a 2003 4x4 F250 w/ the V10. I loved th truck but needed a vehicle with a lower payment and lower fuel bill. The Sport Trac did both. I have really enjoyed the ST. I think the 4.0 v6 handles it better than the 4.6 v8 handles the F150. Fuel mileage is avg. about 17, and, with the tailgate down, my Honda Foreman 4wheeler will fit in the back(the side tie downs come in very handy for this. Would definately recommend this vehicle.
I have had this truck since January 08. The power is deceiving. I hauled my 600 pound bike from Texas to Wyoming without ever feeling the weight. The truck just towed away. The little issues I have are the wiper cowel coming off for the 5th time, shake in the steering wheel above 50mph, rattle in the dash, and a strange vibration that happens sporadically. Had all of these issues addressed at the dealer. They continue to irritate me. For such a great driving truck, Ford should really adress these issues. It is my understanding that these are fixed for the new 2009 model.
I bought the truck back in January and it has done well overall. Other than the the tailgate trim piece coming off on one end that was replaced under warranty, it has held up well. The truck drives well and the fuel economy is what should be expected from it. 15 in the city 18 to 19 on the Hwy. The power of the 5.4 is there but it is geared low. It won't be the first one off the line but it will cruise comfortably at 80 no problem. Overall it has been good so far and i hope it will continue to do so.
I bought this car June 30, 2008, the last day of the month. If you buy on the last day they really deal so as to build the monthly sales figures. Bought an 08' Lariat Supercrew with every option except DVD. Was a manufacturer's vehicle w/4100 miles. Boy did they deal. Threw in everything except the kitchen sink and sold it below trade-in value. My ONLY complaint is the sluggishness when accelerating from a light and the gas mileage. My last truck was 12 years old (I keep them for a while) with a bigger engine and better gas mileage. I'll probably put straight pipes, performance muffler, and a cold air exchange on this one as I did with the last and watch the milaege improve. Great Truck!
I had promised myself that I wouldn't buy another American made car (truck). Capital Ford in Raleigh, NC ran an ad at a price I couldn't pass up. After a rocky start on the price negotiations my salesman, (Martin Clark) went above and beyond the call duty, he got the owner of the company involved! The owner showed me the truck and the features and assigned his personal assistant to deal with me if I had any problems. (I was told that never happens). I bought the truck with no test drives and have had no complaints. The folks at Capital Ford are as nice as they can be. From what I can tell, they lost money on the deal, even then they are as nice as they can be. 
I have owned my limited 60th edition now for almost a year. I do really enjoy the truck but have a few complaints. First is the "clicking" that comes from the steering column when letting go of the brake. Truck is super quiet and they put in something like this! I would not purchase another truck with this noise. Second is the 60th does not come with the simple windshield wash low warning indicator. Just does not have one. Good truck but I might consider the decision to go 60th again and stick to the regular edition.
So far a great truck. Purchased when fuel was over 4dollars/gal and when 09's were coming end= what a deal!! Chrome, cruise, automatic for 11K :). Love the truck, not a single problem. 
To Whom It May Concern: RE: 2008 Ford F150 Supercrew (Vibration start at 55/60 mph) We purchased this truck February 17, 2009 without a test drive. On Saturday, February 21, 2009, took truck for the vibration to Classic Ford, sat for 4 hours, then was told to come back Friday, February 27. On that day, Friday, 2/27, they ?road forced? balanced the tires and was there for 5  hours. Went back on March 3, 2009, they told me they put 4 different, new tires on the truck and balanced them and was there for 7  hours more. Went back on March 6, 2009, they ?re-balanced? my tires and told to come back Monday, March 9, 2009..that day, they ?forced balanced? the tires again. Then I was told o
I got this truck last august from my father for never getting in trouble with the law. I drive gravel everyday because my driveway is 1 mile straight gravel. The suspension handles very well on the gravel as well as on the road. My rear glass shakes a little when i hit a sharp bump though. I am glad i got the 4.6 because i picked up fuel economy compared to my dads 5.4. It has plenty of power to pull my supercrew 4x4. I have had no problems in my first 9000 miles. I hope it keeps up the only thing im doing is lifting the front end to level and adding dual exaust and maybe a cold air intake. 
My 2008 F150 Supercrew is a a joy to drive. I owned a 2006 Infiniti G35 and to be honest with you I am glad to have my F150. The seats are excellent and the cabin layout. Would not buy any other truck but a Ford. The Ford looks better than any other truck on the market. 
This is my seventh new Ford since 1993, and my third King Ranch truck. While the quiet and smoothness of this ride are the very highest yet, the seats are absolutely the most uncomfortable I've ever experienced, much like sitting in a metal folding chair. The handling is excellent both in town and on the highway. The sound system is AWEsome, and the reliability is...Ford...change the oil every 5k miles and get a new battery every other year and follow the scheduled maintenance program, and the vehicle will never fail you. My 2005 F250 is still in the family!
Very pleased with my F-150 FX4 Crew Cab. The dealer was great to work with and provided a great deal in addition to Ford's great rebates. I picked the F-150 in part because Consumer Reports rates the F-150 with V8 engine as number one of all the 1/2 ton trucks with V8 for reliability. (with the V6, Toyota edges out Ford for number 1 and Ford number 2)
I've owned Dodge trucks all my life. They've been great but I wanted a change. I looked at Dodge, Ford and Chevy. I'm glad I chose the Ford. I pull an 8000lb. trailer and it handles it surprisingly well for a 1/2 ton truck. The Dodge and Chevy definitely have more "get up" but the Ford pulls very well. Interior is definitely plush and the exterior is very sharp, especially with the 20" wheels and two-tone paint. I'm very happy with the truck. 
My family and sons only use Fords and that goes back more than 40 years. The F150 seems to ride better and gets better gas mileage than the posted numbers. Could be the light foot to get more miles per gallon and no major repairs I recall.
Still new but I like the look and feel of this truck. Towed the snowmobiles and hauled them fine. Doesn't have the get up and go like my old Titan, but the Titan was proving to be a repair nightmare and seemed like something was always wrong with it.
After having exceptional luck with my first F150 (98 4x4 that is still going strong), as well as after test driving a Tundra, Silverado, and Dodge, I decided to get another F150. I went with a fully loaded, every option (minus sunroof) 08 FX4 as I didn't see enough difference in 09 to warrant the extra $ for the 09. I've read some reviews about poor power, and I've always felt the F150 lacked the "get up and go" of the Chevy, but I've been very surprised that this truck has loads of power and very nice throttle response. The interior (black leather) is really nice and the truck is super quiet. Very comfortable, great power, very solid! Other trucks were nice, but I'm glad I got the FX4.
I'll start this by saying I'm an auto dealer and have owned many different trucks. I have an 08 F150 XLT with the FX2 front end. It has the 5.4 V8 which is a great workhorse for longevity and strength. It tows my 10,400 ib. trailer like its not behind me. The only aftermarket performance parts are a Volant cold air intake and Flowmaster exhaust. I get between 16- 17mpg in town and 21 on the highway with cruise. My business partner has an 05 F150 FX4 with 201,000 miles on his 5.4. First engine and transmission. They are definitely built Ford tough. Just run synthetic fluids and keep out of the throttle. By far the strongest, most comfortable, most practical truck out there. 
I previously owned Chevy Silverados which have been great. With the year end sales going on I tried to purchase a new Silverado LTZ but no luck in finding one (thanks Goodness) My wife said go look at the new Fords as she thinks they look great. So I stopped at the Ford dealership, saw the King Ranch and drove it home that night. Ride is great, leather is unbelievably fantastic, love the Nav, remote start. The black truck gets lots of attention. Great styling, pulled boat easily (4WD) up a steep wet drive covered with wet leaves It's like driving my big chair in my living room! This truck drives like a dream and has hauled great!
Well my first truck was a 2008 Toyota Tundra with the 5.7 liter, 381hp, I traded the Tundra in for a 2008 FX2 F- 150 SuperCab 4.6liter, the Ford by far in my oppinion is the better truck, I love the smooth quiet ride, steering, the leather captains chair, Ford has been making trucks a lot longer than Toyota, Ford knows how to build a reliable truck, I paid $24,000.00 for a truck that MSRP at $34,500 and it is loaded, Thank God for Ford. Long live Ford trucks. God bless America! 
I have a 1998 F-150 4x4 off-road XLT that has over 200,000 miles on it. Considering the only non-preventive maint. I've ever done was an alternator change, I bought a new 08 FX4. It has every option except for sunroof (much fancier than my older one). I am very impressed with this new truck. I hear some complaints on power, but I feel like the truck has great power and excellent throttle response. The interior is very nice and extremely comfy. My favorite thing is that it is super quiet, even with the 20" wheels, I am amazed at the lack of road noise. These are the only two F-150s I've ever had, but based on my old one and how it's performed over 11 yrs and this new one, I'll continue to buy
I road tested several trucks, and liked the Chevrolet, but after driving the Ford truck, I was sold!!! Great ride quality, nice interior, attractive exterior, smooth handling. Glad I opted for the bigger 5.4 engine!
The Limited Edition F-150 is my first truck and I am absolutely amazed with it. It has no upgrades except the BF Goodrich All Terrain Tires. In my opinion it is very tough. I have used it to climb very steep mud and dirt hills with no problems at all, and almost completely submerged my engine in muddy water and it continues to preform. I have pulled other trucks out of deep that I was able to get through with ease. I would not trade this truck for anything... well maybe the 2009 Edition but that is it. I love my Ford.
I have the XL with the XL decor group and auto transmission, limited slip rear end and sliding rear glass. This is the perfect base truck. It is well built and designed, and rides like a cadillac. Gas mileage in town has been as high as 19 which is as good as the Hyundai Accent I replaced was getting. The 10% ethanol blends have not negatively affected mileage like it seems to do with other engines. (straight gas is not available in my state) Plenty of power for a V6. Visibilty is great. The standard features and built in quality are well thought out for a truck 
This is a good truck. I purchased the 4.6L V8 and it is underpowered. I suggest that you purchase the larger V8. The electronics should be laid out better. I often take my eyes off the road to change the radio. However, this truck is fun to drive and has a tall stature on the road. Handles well and drive more like a car than a truck. I have the split bench front seat and it is a little uncomfortable on long trips.
First Ford truck I have owned, 4 Chevys previously. Had Ford a short time but am very impressed with the small things compared to Chevy. cup holder on dash, cruise on wheel, power package for base truck (windows,doors, mirrors), light weight tailgate, bed light comes on automaticly, side running boards. 
The King Ranch surpassed my expectations with its option packages, more than my 04 Lariat. Ride is comfortable and fun to drive, power is responsive even with a half ton in the bed. Quiet interior when traveling on a variety of road surfaces
I acquired a F-150 for a heavy work load. Big mistake. This vehicle would be good for occasional work and commuting, but has limited capabilities. It is underpowered, loud, poor gas mileage, and unreliable. I spent a small fortune keeping this truck running. I replaced this truck as quickly as financially possible. 
I have owned this decked out King Ranch a while now and gotta say that I am extremely impressed with the build quality of Ford. I had a 2006 Dodge diesel 4x4 that had given me so many problems that I was really worried about getting into another American made truck. All I can say is wow!
I was looking for my first truck not car. I knew I wanted a real vehicle. This is it. Good power. Below average gas mileage was expected. About 15-17 city and 22-25 highway. The 4.6l V8 has plenty of power. The only thing I regret about getting this truck is I did not get it in 4x4 only because I could not afford it. The msrp was 21,000 I got it for 16,000. I very strongly reccomend this truck
Beautiful truck for 32,500. I wanted a working truck and wanted another 4x4 Lariat, the king ranch was the same price as my 7 yr old Lariat.
This is my third Ford and I am somewhat disappointed. The truck itself is beautiful and stylish. The ride is smooth and the interior is the best I?ve ever seen in a truck. The truck also does what it was designed to do. However the truck does not perform well on the freeway. The 4.6L V-8 engine is not powerful enough for a vehicle this size. When I press the accelerator there is almost no response. Its like the engine is telling me I going to take my sweet time getting on the freeway and if I feel like it I may pass this vehicle. I?m not a speed demon, but I expect my vehicles to respond. Overall it?s a nice truck.
An XLT crew cab 4x4 5.5ft box and a 5.4L ffv. which tows my 4500lb John Deere tractor and a 2000lb car trailer and has no problem doing it and also tows my grandfathers 16ft hilo camper. The ride is much better then my uncle's 2007 Tundra and better the my grandpa's 2003 Dodge Ram. So if you're looking for a good truck that can haul a family or almost anything you can tow.
I've owned this STX for 2 months now. I drive it on interstates, secondary roads, and use it off road for farm work. It rides very smooth. Gets OK gas mileage if you drive slower. (17 MPG). I like the cargo doors compared to not having them on my previous F-150 standard cab. Ample power when hauling weight. Nice truck.
I have driven many differnet trucks but I always come back to Ford, man they did an outstanding job with this truck, 300 HP is plenty for anyone that knows trucks, 365 torque is where it's at. It drives awesome like driving a car, 4wd in the snow is great. Think this maybe my last truck for some years to come, very happy 
Truck seems very sturdy and strong. Drives easily and smoothly. Quiet except for slight wind noise around small rear doors and only when very windy outside. This truck w/o all the costly bells and whistles is exactly what we wanted -- i.e. it cost less than many high mileage used trucks we looked at, is very comfortable, has the long bed with high sides, and has some storage space behind seat. Also, seats can be reclined slightly.
The styling, the comfort, the handling, the ride, the sound system, the power is all perfect for a pickup. I test drove Chevy's, Dodge's, and the Toyota and the Ford beat them out every time! Best truck by far! The GM products don't even compare in the looks/trim department; the Toyota is very cheap looking, and the Dodge wasn't even close to the other three in any category! I spent lots of time driving all of these trucks and easily a simple decision. When it comes to value, comfort, appearance, ride, it's hands down the F150. Plus my wife looks great standing next to it! 
I switched from a 2 door Dodge and love my new Ford FX2. It gets a lot of looks and is fun to drive. The ride is quiet even at highway speeds and much smoother than my Dodge. Like the idea of having a 5.4 flex fuel but don't really have to many flex fuel stations.
This is my 2nd F-150 and 3rd Ford overall. I have to say that none of my Fords have ever let me down. I only have 2,500 miles on this truck but has had no issues whatsoever. This truck has all the power I need, as well as all the creature comforts. I also love the styling and gas mileage isn't bad for a 4x4 1/2 ton truck with a 3:73 rear end. I looked at all trucks but the Ford's value, reputation, and comfort won me over hands down. I would recommend the F-150 to anyone who wants a tough truck which can tackle any job. Definately not my last F-150!
Bought this truck to replace my 2008 6.4L diesel,which was nice,but did not fit my current needs as a daily driver. Current truck is KR F-150, fully-optioned. I have been impressed. Runs well, a little short on power, but really smooth and still torquey 5.4L engine. Frame and overall build integrity is very strong. Have tested and/or driven most of the competition and still,to me,Ford has the top overall offering for reliability and "truck performance." Still looks good; has stayed fresh in styling. Some minor assembly issues which are being remedied at dealer; nothing major here. Not a diesel when towing but a great daily driver. Mileage acceptable at 16.5 combined--better than expected.
I have tested all the trucks on the market even for au ugly Titan and ugly Tundra. GMC truck is overall good, however, I don't like its small mirror. Dodge 4.7L engine has less gas mileage. HEMI engine has more power. Tundra is interesting. It labels 381 hp. However, its real world hp is simmilar to the 4.6L Ford I am buying. Toyota cheats new buyers that way. I am atruck person who only care real world hp, not hp on the paper. I also care smooth ride that only Ford can give. I care tough frame also.
I wanted a truck to haul building materials over long distances and looks good while doing it. That's this truck, and I love it. I added some chrome wheels and accessories, and still kept the pricetag under $26k. Fuel economy is great, I took a 500 mi. trip, and rolled into my destination with 1/8 of a tank of fuel left, and this was with a 1000# load up and down mountainsides! Great truck! Thanks FoMoCo! 
Bought this truck as a demo with 5k miles off the showroom floor. It was cleaner than some brand new cars I've bought in the last 30 yrs. Already had several accessories installed that added to the truck's great looks. This is my 4th truck (3rd Ford) and the best one yet. Looks, ride, build quality are first rate. Rearview camera with the sonar sensing system is unbelievable. Try it - you'll like it! 
This is a great looking truck, the best I think. That is the main reason I bought the FX4. The interior is great, has so much room in there I compare it to an SUV. Fuel economy cold be much better, and it is costly to drive these days, but as a owner of a single cab 02 V6 F150, then upgrading to this 5.4 V8, I can see that Ford did get better in its fuel economy, but hey, if you drive such a big truck, you better expect the gas to be high. I have noticed some things that i dont like about it, but all Fords at all dealerships had the problems, one being they roll back on a slope, the other being the steering wheel shakes a bit too much for my liking at speeds of about 70mph. 
This truck has exceeded my expectations in every catagory. I just took a long trip across PA aorund 65 mph and got just over 20 mpg. This truck only has 1200 miles on it. The mileage should only get better. I plan to add an exhaust and cold-air intake and expect even better mileage. Comfort is excellent for long hauls and it is also really quiet. I've driven a variety of trucks (Chevy and Dodge) in 11 years of contract work. Nothing else compares. I could not ask for a better truck.
Bought the truck new. Have not had any actual "problems". The truck drives just fine. Seems like when you go over a bump the bed "moves" no noise and everything feels tight, but you can see movement. On a windy day I have to fight to get to 70 MPH. Feels liks something is pushing against me. Truck feels underpowered. Has a slight rough isle at stoplights. Dealer says it's normal, Ford has "leaned out" the motor at idle for imissions regulations. I wish I had bought the V-8. 4300 miles now. Really wish it had more power. My 1997 S-10 had more power. 
Wonderful ride. King Ranch leather is sharp. Great ride on the highway. Handles easy in the city. Reverse sensors are a big help.
Well I only owned this truck for 2 wks but it is the nicest one yet. Great handling, good pick up, interior awesome, exterior Mahogany color is sharp .I've been driving Ford for 25 years & this is the nicest package yet! The real test will be coming up when I tow my 10K # boat.
Due to the excellent lease programs, I decided on the F-150 due to the value of the programs. I came out of a 2003 Taurus that I drove 100K+ miles without an ounce of trouble. Although it took a day or two to get used to the size, this truck has exceeded my expectations in every conceivable way. It's comofortable, it's smooth and handles beautifilly. The gas mileage of course could be better, but the trade off is excellent road manners, room for 5 and extreme comfort. The 4 X 4 is amazing in snow. Not a squeak, rattle or flaw. I love it. 
I've had this F-150 XL with the 5.4l engine for almost 6 months now and it has once again proved itself. I'm a general contractor for a concrete company in north Texas and I do a lot of driving. This truck gets the crap beat out of it and it just keeps asking for more. So Ford keep up the good work. I can't wait to see your 09 F- 150
I love my new truck! So does everyone else. We can't even go to the store without someone stopping to talk to us about our truck and wanting to know where they can get one! I love the NAV, rearview camera, heated seats, 2 tone leather. Ford has outdone it self with this truck! This truck has been "cityfied"!
I love my 2008 F150 Limited! The style, the comfort, the ride, the sound system. It's all there. This truck is such a pleasure to drive, and is so comfortable, I honestly don't mind sitting in traffic. The heated captain's chairs and sound system will make you forget about all of your cares. Lots and lots of cabin space and conveniently located controls.
Well Ford has done it again. I am so impressed with my new Harley Davidson F-150. Drives great, rides great. Overall I am a huge fan of the Ford product for the first time in my life.
After 3 recalls a driver door handle that fell off, water seperator going bad, and a rattle in my driver door I still love this truck. The king ranch pkg is excellent and the truck still looks like new after 60,000 miles. Engine has been bullet proof with excellent power. Gas milage for a big truck is good at 18 with no AC or 15.5 with the AC on.PS the rattle in the door was fixed by a simple piece of electrical tape applied to the door latch post where the door meets the frame. This is a nice addition to my $50,000 plus truck LOL!
Just got a used 2008 f250, w/ turbodiesel engine. Blast to drive. Unending loads of power. Drags my travel trailer around like its not even there. Built in brake controller great. Power towing mirrors are a dream. Quietest diesel engine I have ever heard. Don't bother with gas engine.
Love the 6.4 Diesel. Best truck i've owned. So solid and powerful its like cheating the vehicle in tow. Makes bid loads feel like my sons tonka toys. Ford has done it again.
Really folks this is a great truck and even better if you do some very minor tweaks. There is lag when you want to pass someone. Ford put that "feature" there to preserve the life of the transmission. The gas mileage stinks becase the EPA said we needed cleaner burning engines.. oh the irony. You can feel bumps more compared to chevy. Chevy uses IFS on the front end and when that chevy IFS breaks, then you see the reason ford stuck by solid front and rear axles. With one modification you can increase your HP and Torque by 50%, have 100% throttle control when passing, and improve your MPG by 30%. You can do this by buying a tuner for about $1500.00. Check out a diesel forum and you'll see. 
This is the 4th pu I have owned from Ford. This is my lest favorite. It hesitates with fuel injection when you are passing. My favorite was the 96. The leather seats are very uncomfortable even teenagers complain. Poor mileage. Last truck got 20. The bst I have gotten is 14.7 Very disappointed. Interior is nice and roomy. Don't like the height of the truck. 20 in wheels have shimmy when you go over bumps. Incredibly rough. If I could afford to, I would trade it in. 
I have a 08 250 6.4 great power. I move up from a f150, not because of power. Braking was not the best when towing 7500 lbs. Now with bigger brakes & controler it's on.
I have had a lot of trucks and by far this is the best one. This is my first diesel so I'm still in uncharted waters but so far I'm very impressed and I think you would be too. Tons of power and just an overall great styling truck. Fuel mileage is what you would expect with a big diesel but in comparison with my old 04 Dodge Ram 1500 with the Hemi and AWD it's almost the same. Around 13-16 on highway. And 10 in city. Ford did a great job by redoing the mirrors for easy seeing. Truck rides nice on the highway and the engine never lets you down.
No problems so far. Diesel is not for the economy minded as this is a heavy vehicle not to mention all the new emission controls the engine has to deal with. Feels solid as a tank. Very happy with purchase.
The truck rides rough. You feel every bump in the road and on the tracks. The truck will lag at acceleration. If you try to pass a slow moving vehicle or enter the highway, the truck's RPMs will lug and you have to pull over so you don't cause an accident. The truck's steering wheel doesn't move up or down to make the cluster visible. The seat is a simple bench seat, so if you have to move the seat forward or backwards you the passenger isn't comfortable. Gas mileage isn't up to par. I maybe getting 12-13MPG at best. If you need a new truck buy a Chevy. 
Great truck. The 6.4 diesel is very strong. Not as fast as Chevy but this is a real truck weighing in at more than 900lbs heavier than the Chevy 3/4ton. I drove them all and this truck feels much more solid than the Dodge or Chevy. Fuel mileage is 16-17 on hwy and 12-14 in city. Truck is comfortable. I normally drive 1/2 ton trucks so handling and driving is a little worse than what I'm used to but this goes for all the diesel trucks. I love the room this truck offers.
I just bought a 2008 F250 with a 6.4L diesel engine. This is my favorite truck I have ever owned. I am averaging about 18mpg (towing or not) not to bad for a 3/4 ton that hasn't even been broken in yet! This truck has all the bells and whistles on it, and with the leather it is a very comfortable ride! Whoever thought up the built in trailer brake controller with tow command needs a raise. This truck is a towing and hauling machine. I've owned Chevy and Dodge and they don't even compare to this beast! When It comes to towing, comfortability, and just plain overall quality, the Ford takes the cake hands down. I couldn't be happier with the product.
I bought it for a work truck, it has a fisher plow, and it's absolutely the best truck I've ever had. My only complaint is the cheap plastic strip at the top of the tailgate which I've broken twice in under a year, loading bikes and sleds. otherwise I think ford got it right this time!
Driveability - abysmally dangerous. The engine decelerates at irregular, random rates making shifting incredibly challenging. Shifts on flat road may take up to 5 seconds to complete (on uphill grades, they might only be done by slipping the clutch). Truck will accelerate by itself to over 2500RPM even in gear. Engine braking is negligible and may turn into acceleration. Dealer says this is normal. The shifter Low/Reverse lockout works sporadically. The fuel tank sloshes when over half-full (sounds like a loose baffle). Truck is taller than the 6'8" specs so wont fit in most garages. Fuel hog despite advanced technology. Engine vibrates. Roof drains into open door or window, onto switches!
I just bought a Ford F240 Lariat with a power 6.4 powerstroke diesel 2 weeks ago. Took it a on short road trip for 200 miles. Averaged 18.1 to the gallon. Not bad for a truck not even broken in yet. It has all the bells and whistles and with the leather interior its a nice ride. In town been averaging around 11 miles to the gallon, hopefully that will improve with time. Also towed my 6000 (dry weight) lbs SeaRay Cabin Cruise with ease and the integrated braking towing system is awesome. Ford builds'em better and tougher!
Switched from 07 GMC and this truck is so much nicer inside and out. Biggest sharpest looking truck on the road. I'm a baseball player and this truck has plenty of room to move all my stuff and 2 dogs to spring training. I'm 6'4" and have plenty of room in the cab. Folding back seats very convenient. Gas mileage is what I expected 17 to 17.5 on the highway and around 13 in town. Ride is much smoother than the GMC, and has a better turning radius. 
I've always wanted an F-250, so I purchased the Lariat crew cab short bed, with the gas v-8. I've had it for 2 months so far, I'm getting about 12 in city, and 14 on the highway (what I expected) Best riding heavy duty I've ever ridden in, and best looking exterior on the market! Seats are very comfortable, brakes are good, and although it's a heavy truck, the acceleration is a little sluggish. Great to drive on long trips. If your in the market for a heavy duty truck, you're not going to beat the Ford 250.
I drove cross country in my husbands' 08 truck within a couple of days purchasing it brand new. 6.4, dual turbo, 250 4x4 Lariat. It never missed a beat. I drove from California to Alabama. I test drove and rode in several diffrent trucks and brands. When I got to Alabama, I ask one of my friends to hook his trailer with a big tractor on it to see how it towed. He has a Dodge and was impressed this truck. Then I drove it back to California. I was not easy on this truck for a minute. If there was somthing wrong with I wanted to know before my husband returned from raq. I can thankfully say he now has a work horse, no problems that I could find and very comfortable to drive and ride in.
Truck is of excellent quality. Quiet, comfortable, excellent interior room, guage layout. Fuel mileage of 15-16 in town and 20 on highway at 70mph with some changes I made ( fuel computer, electric waterproof bed cover, air intake. I also added an aux 50 gal tank. 
My last full sized pickup was in 1979 and it was a Ford. I recently sold a Class A 36 foot diesel pusher motor home with a 350 Cat and an Allison transmission, and I wanted to down size and pull a 30ft 5th wheel trailer. Looks, comfort, visibility,craftsmanship, paint, raw power, transmission, tow mode - all better then expected.Did I mention the power - a 10 plus! My pick-up is a 4X4 with 1800 miles on the truck, from sea level to 5500 feet altitude in 270 miles, pulling the 5th wheel trailer the trucks trip computer says 8.0 mpg at 65 MPH. In town average 13-14 mpg. I got 7-8 MPG with the motor home and lived in the slow lane. Towing at 70 MPH up hill with my Super Duty is effortless. 
Great truck. My first diesel. Only 3,000 miles on the truck so far. Lots of power. A very smooth running truck and quick off the line. Just completed a 2,500 mile round trip from southern California to New Mexico and averaged 15 mpg on the trip over and 16+ mpg on the way back, traveling 70- 75 miles per hour the entire trip and climbing 7,500 ft. passes along the way. Only 9-10 mpg around town. This is not a truck for running errands around town, but met my expectations for a long road trip. I have been told to expect the mileage to improve as the engine breaks in and it seems to be heading that way. The truck ran very well, very comfortable, very quiet and reliable.
I bought a 2008 F350 4x4 King Ranch LWB 5.4L. This is my second diesel and definitely my last Ford diesel. Last one was a 2004 F350 that did about 18.4 mpg and then I get this low sulfur petro burning sponge at best demonstrated 11.8 mpg. Yeah I would probably get 13mpg @ 65 mph but I am in TX and the speed limit is 70-80 on the interstate. I have taken it to the dealer and all they can say is be patient it will get better. Wrong answer. For a 50K truck I better get results. The dealer has given me cash, free tank of gas, free oil change, and other things but Ford engineers screwed up big time on the MPG in 2008. I should have went back to Chevy with a dura
I have had my King Ranch for 2 weeks now. Gas mileage is as expected around 12.5 mpg for mainly all highway driving. This vehicle lacks many options that should be standard for a truck of this price, but it is the best looking truck on the market right now. I had to add some options after market that could be standard. Overall, seems like it will be a great truck.
Great looking truck with lots of power. It has been a wonderful experience to own one so far. The towing mileage could be better but driving on the open road I get 18 mpg at 64 mph.
I talked my husband into this truck from being a pure Chevy man. I doubt I'll ever get another. We haul a 26 foot gear box, got tons of power to move it at 5.6 miles/gall. empty on flat freeway! Now we've got power steering issues on top of radiator issues not to mention we have to carrying a load of back up fuses for hauling because they tend to blow. Hauling my 3 horse with my Sub. I get 13+, same thing with diesel maybe 8. 
This is my sixth new Ford truck and third new Super Duty. Just picked up my 2008 SD King Ranch 4WD SB last week. Not impressed yet with my first diesel. Getting just under 13 in town without a heavy foot. Ordered this with most everything, so very nice. Hard to deal with the lack of throttle response. Seems like diesel is working way too hard to move truck up to highway speed and could be related to base weight and 3.73. Pushing 3.55 to boost economy = dog. Light tan interior is impossible to keep clean. SD FX4 lacks premium interior option like F-150 FX4.
I love this truck for it's appearance both inside and out. My wife has an 06 Acura RL and I will put the interior of this truck against the comfort of her car any day. That said, I am averaging 11 MPG and already have 23K on the trck. I'm told that this will improve once north of 25K but am not holding my breath. Simply put, the fuel economy on this truck stinks! If fuel economy is something that you are looking for in a heavy duty truck, look elsewhere. 
I have owned this truck for 10 months now and could not be more pleased. Power is great I pull a 34 foot Prowler Regal 5th and often a 17 foot boat behind that and average 13 to 14 miles per gallon (Canada) and 22 to 24 on the highway. I would not complain about poor milage even if it was poor as this truck is fun to drive loaded and gives me great piece of mind when towing. By far the best Ford I have owned.
I have owned Ford F-250's since the 70's, usually buying a new one with every body change. don't use every day, however need a heavy truck to pull equipment weekly and a large boat a few times a year. This is my first diesel & automatic tranny and other than the fuel usage it is a great extremely quiet engine with exceptional acceleration. My previous was a 99 super duty with a V-10 w/ 5 speed OD tranny and no regrets there either. Best truck I have ever owned. Dodge, GMC & Chevy aren't even in the same leaguewith this beautiful beast.
I have 3500 miles on this truck and im averaging 16 to 17 mpg in town and over 20 mpg on the highway with no mods except I use diesel kleen in the fuel. I do granny the throttle but with so much power you dont need to act like every time you accelerate its a 0-60 drag race. Also I put 70psi cold pressure in my 20" stock tires and it seems to help a lot. But overall it's a great truck and I love. I also plan on putting a air intake system which should help even more. 
Great truck for pulling a trailer. Far superior to any Chevy truck I ever owned. Comfortable, looks great, rides nice, quiet (for a diesel), but I'm getting 9 mpg currently. Hoping for more as I add more miles to the odometer. At $4/gallon for diesel these days, who can afford to drive one of these bad boys?
OK I will admit I have an 6 inch lift with 37 inch tires but i get no better than 12mpg going easy on the throttle on the frwy and 7 mpg pulling my 7000 lb trailer(total B.S.). My V10 did better than this, what gives? Is changing the gear ratio to 4.30 the ticket for some improvement over the 3.73. This truck is history unless something comes out about improving the mileage
6.4L diesel crew cab, Lariat. I love everything about this truck, except the poor fuel economy. Starts from the line and will blow the doors off most everything except the cars that are supposed to be fast. Very fun to drive, and loads of power to pull whatever I want to pull. I have 10,000 miles on it now and average 11.8mpg. I was hoping for atleast 16-18. I know people with the old 7.3liter that get over 20mpg. That's what I was hoping for. Maybe after it get broke in good it will do better. I contrast, A Nissan Titan only gets 12mpg, and it won't pull even half what this one will. Also, I love Ford's keypad on the door. You never have to worry about locking yourself out.
The truck has some great features. It drives and handles great. It will pass everything except a station. I have had the truck 7 months and have put over 10k in fuel. When pulling I have a average mpg of 3-5 and empty 9-11. Now it's falling apart new grille, door handle, radiator, trailer wiring shorted out. I have owned Fords all my life. It's all I have ever had. This will be the last.
I previously owned an F350 5.4 gas engine, and now have the 6.4 liter diesel and i am overwhelmed with power and performance. Having also owned a Chevy the Ford beats it hands down! The only low point is the fuel mileage at 10-11 mpg. But overall this truck is the mack daddy!
This is my 5th Ford Pick up but my first diesel. I've pulled travel trailers for a few years and have been pleased with the performence of my Fords. Went to a 250 this time and wasn't disapointed with how much fun it is to pull with. Have considered the competition but in the end Ford knows how to build a man's truck... As I see in other reviews I will say the same when it comes to mileage and I too am expecting better than 12 to 14 city and 17 to 18 highway. Only 8,000 miles on it and am told that it will improve after about 20 to 25,000 ? We'll see 
I've owned Ford trucks since the 70's and was always a ford person. MY 2002 powerstroke was the best truck i ever had. The 2008 diesel has a lot of power but terrible fuel econony - and that's and understatement.They moved the engine into the cab resulting in less room in the interior - no back seat room for the third person. There's no side pouches or creature comforts for anyone riding in the back. 
This is the most comfortable truck I have owned. It takes a hard beating daily and comes back every day. The 5.4 liter can be deceiving but the torqeshift transmission compliments it well. Can't complain for getting a $41,000 truck for $29,000. There's only one reason a manufacturer would offer a lifetime or 100,000 mile warranty, having trouble selling them. Think about that.
I traded up after my 2006 deisel was totaled. If I had only known I would have gotten one sooner! No noticeable turbo lag with new set up. Interior is much nicer although upfitter switches get in the way of cup holders. 
Great looking truck inside and out. Great features such as the tailgate step. Performance has been so-so and currently have a problem with turbo that must be diagnosed. 
Averaging 10-11 mpg mostly freeway driving. Exhaust billows out of tailpipe on cold mornings. 10k miles and the interior squeaks while on-road driving. Window leaks water and air whistles when rolled up. Currently have an exhaust problem - blue smoke comes out during engine warm up and leaves traffic behind me in a cloud.
Nice ride and drive. Not as strong as expected. Interior is first class for a truck and by far the best looking truck. 6.4L is not as strong as I thought it would be and transmission stinks. Mine has allready been at the dealership for a transmission reprogram. Fuel economy is awful. 
The company assigned this vehicle to me - bare bones XL Long Box 4x4 with the Powerstroke. I put the first 5000 miles on it and must say overall I love it! I ranked the interior lower because it's an XL with the plastic seats and zero options. I'd love a Lariat. The Powerstroke feels like it can tow a house and it is quick when it needs to be (after slight turbo lag). The suspension is set up to be loaded with 2000 lbs, so at freeway speed unloaded, it is "bouncy". I have climbed rocky slopes with a 6000lb trailer hooked up without even needing 4x4. This truck is a beast! Visibility is great for such a large truck. You're going to have to pay for the big rig in gas though...
Traded our 2005 F150 for the 2008 F 250 King Ranch Diesel. We needed more power to tow our 9000 pound trailer. What an awesome truck. This truck was able to pull our trailer up mountains that were almost straight up for miles on end and it didn't even whimper. Best decision we ever made. Hope to take King Kong (its pet name) up and down many more mountains in the near future. 
Absolutely the worst fuel economy of any truck I have ever owned! I only get 7 miles per gallon towing a utility trailer Ford should be embarrassed. Ford's response to me when I questioned the gas mileage was they are not responsible for mileage. You bought it, you own it, as long as it meets "factory specs" it's my problem. $48,000 truck and I get 12 MPG daily and 7 MPG towing and Ford says there is nothing wrong. I will unload this thing ASAP and never buy another Ford. The fuel tank is not only smaller than my 2005 F250 but at 7 MPG my effective range is about 125-150 miles..wow doesn't that make travel fun
Wow, this thing gets up and goes! It handles rough terrain with ease, and feels like my wife's Maxima on the highway. Love it, love it, love it! 
I've had my Super Duty for five months and I truly love it. The diesel is so quite. This summer while on vaction we were stopped for road construction and the sign lady came over to talk to us. She commented how quite the diesel was. On that trip we towed our trailer which is 11,200 lbs over two 11,000 ft passes. We had lots of power. The tow/haul feature is really nice. The ride is very comfortable and the truck is a lot of fun to drive. At times parking can be rought. 
I traded in my 2001 Ford F350 7.3 for this new (2008 Ford F450 6.4 twin turbo 4.88 Rear end) and will never look back. This truck pulls like a dream and I cant even feel my 12,000 lbs trailer full of construction tools behind this beautiful truck. Every time I fill up pepole stop and ask about it although the only complaint is the 10 MPG it is well worth it!! I now have 4800 miles and 225 hours on this great engine and can't complain after only 1 month in service its in for a long haul. 
To date the mileage has been aprox. 15-16 MPG but I have only run 1 tank of fuel through it. Fuel tank is slightly smaller than my 1999 F-350 so stops will be a litte more frequent. Interior is great. Exterior looks good. Now time will tell if i made a good choice
I have now had two full months with my new F250 King Ranch crew cab 6.4L diesel 4x4.A truly great truck. Excellent power and refinement.Having owned over 10 Ford trucks this one is by far the best overall.Diesel has solid power and is very quiet.Fuel economy is currently 17 mpg on highway, 13 city and 12-14 highway towing a 9000 lb. trailer.I expect some improvement with a few more miles.Truck is well made,finish work is the equivalent of an expensive luxury car. No rattles or squeaks. Stereo, DVD nav are nice options, and the seats! An expensive truck. One can get another brand for less, but this is simply the best heavy duty pickup I have ever driven, and I have used many. Great job Ford!
This truck is unbelievable. I loved it ever since I saw it, and once I got in the cab it was just amazing. This truck is the nicest truck I have ever seen. And the engine well lets just say it?s more than enough power. I can?t believe the remarkable acceleration that this has. I have only had this truck for a couple months but I think it speaks for itself. I own a 32? boat that weighs about 11,200 pounds and when i am pulling it out of the water I only have to tap the accelerator, and don?t worry about your wheels spinning on the platform, with the new traction assist you will never get that. I have the King Ranch Edition, it?s fully loaded. I love the truck. 
I have to tell you after having a 6.0 Power Stroke and what problems came with it, I never thought Ford would get it right. But after checking Chevrolet and Dodge, I elected to take another chance on Ford. This is the best truck that Ford has ever built. It tows my boat like no other and handles like a dream. Loaded on empty it is one comfortable ride. The power and delivery of the power is unbelievable. I would suggest that everyone who is looking for a new truck, to look and drive one of these new Fords.
Traded in my 2004 PSD Crew short bed for this 2008. Amazing truck. Diesel is new model, very powerful and extremely quiet. Great fuel mileage, and tows my Jayco fifth wheel like it's not really there. The cab is so nice! Quiet, comfortable...all the amenities, too! 
I just bought our new truck 2 weeks ago. It has a gorgeous updated leather interior! Ride is smooth. I got it with a regular gas engine. Lots of leg room in back.
I just bought our new truck 2 weeks ago. It has a gorgeous updated leather interior! Ride is smooth. I got it with a regular gas engine. Lots of leg room in back.
I never thought Ford could turn around the Super Duty and produce the truck they have with this new model. Unbelievable appearance, ride and muscle.
I've only had my 2008 F250 a short time but I'm really impressed. It is a lot of fun to drive. It tows our trailer without any problems. I've had it out into the Texas Hill Country which was a good test. This summer I'll try it in the mountains. I still don't have a feel for MPG and diesel prices are higher. I'm hoping that my first impressions will be lasting ones. So far it's a fantastic truck.
i have 7000 miles on the 6.4. it has lots of power. anyone that owns one get a 4 inch ext. tuner and you will not have any problems. the reason some are is that these engines r so restricted back because of the govt these engines need to breath just like us and their not letting them. dont believe me go buy a 08 dodge cummins its having the same problems. so its not ford dodge or chevy. these engines produce so much horse power and torque that with resrtictions its hurting more than helping. so what im saying is help out your engines.. i deal w them everyday look at the engine prior to 2003 and they all era great thats because govt. wasnt involved
I have had this truck for almost 2 years. Till now i have changed 2 radiators, and almost $6000. And the white smoke is still blowing out of the tail pipe. Moreover I need to add 1 gallon of coolant every 200 miles. 
 Fuel mileage 7-9 mpg no matter if loaded or not. Most of my driving is short trips 5-10 miles town and country mix. I even drove it to California thinking the open road would help... Best avg was 12.5 mpg on 1000 miles of flat driving with no load. Factory tires were garbage they wore out at 14,000 miles good job Ford. They replaced my radiator at 3000 miles. This is my $50,000 truck. I have owned and bought 5 new Ford super doodies since the new body style and this motor is crap because of the mileage and the truck rides too stiff. The exhaust cleaner is ridiculous. 
I want to fist say that I have the King Ranch and it has the most amazing leather package that I have ever seen! Next, it is not entirely Ford's fault regarding fuel economy. In 2008, the EPA mandated DPF filters on all diesel trucks resulting in horrible fuel economy. The radiator issue is a recall, and I had mine replaced at 35k -- since then I had no problems. Towing: I tow a 38ft 12k fifth wheel and live in Colorado (high altitude). The DPF while in regen will increase EGTs resulting in the turbo fans to go off and sometimes resulting in the truck going into limp mode. I find this to be this trucks serious flaw. 
Have had nothing but trouble with my diesel engine. It blew up with just over 800 miles. Have had oil leaks ever since. Numerous recalls. Just lost a turbo at 28000. A very nice truck with a bad engine. Poor fuel milege. 11mpg empty.
Quieter than my 6.0, but seems to have less torque, fuel mileage is 1-2MPG less than my 6.0, has plenty of power to pull 39' horse trailer and hauling 15 rolls of hay, seats are still not comfortable and have been since 2002 models, sides of front seats push in at the hips and cause discomfort after a few hours of driving, Ford still needs to redesign front seats, vibrates at take off, worse when pulling loads, bumpers are the pits any more on new trucks, they are nothing more than cosmetic like car bumpers, Factort Continental brand tires stink, rubber gets gummy and peals in hot road conditions, they are worn out by 30,000 miles, Ford can do better on a 50,000 truck. 
So far no issues. One long haul over many passes and headwinds, the trans is killer compared to My old 97 Power Stroke there is nothing I miss about the old truck. Quiet &comfortable. This truck laughs at climbs and head wind. Mileage increased from 12.8 to 16.1 driving to work after the towing workout. Continental tires wear is not good. Ford needs to work on that part. 18 inchers are not cheap. Re-gen has been occuring at a pretty steady 350 mile interval. Most of my driving is highway. with little stop and go driving. WE are very happy with the truck. this is Ford Diesel #3 for us.
2nd Review, Now have 49000 miles on truck. For the first year only in the shop 13 times. 2 Radiators, Turbo controller, P/S idler pulley, A/C repair, Still smimmys when starting from stop. Trans now and again down shifts hard like I got rear ended. Dealer says no problem found. Goes into regen 3 to 5 times a day, sucks fuel while in regen. Dealer says, That is normal. Before computer up date, maybe regens 3 times a week. The truck has power, I am afraid to take off road. Will the radiator leak? Will I start a desert fire from the regen? Will I have to walk 60 miles because the truck broke down? My 2000 Ford f250 4X4 7.3L,(bought new), 268,000 miles in the shop 4 times. 
I have now had 5 Ford F-250 or Ford F- 350 diesel trucks. I tow trailers and use my trucks for work everyday. I have loved all of my Ford trucks until this 2008. This truck is junk. The 2005 Ford F-350 was one of the best trucks I have ever owned. It had tremendous power and fuel mileage pulling my 48' trailer the way I drive at around 11 mpg. The 2008 model gets 5.9 mpg. I have had 2 radiators replaced. The exhaust system has had numerous repairs with most dealers not knowing what to do. It repeating will go into exhaust clean at idle with my foot on the brake and will lurch forward. Ford continues to tell me it will not do this. I have discussed this problem with Ford, I am tired of Ford.
Checked with Edmunds.com and found multiple people with radiator issues. Within one year 2 recalls, (one with the radiator) now they tell me thousands to replace it, not covered by agreement. We had work done months ago they charged us for and when we called Ford found out it was covered and was issued a check. Not feeling warm and fuzzy with you people. Not getting lots of answers from the dealer either. Seems strange with a radiator recall, now we have to replace it. Not happy at all
Traded in my '05 F-350 V10 for this Diesel monster and am mostly pleased. At 30k miles, MPG has improved to 16 on avg, but MPG is very sensitive to speed, wind, and other conditions. Ride is great, even smoother when towing/hauling. Impresses everyone who rides in it. Quiet engine. Have had absolutely no mechanical issues. A very capable truck!!
This truck is junk. It has left me setting over and over again. White smoke, stutters at 2500 rpm, blows turbo clamps, just replaced a seized up egr valve. Have had new rear-end, 3 new radiators, egr valve, egr coolers, and the only thing they do is say "we reprogrammed the pcm" Never works right. The outside and inside design of this truck is over the top, the engine just needs help. Never again.
Great truck. I bought the King Ranch Dually Longbed 4x4. I ride is great and everything is awesome except the mileage. No more than 19mpg at 55 mph. If you go faster the mileage drops fast, 11mpg at 75. Looks and comfort are great. Parking is hard, but that's to be expected. Heated seats and stereo are also great. Cabin is very quiet and comfortable on long trips. Interior design is very nice and easy to use. Nice big AC vents
I have a 2008 F-350 6.4 diesel Harley Davidson edition. I have about 6500 miles on it and I am getting 18.5 MPG HWY at 60 MPH. About 16.5 MPG around town. Had an 2005 Dodge ram 2500 club cab Cummins with around 50 k (22 hwy 20 city). The Dodge was a great vehicle. Ford has more room in the back seat. The Dodge had more interior storage spaces.
I recently had so many problems with the 2003 diesel that I traded in for an 08 crew cab Lariat dually. It pulls my 26K trailer with 3 horses like a freight train! Quiet, dependable and fun as hell to drive! Absolutely love this truck and will definitely recommend to friends who are getting rid of their Chevys!
I own a 08' Lariat dually crewcab one ton. I've owned sevral 3/4 tons (7.3's) in the past and yes they did get better mpg. 18 to 22 vs. 12.5 to 14. My truck has just turned 20k and is setup to pull (4.10 rears Vs. 3.73's). I knew what I was getting into, this truck is great, my wife loves to drive it. It's easy to turn and park. I had an aftermarket air filter on it. But after hearing too many scary stories about turbos being destroyed along with the engine, I went back to stock air box and filter. Mileage and HP have not been affected. So for sake of your $7500 engine and voiding any warranties don't mess with perfection. On a trip at 75 mph unloaded I averaged 11.6. Back (3.5 ton)11.8.
The truck is great for sure. I have owned Ford super duty truck since they started. This 2008 is all around best ford F-350 out there, but I have 8k miles on it now and tody is the 1st time i pulled my 40 fifth wheel. The MPG stinks. I got 7.8 at 65mph. Yes I have the 4.10 rear end. I think as soon as my warranty is up I will pull the exhaust system out and change it. I have been told this will make about a 40% better mpg. When I drive the truck without pulling anything it gets 12.2 mpg at 70, 13.8 at 65 mph, 16.0 at 55mph. I know I bought the truck to haul and yes that part is perfect. My last 350 got 17 mpg at 80 mph, pulling a 40 trailer I got 10.4. 
Mine is a 08 F350 4x4 crew cab LB 6.4L diesel. The power is fantastic. The rest is junk. In one year 29000 miles, It has had 2 radiators, idler pulley, hitch replaced, it has a shimmy when starting off they can not fix, (normal for the truck they say), A/C makes noise in cab. Belt squeels loud when A/C turns on. Tire worn out in 29000 miles. All in all would not buy again
I have just purchased this vehicle. Performance is excellent and ride is great. I know that people are concerned about the fuel economy. This truck is a job build #3. I would have to tell anyone that is looking for reasonable fuel economy and need a truck, this Ford will do the job. I have the diesel with the 3.55 rear end. I only have 1000 miles of use but I was able to get 19.3 MPG driving 60 MPH. Remember the diesel will show a MPG improvement after about 10K. The Super Duty will make a excellent truck for anyone needing a truck for work. I also believe those getting bad MPG are running 4.10 gears and also drive just to fast to maximize MPG. 
I had a hard time during my 27000 to 28000 km mark. My fuel economy went from 690 km per tank to 390. Wow! It took 3 attempts and two diffrent dealerships to fix. I blew all my o rings and injectors. I was blown away as 1 injector maybe but all of them wow. So after a mechanic it's all back to normal and my economy is still climbing.
This is my first diesel truck and upgraded from an F150. This truck has tremendous power and towing ability and looks the part. Just got back from an extended trip towing a 10,000 lb trailer in the mountains with an 800 lb motorcycle in the bed and the truck did great even after obliterating a deer at 60 mph. I did develop a funning turbo noise under extreme load and high rpm towing which is a concern, but have not had any other problems. Mileage under load varies from 7.5 to 10 mpg depending on wind and speed, but unloaded I have gotten up to 19 mpg at 70 mph which is better than my F150. It took about 5000 miles to get to that mpg.
I've owned a lot of trucks over the years as third vehicles and primarily use them for light recreational hauling, hunting, etc. My previous two trucks were 2004 and 2005 F150's. Both were impressive trucks,however,my early impression of the F350 is that it's in an entirely different league. It rides like an F150,would likely beat the F150 in a drag race,is quiet and civilized yet pulls like a beast. I'm still on my "new truck honeymoon" but must say this F350 has captured my heart in the early going and I'm not easily impressed. Admittedly, I go through a lot of vehicles but my intention is to drive this beauty 4 or 5 years. No load combo driving mpg is right at 14...hope it improves. 
This is a great truck so far! The mpg could always be better but it's new and diesels need time to break in and get better mileage.(about 12.5mpg with 2000 miles on the truck) Haven't had any blue smoke like I read from others, also with the new emission regulations the Cummins and the Duramax aren't getting much better mpg compared to the Ford, so blame Washington for that! I pull a 14,000 gvw gooseneck dump trailer and this truck handles it loaded with ease! Like I said this truck is new, with a brand new diesel. I have faith Ford learned it's lesson with the 6.0 and will not shoot itself in the foot with this new 6.4! 
Worst truck ever owned. We own Heavy Duty Dodge and Chevy but decided to try out Ford with 6.4L Turbo and it's the worst piece of crap ever. Engine overheat 3x in the last 15 days. Dealer replace ECG, radiator to no avail. It's still at the dealership for same work. We filed for Lemon Law buy-back but Ford refused. Case in pending right now. Buyer Beware..... Ford is only good when selling a vehicle. Worst when it comes to backing up their product. No wonder the company is losing money and people are staying away from Ford. Again, Buyer Beware !!!!!
My third new Ford diesel in six years. This thing is junk compared to my 6.0 or 7.2. Thick blue smoke out the exhaust from time to time (dealer can't fix it), 11.5mpg tops! 12.0mpg on the highway. My 7.2 was 19.5mpg and my 6.0 was 19.0. Real poor power, and I can not add a chip to help improve it. Very Small gas tank with such a fuel hog. Paint is poor, very orange peel all over. 
This is by far the best truck I have ever owned. I have had all of them. Chevys break and Dodges are just to loud. I pull a 40' fifth wheel with ease. I would recommend this truck to anyone. 
Have 08, Crew, dually two wheel drive. Diesel. Truck pulls great, rides well. Ordered with 4:30 rear to tow heavy, might be mistake. Fuel mileage is mid 11 to low 12. That is empty. Pulled 13000# 5th wheel and mileage held @ low 11. At price of diesel now, I don't know... 
This truck replaced my 2003 F-350. What a difference! Night and day between the two New truck runs smoother and quiter. Great interior with plent of room. Have not pulled with it yet but will next spring when camping season starts. Can't wait.
This is the first diesel I've owned and love it. The truck handles very well for the size and the ride is comfortable. Currently not towing anything until the engine has about 10,000 miles on it, and then will tow 12K 5th wheel on weekend getaways. First tank I averaged 11.5 mpg, second was 13.5, and expect it to get better over time. 
I have owned several Ford trucks, and they have all been solid workhorses. My new F350 DRW with the optional 6.4 diesel appears to be of the same cut of cloth. So far, it has met every work task with ease. It rides like a half-ton SUV, pulls like a locomotive and has the looks to turn heads. Some new owners complain about fuel consumption. Granted, it would be great to have all this ability, plus 25 MPG, but that's not what these trucks are designed for. They are built to pull heavy loads, and you have to pay a price for that. Would you expect a draft horse to consume the same amount of feed as a burro? If you need a truck for heavy towing, I suggest you strongly consider the F350.
08 350 Lariat Supercrew Deisel 4x4 exceeds expectations.... ride, performance, and luxury in a mean looking package.... and friendly emmisions too. Fuel economy so, so but a lot better then the H2. Had the Ford Bluetooth Mobilease installed and it works well, ($625.00cdn). This unit will do almost anything, and I enjoy doing eveything with it. Kids love it and my wife enjoys the beautiful cabin. 
I use this to tow my race cars. It does a great job. I replaced my 2001 F150 Supercrew with the F350. I've done a best of 22 mpg at 60 mph on cruise control. Towing I get 13-14 at 65 with a car on a trailer behind me. Around town it's 10 or so unloaded. It's so quiet I barely hear it running. This is unlike any diesel I've ever been in. I will likely drive this truck until it dies.
This is one comfortable ride with some oomph. 350 flat bed diesel work truck. Always towing about 7 ton. Compared to older 2000 7.3 F250 which was a rodeo ride with OK power this new truck is a joy. 
I have 08 F-350 Super Duty DRW with 6.4 Power Stroke and 4.10 rear end. Drove truck on 2200 mile trip towing a 6500 LB. boat with a 600 LB. quad in the bed. Avg. mpg was 13.2 for the trip. Mixture of mountain towing and flat lands. Truck performed exceptionally well...great power and brakes. Now that I'm back with 5000 miles on truck I have seen 17 mpg empty. Truck is breaking in well and mpg is climbing. This truck is the best tow vehicle I've ever driven. It has the guts to pull hard on 6% grades with no sweat.
I have 1200 miles on F-350 Super Duty with 6.4 Power Stroke and I have already seen 15 mpg at constant 65 mph with cruise. I see 12-13mpg in town. Truck tows like a locomotive...rides like a car. Best ride in any dually out. Leather seats are comfortable, cab interior is carlike. Stereo sound is great. My wife likes to drive this truck better than her SUV...speaks volumes about how well it handles. No diesel will give best fuel economy till at least 5000 miles.
I just picked up my fully loaded '08 diesel F-350 long bed dual rear wheel beauty one week ago and I have already gotten tons of compliments on it (at least one a day.) The power is amazing, the engine is deadly silent and it handles like a 1/2 ton! I plan to pull around 17,000#'s with a 5th wheel in the future, but for now it pulls around my 7,000# boat like it's not even there. The interior is by far the nicest I have ever seen in a truck. So nice that my wife even likes to ride in it! She has hated all of my other trucks and would only want to take her BMW until now.Thanks Ford!
I advise you to read this if you are considering the diesel. Love the feel, the drive, the interior and and comfort. Please Ford, take this lemon back! I am getting 8mpg highway - no load! Less than 6MPG with a load. Ford are aware and will do nothing about it. As far as they say, they never claimed better mileage, just better emissions. 
I had to wait over 3 months to take delivery of my "King Ranch", and it was well worth it! It has a sleek interior, smooth ride, and a powertrain that refuses to quit! Pulling a trailer seems effortless and still delivers a great ride. The 6.4L diesel is not only quiet enough to pull through a fast food line without turning off the engine, you can actually travel down the road without raising your voice to talk to your passengers. Not all trucks are able to claim that. Ford has succeeded with a very stylish and impressive truck!
In my 1 week of ownership I have found my new F350 Diesel to be a great vehicle: fast off the mark, looks good, and decent economy for such a large vehicle. The interior seems to have a solid and upmarket feel - no cheap jiggly plastic, or rattles. In a word: car-like. My usage involves light towing, lumber yards, 5 passenger trips, and also some commuting when the car is in for service. This vehicle is huge, but comfy enough to be driven anywhere. Ford had to get this revision of the F series perfect, and I think they have very nearly succeeded. It is a large improvement over my 2003 F250 - which was 2 generations of truck ago in the Ford Super Duty line. I might ditch the car!
I love this truck! It is the first diesel I have owned. Takes some getting used to. Honestly Ford wasn't even on my list. Their build quality in the past left something to be desired. I have to say the fit and finish is perfect. The interior materials lost that "plastic" feel. This cab feels luxurious. The diesel pulls right out, you can really feel the torque. My purchase was intended to pull a fifth wheel but haven't purchased that yet so no info on the towability. The crew cab is awesome, it holds all my tools previously kept in the bed of my Chevy. Turning radius is great, U-turns are no problem. That was unexpected but welcome.
I ordered my 2008 F350 SRW Super Duty back in October with the 6.4 L twin turbo diesel engine, 5speed auto in a crew cab with 4X4 and a long bed. I took delivery on February 13th and have loved driving this monster ever since. The interior looks like an F-150 but is unique to the Super Duty line. The leather seats are the most comfortable in any heavy pick-up but the quiet diesel with jet like thrust is what Ford got right. I don't have to shut down the engine to order at the drive through (not possible with a Dodge/Cummins) and acceleration is a silent, progressive shove in the back without any turbo lag or whine. This truck rides like a half ton, goes like sports car, and tows like a Peterbuilt.
I had originally reviewed this truck well over a year ago. Since that time I've had the rad replaced twice and then a loss of power problem. Ford replaced the fuel pump, but that didn't fix the problem. After 6 months of back and forth they finally figured out it was the high pressure pump. Towing a 18K lb trailer was a challenge on a recent trip when the truck kept losing power. Thankfully they finally fixed it! I have to admit, Ford did help out in the way of giving me a rental vehicle and covering everything under the Powertrain warranty. But would I buy another one? Nah. Should have gone for one of those Freightliners!
@ 10770 miles turbo went bad enigne noise, turbo noise over heating all sort of problems, @ 13500 engine rebuilt , engine noise, turbo leak, overheating!! @ 13700 miles radiator replaced. @ 16600 miles date 10/01/09 vehicle in shop AGAIN! turbo leak, temp gauge problem, radiator leak, smell of oil in cabin, engine oil leak. ford refuse to replace the vehicle. just a nightmare. DO NOT BUY THIS TRUCK!
63K miles - 4th time in the shop for major repair. Latest adventure 1 week to replace fuel pump, WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU HAVE TO REMOVE THE CAB TO GET TO IT? This truck was not designed to be maintained. Change fuel filter every other oil change ($$$$). Regular tire shops cannot change or rotate tires (???). This truck is not one of Ford's better ideas.
I have had my truck for 12 months, it has been in the shop 16 times for a little over 180 days but ford will not buy back! one problem after another. currently if has been in the shop for over 30 days,last week they where test driving it before calling me to pick it up after 3 weeks in and it sucked a valve on the test drive. They cant even keep it running long enough to give it back to me from the previous repair. 
I have had all of fords diesels and this one is absolutely the worst. Been in shop 13 times and has to go again. Radiator blown, egr valves clogged many times, and this regeneration is a joke. DO NOT buy this truck, just throw 50k out your window!
I use this truck every day to tow various trailers for work and pleasure. From a 6 ton travel trailer to 2 jet skis on a trailer, towing is simply amazing. I had the same radiator problems everyone else seems to have had but mine was fixed in a day at the dealer. Perimeter lights on the bed fell out constantly but those too were fixed and have been ok since then. The 80mph governor was a surprise but I read it has to do with the stock tires. It has been terrific advertisement for my company and a great work horse- I've tugged a semi out of a ditch with it, no problem! Upgrade to the "Banks Combo" for more HP and better efficiency, 15k will get you a lift, new wheels and tires to die for!
I've got just over 20,000 miles. The fuel mileage is pathetic at 8.4 mpg average (about 7 towing and 9.5 not). It's been in the shop to many times to count. 3 radiators, water pump, idler pulleys, thermistats, wheel bearing, etc. It ruined our last vacation by being stranded in a tiny desert town for several days.
Bad mama jama I haven't towed my 5th wheel yet but will soon. 12.5 mpg @ 65 mph with a 4.88 rear end I have 14000 miles now and when I had 7000 miles I got 10.5 mpg.
Love my truck, Job 1, Have had it for almost two years and only minor issue, Radiator leaked, Dealer fixed right away. I tow Horses and 5th wheel up to Utah & Northern New Mexico and Colorado with no problems. Love to pass those Chevy's and Dodge's.I love to drive this truck. Pulls better than my 99, 01,(7.3's) 07,(6.0) f-350's I use to have. Mileage could be better but getting better as the motor breaks in. To date getting 14.5 off the hook and 12 on it, Use synthetics and getting better. But this thing is made for pulling and thats what I do with it. If you want a truck to haul Groceries dont buy this truck! if you need to pull loads all the time this is the TRUCK! Overall love this Truck
We have the King cab and have people looking at it, asking all kinds of questions and commenting on its good looks every week. The truck is a super hauler, looks great, fun to drive (Wife claims its her's) and is a perfect combination with our 40' toy hauler.
Bought the King Ranch and love the interior. The stereo and nav system are great and I also like the braking. The heating system is excellent and love those heated seats. Really like the low noise diesel engine. Power loss on hills while towing is to be expected but not to s only 11,000 miles on it, I still only get 7mpg hauling and 9.5 in town. 488 gearing robs the mpg. Truck has been takien to the dealer's numerous times because it doesn't feel or sound as though it's running correctly. I'm always told it's fine. I'm waiting for the big "Kaboom!" The governor's got to go and the exhaust system needs a complete over haul.
When it works it is a good truck. In '07 hauling horses and 40 footer it stranded us on the road in Oklahoma. Two weeks, two dealers later it was supposedly fixed. Broke again on the way home. Right now it is in shop in North Carolina. Stranded again on road in Nebraska. Fixed then broke again in NC. Replace injector 1 three times, and elect module once. This truck has been towed to shop four times. When we get it back .... sold.
This is one big truck! We purchased this so we can tow our 40' toy hauler. The 1 tons won't do the job. The quality of this truck is impressive.The 6.4L diesel barely makes a sound and the interior is amazing! Navigation, rear DVD for the kids, 6 disc CD, wow! This truck handles and feels like a car but you're above the traffic and know you're in a truck. Ford made the right choice to make a commercial truck into a heavy duty hauler for a family. More people are buying large 5th wheels and this is the natural choice. And I know I made the right one!
Have 17,500 and love the truck. Interior is beautiful and convenient. Can ride for days and feel fresh. Pulling a 40 ft horse trailer with 8- 10 horses. Have no problem with power. Gas mileage is where I expected it. 10 to 15 mpg hauling 14 to 17 off hook. Notice a big difference in mpg from 55 to 65. No problems so far. Prior truck was gmc 3500. No comparison.
Ford decided not to honor their warranty because the truck had been abused... Even though all the proper paper work was given to them of all the oil changes. The engineer would not accept that the oil and filter had in fact been changed. All this goes back to the engine.. Smoking and over heating from the beginning. Apparently the fix did not fix it. Any one else having problems with Ford over warranty issues? I guess they will have it towed back to my house.. (another $400 for towing) unless I let them fix it for $5,000 dollars, and there is no way unless the money falls down from the sky!
I have had my F-450 for a year and have had zero problems. I tow a trailer that weighs in at 11,000 lbs empty, and 24,000 + lbs loaded. It handles the loads easy, has plenty of power to keep it moving up big hills (Grape Vine, Pacheco Pass). The Tow Command system is incredible with seemless, smooth braking and downshifting to get you stopped in a hurry. This truck rides excellent, interior is beautiful and comfortable. The sound system is top notch. My fuel mileage started out low; about 7.5- 8.0 mpg towing and 9.5- 10 mpg empty. When I hit 15,000 miles the mileage took a jump to 9.5 mpg towing and 14 mpg empty (driving at 70 mph with 4.88 gears). Bottom line, I love this truck. 
14750 miles and 34 days in for repair - ABS problems, cooling problem, loss of power, light bulbs falling out, hub caps falling off, can only use 33 gallons max of the 38 gal tank, 5.1 MPG towing 10,000lbs, 80MPH max speed.. This vehicle has to be the worst I have ever had experience with. I used to put 100,000 mi/yr on F350s and if I was still towing like I was then I would be out of business. Now because of 5MPG towing and 8.5 empty, I can't afford to drive it. On top of it all, Ford will not stand behind it and I am out of luck..
In January of 08 I bought an F450 for hauling cars. The first thing I noticed was that I was getting around 6.6-5.0 mileage while towing! My best friend has 07 Dodge & a Chevy and he's getting around 8-10. The next thing is after putting 10,000 miles on it it's been in the shop 2 different times for egr values and a busted radiator! I have 4.10 gears in it I'm looking to swap them out for some 3.73's to get better mileage, if I can get the thing out of the shop!
I am a car hauler. my max weight is 20,000 lb. I have 19,000 (5 months ) miles on the truck with 3 week in the shop for repairs on the cooling system. It has been hard to do business with kind of preformance.
For the people that want a real truck this Ford F-450 is the one for you. The power this ford has is unbelievable, easy to drive, comfortable, you can sit in this truck for 14 hours and feel like you're ready to go again. Looks like a truck and drives like a car. I can haul a full load of horses in a live in trailer and not even know its behind me. For all you people that talk about the truck being too big buy a smaller one. 
I traded up from a 2000 F350 with 50,000 miles. The 08 F450 is a much better riding, and driving truck and the King Ranch package can't be beat. It definitely has more power then the 2000, and the suspension is amazing - I have a Lance 1181 camper that's 4000lbs dry weight in the bed and the truck hardly sits down with it on there. But here's the no! with only 5500 miles on the truck and easy hauling it has been in the shop for more than six weeks with transmission problems, over heating issues and now it's starting to chug and act "weird" intermittently. Boy, I hope I haven't just given up reliability for comfort!
Purchased my 2008 F450 on a Tuesday, had the 5th wheel installed on Wednesday and left for the Florida Keys on Friday with 450 miles on the truck. We pulled the 40 foot toy hauler with 3 Harleys in the back, estimated 18,500 pounds and had no problems running in the tow haul mode. Great truck, but it does like a gallon of fuel. We averaged around 7.3 MPG on the trip of about 3,000 miles. My truck has 4.88 gears and turns about 2500 RPM at 65 miles per hour. We ran with the cruise on 70 most of the time. the truck now has about 8,000 miles on it and we love the truck except the mileage. We get about 11.5 MPG around town.
Said I would never own a pickup. Seems to be a very very nice tow vehicle. Perhaps one of the very few that doesn't wear on you when travelling long distance. Fit and quality seem excllent. Brakes and wheels are awesome. Mileage is 12-13 around town, 15-16 on the interstate, and 10-12 when towing a 10,000lb Airstream. As long as you remember its intended purpose, you'll love the truck. I had zero problems so far, and have 7200 miles on it. I highly recommend this tow vehicle.
Most everything about the truck is great. However the engine makes strange noises, and Ford neglets to tell future owners the engine is goverened between 80 and 85 mph
After owning 4 GMT800 duallys and after researching the new GMT900 dually, I made the switch to Ford. Solid front axle, truck like dash, and heavy duty frame and components instead of GM's IFS were key to my decision. Not to mention a host of other nice features. GM's new lineup have left a lot of customers like myself out in the cold and they will switch to Ford like I did. This truck is solid, rides better than my '05 3500 4x4 GM dually. It gets more looks and thumbs up than my H2. I just have to get used to the solid front axle bump steer, unlike the bolted to the road GM IFS. To sum it up, if you want a commercial grade tow vehicle with Cadillac features, this truck is for you. 
Amazing Truck. Moved up from an '03 F-350 w/ v10 auto. Interior looks like something from a luxury car. Smooth ride, ultra quiet, motor has plenty of power to move this 8300 lb. truck. Yea it costs a pretty penny, but well worth it if you need a truck that will tow. Only buy this thing if you need to tow more than 8 tons, it's a luxury work truck and not a hybrid.
First impression...900 miles. For a very large pickup, drives and handles great. King Ranch package definitely worth it...very lush! Navigation system quite complex, but user friendly. Expect mileage to be 10-15 mpg, once broken in. Great performance while handling 15,000# trailer...awesome tires and brakes!
First few days of ownership. Overall fit and finish: excellent. Rides amazingly well even without load. Super-quiet, comfortable interior (King Ranch). Complicated, but very capable nav system. A dream to drive with great acceleration (for an 8700# truck), excellent cornering (incredible turn radius). Prefer over the Duramax GMC.
I am very happy with the purchase of my 2008 Focus SES except for 1 thing. It came with the Moon and Tune Package. But the treble on the radio fades in and out constantly. A mechanic rode with me and told me it's because my Sirius-capable radio is being interrupted by all the towers in the area and the only possible fix would be to renew my subscription. It drives me crazy. Does anyone else have this problem? Not sure I agree with him.
I bought the car new. At 33,000 miles I have replaced the tires, had several minor problems fixed, and as of today, I have my third transmission. After the repairs and frequent tows, I have contacted Ford. But, instead of helping, they congratulated me on buying the extended warranty. I have always owned Ford products, but after today and Ford's response to my lemon, I will not own another Ford once I can get rid of this one.
I love my Focus. I have had no issues with it yet. It has almost 24000 miles. I've taken it every 3000 to get the oil changed and got routine service done to it. I got up to 49 MPG hwy. From Louisville, KY to Morehead, KY I averaged 41 MPG. It's just like any other car- you have to take care of it. If you drive it aggressively, just with any car, there is more of a chance with something going wrong with it. I have had no problems and no complaints. I put maybe $20 in per week. I worked for a honda dealership and I would much rather drive a focus than a civic. Bottom line: good purchase. I am going to drive mine until it falls apart! I am very happy with ford. Buy American!
I love this car, but it is chewing up the tires. At 30,000 miles I put on a new set of tires. Now 12,000 miles later it appears I need to replace more tires. I have them rotated at every oil change. But I can now see obvious wear and it appears that the car is out of alignment, since it has a wicked shake at around 65 mph. Car is great but it is eating up the tires.
Little red jewel; leather seating; love it; 32 to 39 MPG never below 32; I'm 6 ft 300lbs; it rides great; been on 5 1000 mile trips; 2500 miles a week to work and back; lots of room for me the wife and our poodle; second set of tires no problems at all; better than Honda or Toyota's we have had; drive one before decide on a small car; did I mention it has more leg room than any other small car we looked at, and that is pretty much all of them...
I owned a 2001 Ford Focus ZX4 and was so impressed, I bought another one. The 01 handled like a slot-car while the 08 handles more like a rear wheel sports' car. The gas mileage in the 08 is quite a bit better than the 01. The fit and finish on both cars were good. Very impressed with SYNC. We have 2 cell phones and SYNC seamlessly works with both. The only thing I would change is the inside door handles on the coupe, which is in an awkward spot. Forget iPods - I have all my tunes in a thumb-drive and I can tell SYNC what to play, how cool is that?? 
first thing i noticed about the focus ses was the feeling of a solid built vehicle and then the peppiness of the 4 cyclinder motor. it is a looker, goes good at highway speeds. more fun to drive than my girlfriends crossfire, excellent little car with alot of good features. 
Biggest mistake I ever made, was buying a Ford Focus. Its used up 17 tires in 80000 km. 3 of the tires were legit, due to nails found. But the remaining were due to bad alignment, crappy suspension, and dust/dirt in rims. I will never buy a Ford product again. Also, the amount of dust that gets through the stripping around the doors is insane. My car is always filthy but I was told thats just a Ford Focus, its how they're made. Its fun to drive and good on gas, but its the biggest mistake I have ever purchased.
I have had this car for over a year and have had no problems. It is very fun to drive, and like most Ford's, it has a lot of power. Being a coupe there is still a lot of room for passengers and the trunk is huge. Small and easy to get in and out of parking spaces, especially good for college parking. Easy to control and steer. Great design inside and out. This model is much more appealing than the earlier and even later models. Overall a great buy and would not want anything else. 
I've put 32,000 miles on my 2008 Focus and have had zero problems. The Ipod, sat radio, and sync are really cool features for such a low cost sedan. All and all, you can't get a better more fun, cool car for the money.
What can I say? I've never really liked many of the Fords I've owned, but this one is an exception. Solid, quiet as a crypt, comfortable, excellent road manners, great MPG, Sync, Sirius, huge trunk.
For the price this is a great vehicle. My family needed a second vehicle that was good on gas because of ever rising fuel prices. This vehicle is good on fuel and runs wonderful. It even has sync for hands free tasks. Also see for yourself how big the trunk is.
I bought this for fuel mileage. I got 28.6 MPG on my first tank but I did a lot of coasting and slow acceleration The vast majority of my driving is in town. I haven't done any highway driving yet. It is my first ford and it is very comfortable to drive with a lot of pep for a 4 cylinder. I would leave a lot of room for passing though - Especially on a hill. I love the sync system. It has a volume control so I can hear well on the phone and others say they can hear me very well also. I would recommend this vehicle to anyone that does alot of driving. 
I love this car! I have only had it for one week and I am always looking for excuses to drive it. I got the SE with a 5 speed. The transmission is geared perfect and makes the car an absolute blast to drive. It handles great. It is comfortable and roomy even for me (I am 6'1"). The gas mileage has been great too! I average 37 or more on the highway and around 32 in town. Doesn't get much better than that! The car also has plenty of power. I can squeal the tires in 1st 2nd and 3rd gears. It is fast when you want it to be and gets great gas mileage when you take it easy.
I bought my Ford Focus back in March when it was first coming out with its new model. I already have 6000 miles on the car (mostly because we only take my car since its getting 45 miles on highway. I have had no problems with the car.
I drive 50/50 city and the highway, and I average 32 mpg after 2 months. It's quick and responsive for a 4 cylinder, and I love all the technology gadgets. Didn't think I'd love Sync or Sirius so much. It is nice and quiet so I can hear them both well. I tested small cars from Toyota and Honda, but both are uncomfortable cars for big and tall people (Toyota is terrible for long legs and Honda is terrible for head room). I can see my car from my office window, and to my surprise, this car turns a lot of heads. I think the leg room could still be better, but I'm glad I bought this car. 
I live in Calif so this car is almost polution free with the PZEV system, (grilling a burger produces more Hydro Carbons than a 100 mile trip) it may cut into the MPG but I am getting 31 combined in the LA area and 36 on a recent road trip along the california coast with varing speeds and hills and with stops in towns on the way. So I am really pleased with this fun to drive car. My business partner bought a Toyota Yaris as it gets 37-39 but on highway speeds the road noise is terrible and the stearing is by wire so it does not handle near as nice as the focus, and is very slow to get up and going compared to the focus, 1.5 vs. 2.0. for just a couple of mpg I will take the power any day
My 2008 SES ford Focus is the best. The only thing I did not get was the leather seats. The car is great on gas. I am getting 27 mile a gallon around town and 32 highway can't complain about that with today's gas prices. I tested many other cars but keep coming back to the Focus. It's got the get up and go I was looking for. Would tell anyone looking to buy "it's a great car". Thank you Ford.
Hard to tell just yet owned it one week then could not drive it for a week because of a bad wheel bearing at 600 miles. 1,200 miles now averaging 36+ mpg without having been on highway yet. Drives nice with 5 speed and sunroof open through PA mountains. The Vista Blue looks awesome with the black interior and just enough chrome. 
This car is fun to drive, looks good and gets great gas mileage. If you?re looking for a great commuter or an efficient family car this is a good choice. My best mileage so far is 38.2 on my 30 mile drive to work.
Nice styling, great ride, comfortable for 4 adults, great built in features, better mileage than advertised we get with the 4 Speed Automatic, 47MPG on Highway!!... Handles very well and quiet even in noisy conditions. Features like Sirius Satellite Radio and Sync really complete this as a great car to drive on any length trip. 
Like everyone else, gas prices pushed me towards an econmical vehicle. I drove the Honda Fit, Hyundai Accent and Chevy Cobalt. For the what you get for the money, Focus wins easily. I have the Automatic SES. The suspension on this car makes it fun to drive. It doesn't lean much through the turns and provides a comfortable ride. I'm still on my first tank of gas and the computer is reporting 35mpg of mixed driving! 
I've put about 1,000 miles on my '08 Focus and I've loved everyone. When I purchased this car I was also looking at a Nissan Sentra Spec-V, a Mazda3, a Chevy Colbalt, a Toyota Corolla and a Dodge Caliber R/T. Although some of the vehicles had more hp and some were dressed a little nicer none of them had better fuel milage, a better price tag, or an overall total package like the Focus. If you're in the market for a fun, zippy, nice looking, little sports car then look no further than the 2 door Focus SES. 
I purchased the Ford Focus 4 door se sedan. I have to say Wow. I have parked my 2500 Dodge Ram that cost $280 a week to fill. I am getting 41.9 miles to the gal. driving 35 miles each way to work and home. I simply wanted a throw away car with decent mileage. I called the dealership had them fax me a price over and bought it with out test driving or looking at it. when I went to pick it up I was totaly surprised I did not know they had redone the car. I have the vapor siver color and black interior. First thing I did was had the windows tinted all but the front and the car looks awsome. I removed the Focus and dealer sticker off the back. I love this car
This was the first car I test drove in my search for a low mileage car. Liked it from the start. Tried almost all other cars in its class, almost bought a couple of different ones then decided to go back and test the Focus to see where it stood. Loved it. Best car for the price. As long as it stays this way I will be extremely happy. Everyone loves the look of it. 
This is a great little car. I never really considered a Ford Focus, but with gas prices going up and up, I decided to test drive one and loved it. I got a black 2 door coupe SES with black cloth and everything besides a roof. The interior design is very nice for a $17,000 car. The white gauges with indigo blue looks nice at night. The car handles very well and the dash is set up nicely. I currently have about 500 miles on the car and am averaging about 26 mpg with mostly city driving, it should get better when the car is broken in more.
I love my new Focus. The ride is smooth and the leather smells heavenly every morning. After leaving a mid-size SUV I was afraid of missing the power and room but the Focus has ample power and tons of front leg room for me to reach out with my long legs. The trunk is very large and holds more than enough shopping and luggage for most. The back seat is small and would be good for small children. I am usually the only one in the car but the kids fit just fine when we get out together. I am thrilled with the 5 options for music. USB,MPG or I-pod, radio, 6 CD changer, and the best, Sirius. The car looks better tinted and I recommend purchasing aftermarket door edge gaurds. Happy trails!
I bought this car after I put $120 of gas in my truck and said enough is enough. The car has met all my expectations that I had for the small car. I'm 6'2" and I recently took a day trip and it wasn't bad but I believe it wasn't built for me. I paid $13,650 drive out with no trade-in. I believe buying cars at the end of the month is best. This is my sixth new Ford I have purchased since 1976 and I will continue to by their products. I have checked two tanks fulls of gas for mpg and I have gotten over 33 mpg from both tanks. It's probably 75% highway and 25% around town.
OK for one my family has owned Fords for a long time and I think they are some of the best cars made. I test drove 15 cars before I test drove my Ford Focus and I fell in love. I do have some stuff to say. The head liner isn't cheap it is a safety thing the side airbags come out of the whole top so thats why it looks cheap. Next the side vents to do stuff if you set them right they help remist/defog ur window and also its ment to blow on your arm not face that's what the two center one is for. Some bad things about the car are minor though there is no trunk release inside the car and the trunk liner does not stick to the floor if you put and heavy items in it over all the car is great
We just returned from a 4200 mile road trip with mpg as high as 43 as low as 37mpg with 3 people & luggage. (Did you know that the speed limit on Interstate 10 is 80mph in Texas?) This car met all objectives, mpgs, comfort, price and not bad to look at. Fun to drive with manual trans.1st choice was a Toyota Corolla, but for $3k less, the Ford Focus feels really smart. 
I have driven SUV's for the past 9 years. With the rising prices of gas I thought i'd entertain the idea of a car. The 2008 Focus looks good and gets awesome gas mileage. I originally looked at the SE model with ABS and traction control. My local dealer showed me that the SES is the same price after adding options to an SE. SYNC is incredible. Don't think I could live without it now.
I love my new car! We were looking for a lower-cost, fuel efficient vehicle that still offered leg room, fun extras, and a nice exterior. Great car; handles very well, even in West- Texas winds. Have only owned it for about a month, but have really enjoyed driving it. 
This car looks good. It's a five speed which is fun to drive. I've always driven an automatic. The cruise works great. Handling is good. I've only got about 300 miles on the car and I get about 23-25mpg city and in town mixed w/air on. Mileage probably get better when it gets broken in better.
I just bought my little Ford Focus and am so happy. I used to drive a Honda Accord Coupe and have to say I love the Focus more. I get an average of 29 city miles and well not sure yet what I will get on highway. I used to own a Ford Escort long time ago and swore I would never buy another Ford. Well they have proven me wrong. I am very happy with my selection. And have a ball driving to work.
Decided to do the green thing and shopped all cars in this class. The Focus seemed best. I have to admit the sync system was intriguing. My mileage has been great. With wind, 55 mph: 44.5 mpg. Against wind, 70 mph: 35.6 mpg. No wind, 80 mph: 29.8 mpg. No wind, 60 mph: 37.1. Look, it's not a glamorous car but I got the leather seats and are they worth it. I went from a Suburban to the Focus. Wow. I love a 10 gallon fill. Hats off to Ford for building a great little car.
I could not be happier with my new Focus! It's comfortable, safe, fun to drive, and has pretty good mileage for a non-hybrid. I got the Vermilion Red, and it really stands out. With the incentives offered by Ford, you just can't go wrong with everything you get for the price. The incentives allowed me to upgrade to the SES model. The Sync system is great for the inevitable day when we have a hands-free cell phone law. 
It lacks the ergonomic perfection of the Civic, the driving dynamics of the 3, and the eternity and a half warranty of the Elantra, yet the Focus brings to the compact table a truly unique set of attributes.It has an amazing set of features (bluetooth, usb, sirius etc), great steering, mid-size ride comfort, a vault like chassis, and admirable fuel economy. On the debit side, the taller than average ride height limits its toss-ability through curves, and the interior could use fewer expanses of silver plastic. All told, with the benefit of 3500 in factory incentives, the Focus presents an overall value and feature set unique to the market. Thumbs up Ford. 
I have a SES model with auto and sirius red with black interior. I did my research and if you compare to Fit, Yaris, Aveo it is better deal with the standard options it has including the rebate. Some magazines pick on the headrests (who cares) optional blue lighting (can't find one) and grab bars (who cares I am driving and have steering wheel). I have SYNC with satellite and the hands free phone and music is great! So far getting about 31 mpg with mixed city/highway driving according to computer. Focus is much improved from 2007 model like brakes,6 air bags,engine, MPG, SYNC, TPM system and fit and finish. 
Bought the 2008 Focus for the price and gas mileage. I am still on first tank and the mpg keeps climing. Can I believe this? Sometimes for long stretches it says I am at 55MPG. Usually goes to 43 or so. Only when I am going slow or accelerating fast does it drop. Could this be true? I have driven it 3 days now and my gas gauge as barely budged! Other than that the car is OK nothing exciting. Black window trim came loose before I got it home. I had to snap it back in myself!
Going into my new car search I was almost certain I was going to get a Chevy Cobalt. I decided to test drive the Focus just so that I could get a quote and use that to lower the price of a Cobalt when I visited the Chevy dealer. But as soon as I began to test out the SYNC system I fell in love. That thing works so well I am blown away by it. Not much room in the back for passengers, but that's to be expected. All in all, assuming it stays reliable, I'd say this is an incredible car with a great price 
I traded in our Ford Taurus for the new Focus. I love how easy the car is to drive and you can't beat the price. I got the car loaded and just love all the features. I owned a 2000 Focus and had just traded it in for a Caravan. Never had any real trouble with that one except for all the recalls, but they fixed everything at no cost. This car rides smooth even over the bumpiest roads, the sound system is great and the gas mileage is incredible. Very quiet car, lots of interior room and a huge trunk. Highly recommend.
One word sums up my Focus, surprised! I was set on not buying a Ford. Reading the reviews my heart was on a Corolla, Civic or Mazda 3. However after all my research and actually test-driving I can honestly say I'm very impressed w/ my Focus. Quiet, great handling, good mileage and solid. Power isn't impressive, but more then adequate (if you're looking for power get out of this car class). Lots of car for the money!
Let me start off by saying I had a 2007 Ford Focus and put 23,000 miles on it and thought it was a great car. Then the 2008 Focus came out, test drove it and it was mine. This car drives very well, and a noticeable difference from 07 to 08 in both performance and handling. You also sit high up in the seat, and have great viewing angles. Another noticeable difference in the 08 is that its very quiet. Highway speeds of about 70-75 the car has barley any road noise. All in all this car feels like a much more expensive car when driving and looks really great too. I would definitely recommend a test drive!
I compared the Civic, Corolla and the Focus. Drove all three and the Ford was quieter, more comfortable and offered more standard features for less price. it was the only car that offered traction control, and ABS brakes. The new body style, though not as sleek as the Civic nor refined as the Corolla was a great improvement over the 07 model and that it was the deciding factor. I would have paid 3K more of the Honda or Toyota. The sync is neat (I don't own an ipod yet) but the bluetooth is a true safety feature. I trade the cheap compressor and bottle of green slime for a spacesaver spare since my last three blowouts were on the sidewall and no slime will fix that!
SE Sedan 5-speed M. with ABS and Speed Control. My wife and I seriously considered the Civic and Mazda3...but then opted for the Focus at $4000 less. We tested vehicles at all levels (S/SE/SES), 2 & 4 doors and both transmissions. We selected the 5-speed SE due to the options plus the 5-speed really performs the best (it gets this light vehicle up to speed, very quickly and smoothly). It is what it is - a simple, $16,000 compact that is loaded with features, quiet, comfortable, that handles and performs well and is very fuel efficient. 32 MPG in city and 48 MPH on the highway (with cruise on) per our on-board computer. The vehicle has tight panel seams and great build quality. And fun!
I have the SE model with automatic antilock brakes traction control and upgraded 6cd sound system. Color is silver vapor metallic with charcoal interior. This car is built like a bank vault no squeaks or rattles and is according to the computer getting 35.4 miles per gallon on the first tank of fuel. This new model is much quieter and rides better than the previous year, overall a much improved vehicle. I did a lot of research before buying my new car and I would like to suggest if you are in the market for fuel efficient car that you give one a test drive. I think you will surprised by the new Focus.
This car is fantastic. I purchased this car on 04/26/2008 and I absolutely love it. The Sync system is absolutely a must. I asked if the Sync model could be installed after the fact and they stated no that it was a factory install so for the extra $400 I got a Focus that had it. The fuel mileage is incredible, I am getting about 30 miles to the gallon city, and 35 miles to the gallon highway. The Focus handles great at highway speeds and in town around corners. I traded in a gas hogging 2007 Ford Escape XLT and I am so glad I did.
Noisy on road irregularities. Fuel economy is less than promised. Handles badly in wind. Handling is not good in general.
After 9 years of selling fords I finally bought one for myself to drive to work everyday. My wife has 2 of our products, the oppurtunity has just not come around for me. This car blows me away in quality, quietness, and value. I love the manual tranny. It is twice the car I expected it to be. Very low maintenance. Pay attention to the lack of timing belt. I bought a base car because I dont need the frills. A huge improvement over the prior model, although those have been very very good since 2005.
I think this car has more going for it than any compact car out there. The drivers seat is very comfortable and for the first time in my life I have a new car with no rattles or squeeks. The handling is great, passive rear wheel steering is obviously designed into this vehicle rear suspension giving it cornering ability and traction that I have only experienced in more expensive cars. The engine is very quiet at any speed and accelerates with vigor although passing can be a little taxing on the 2.0. Transmission shifts are perfect with no hunting between gears. Sync, all I can say is that Ford and Microsoft, two companies that sometimes deservingly get a hard time from consumers have a hit! 
I bought this car about three weeks ago and so far I am very impressed. The Focus is a very responsive, quiet, comfortable and fun to drive car. I test drove a Nissan Sentra 2.0 and a Toyota Corolla Ce and neither were as good as the Focus. It is a small car so obviously fuel economy is great. I am an 18 year old car enthusiast and can tell you that this car is a lot of bang for the buck. I have also noticed that the quality of the interior compared to my buddy's old Focus is much improved. I highly recommend this car to any young buyer who is looking for a fun and affordable small car
I have been driving my Focus for about three weeks now and must say that this is a great car. This car is very responsive, comfortable, quiet and fun to drive. I am 18 years old and a car enthusiast. For the money the Focus is a lot of bang for the buck. I test drove a Nissan Sentra 2.0 and a Toyota Corolla CE but wasn't impressed at how exciting the cars were compared to the Focus. Fuel economy is obviously great because this is a small car. I didn't get the sync system because I do not even have an ipod but I hear that it's a great feature. I would highly recommend this car to other young drivers who need a fun and affordable small car. 
When I test drove my Focus I was surprised at how well it drove. It accelerates well and the automatic transmission is one of the smoothest I've ever felt. I drove a Mazda 3 automatic and the downshift was quite abrupt. The Focus downshift is controlled and smooth. Also, this car handles curves excellently. You can keep pushing the throttle on a curve and the car stays on it without body roll. Because of the performance, options and rebate I think it was a good purchase. If you are looking for an inexpensive, fuel efficient, zippy and solid vehicle I recommend this car.
I love my new car! I am quite the features addict and everything about this car rocks my world. This ain't your mama's Ford! Give one a test drive and you'll see what everyone else sees. One great little car. I am a former owner of a New Beetle/Turbo and I am not disappointed with the power that this vehicle displays. I was worried about no giddyup, but I worried unneedlessly.
My family always bought Fords until the mid 1980s. Then as we noticed quality was falling we migrated to Hondas and we do still like them. That said we did much research on acquiring a new small comfortable fuel efficient car. We looked at Honda, Toyota, Nissan, etc. The Ford Focus stood out and I have to admit I am really happy. I never understood how we Americans could not build a car as good as the Germans or Japanese. The Sync system is fantastic and promotes safety. Fuel economy is great and the car seems well built. 
I have owned this car since 1/1 and had nothing but problems with the front suspension. This car has very weak front springs especially the right side bottoms out with every bump in the road, inclined driveways forget about it. The front underside has taken a beating with such a weak suspension. Has been in the shop numerous times but to no avail(so far). Dealership has replaced front strut, aligned it and reposition a strut also to rid itself of a loud popping noise on the left front side. Will go back in the shop next week. Springs are so weak I can compress them with a single hand Fuel mileage I find above average, great dash and readouts, comfortable seats(do not spill on them).
WRT fuel efficiency: On my 3rd tank averaged 39mpg ( by miles/gallons to refill) on mostly town/rural roads. Best trip was about 40 miles distance, 2/3 of it on Interstate 95, getting 45mpg. Understand, I drive very conservatively, trying to keep tach below 2k. On the interstate it's 55- 62 mph. I watch the average mpg very carefully, resetting on each trip to maintain sensitivity to moment to moment driving behaviors. Accelerate very gradually. As warm weather comes in, mpg has improved on the shorter trips. If I am in the least bit of a hurry, gas efficiency drops 20% - without fail. BTW, I have the automatic transmission.
We are big "researchers" when making a car purchase. We looked at all the compact cars on the market in terms of price, reliability, styling, etc. For the money, the Focus was the best. It is fun to drive, nice styling, roomy, and so far, very reliable. Also good gas mileage.
I was driving a big Honda Odyssey and getting 18MPG all around driving. I am getting a little over 30MPG on this new Focus and I love the way it handles. Where you turn the wheel is where it goes, great little car from Ford and just a couple little add ons would be nice. I miss the garage door opener in the visor & the automatic temp control, otherwise great care.
I like this car, great gas mileage, fun to drive, basic but really nice interior. Very good suspension takes corners and bump really smooth. When I first got the car I drove everywhere for the weekend and still had a half of tank left. The radio control is nice, also says the name of the song artist for cds, and very good sound quality for the aux line in. Love this car
I just downsized because I travel via hwy extensively and wanted less car expense each month. After too much research, I landed in this Focus and love it! In some of the other downsized cars I test drove, I felt downsized. I wanted to save money, but not comfort. With the Focus SES, I am saving money and have most of the comforts of my previous car plus Sync and Sirius. I love it and would recommend it to anyone.
I drive 500 miles each week to work, with high gas prices I needed to get a more mielage friendly vehicle. I looked at; sat in and drove VW's, Honda, Hundai, KIA, Toyotas, Chevy, Dodge, Nissan. I'm not a little person 300 lbs. 6 ft. (maybe a little round; 61 don't bend like I used to) I don't fit in many small cars, that's why I had an Explorer. We stopped to check out the Focus wow! I had no Idea! It's roomy, very classy, leather, has power, great price, lots of extras, and looks great! It has cut my gas bill in half! Mileage around town 31.5MPG! 35 to 37MPG on the hiway! Hooks up to my cell for hands free phone use; 4 weeks now fantastic
We recently had to buy a new car for my wife to drive to work - about 50 miles per day, round trip. Due to Ford incentives I saved $2500 off sticker I paid $13,733 for an S version with automatic, ABS with traction control and, if you can believe this, a spare tire ($60.00). The sticker was $16,255. One savings was a $1000 "Conquest Rebate". That's given to people who own cars from competing brands. We own an 06 Corolla so we got it. Toyota had basically no incentives and a comparably equipped Corolla was going to cost me more like $15,900. A comparably equipped Civic was going to cost more than the Corolla. 
First off I have been a Toyota master tech for 8 years. I drive cars all day long and I must say I drove the 2008 Ford Focus and was totally amazed at how quiet, great handling, steering and smooth shifting. I bought this car due to having the best of everything, tons of options not even offered from Toyota better price (even with my discount). The car has the same technology under the hood as a Toyota and beats it hands down. Thanks Ford, great job!
I am absolutely in love with this car! It's adorable and fun to drive. Handles great on small, curvy roads. Grabs a lot of attention from other drivers. Gas mileage has been improving since I bought the car (with only 42 miles on it.) It's up to an average of 25 mpg. Features and add ons are fun. Audiophile sound system sounds sweet and precise. Ambient lights add a little extra to the somewhat bland interior. I love the moonroof. Also, back seats are extremely roomy and comforable for a small coupe. Huge trunk space even with a subwoofer!
I purchaced my Focus to drive to work. I drive over 100 miles a day so I needed a car that got over 30 mpg. I have had the car back to Ford five times now for it pulling left. I am very disipointed that for 17k I can not get a car that will drive straight. The problem has still not been repaired. If you are looking to buy a 2008 Focus I would take one long test drive before making a purchace. 
Ford did a fabulous job at remaking the Focus. I never thought I would buy a Ford, but this car is amazing. This car has great pickup and is not sluggish like some other cars I test drove on the freeway. Several of my friends are considering trading in their foreign cars for a brand new focus. The SE model has tons of features for an incredibly low price. I am so glad that I don't have to sacrifice style and comfort for a low price point.
After 2500 miles,this car is in the top 5 of cars I have owned. I have owned dozens. Surprisingly quick and agile. Factory specs say 0-60 in 8 seconds. That is not bad acceleration for getting about town and into traffic. The car will exceed the posted speed limits anywhere I have driven on mountain highways in Colorado. Drivers seat and driving position is very comfortable (I am 6'2"), although my 5'5" female passenger seat occupant thinks the center of the back of that seat is uncomfortable. I didn't get the bluetooth/synch option but the auxiliary input jack is very handy for portable audio and XM users
1st new car in 20 years. Good gas mileage without having to get a hybrid. Like the stadium seatting for the back seat. Roomy trunk for a small car. 
I am very glad I chose this car. I am a bells an whistles girl, and this car has it all. From the sync to the ambient lights to the moonroof, this is an awesome ride. Handles very nice on the icy Alaskan roads. I bought this car in January, and the gas mileage was a tad dissapointing in the cold temperatures (-40, about 18 mpg) but it has improved sice we warmed up to 40 above.
This car is great on gas. I'm getting 34-35 MPG drive both city and highway. I drive 36 miles one way to work 6 days a week. It also has a good sound system in it. 
All things considered just a nice little car. It's easy on the eyes and on fuel, double what I got in my 1999 F-150.That's not a big surprise, but the handling is. It's much better then most of the imports in its price range and better equipped. I have not driven a car on a regular basis for more than 15 years, it reminds me of my 6 cylinder Mustang (1965) but with pick- up and way better handling. 30 mpg so far in mix of highway and city driving and no trouble keeping up with traffic or passing at 70 mph. Ya-hoo, fun and furgle. Let's see if it's as bullet proof as all my Ford trucks.
All I can say is wow! Ford has finally done it, they have just built a great car. Gas mileage is great I get an average 35 mpg combined driving. Minimum road noise smooth ride and great handling. Engine is quite peppy for a four cyl and I have no problem passing other cars. If you are looking for a new car buy this one and forget about the imports. Way to go Ford.
I have had my Focus for about six weeks and already have over 3000 miles. I am very happy with the decision to purchase this car. Fuel mileage is over the Ford rating and at times is bumping the 41+ mpg and is a fun car to drive. Great car by Ford for the money it can not be beat. I looked at the Honda Civic, Toyota Corolla, and Nissan Sentra prior to buying the Focus. 
I love this car. The concern I had about power vanished on the drive home when it easily went up the long steep hills coming into town. Merging into high-speed interstate traffic is a breeze. It's full of pep and handles great. Fun to drive. It shifts quietly. The seats sit high, unlike my previous car where I felt as if I were sitting in a hole. After only 600 miles, I'm getting about 29 MPG, and it continues to rise. The interior lights at night are well designed and very attractive. I love the functions on the odometer, such as estimated miles to empty & estimated MPG. The car is very pretty, from the pin stripes on the side to the chrome inserts on front panel. It's a great little car!
I test drove an 08 Sentra, an 08 Civic twice, and I rented a Corolla for a couple of days. I test drove the Focus twice and I liked it a lot more than the other cars I drove. I did a ton of research before getting this. I actually traded an 07 Toyota Avalon for this car and it was a great decision. The Avalon was in for rattles twice and still had rattles, and it was in the shop for several days over 2 visits with oxygen sensor issues. Now I'm saving money on gas, insurance, and I actually like my car again. Nice ride, fun to drive, and great stereo.
Handling, gas mileage, ease of oil changes (oil filter and drain are directly under the engine so oil goes right in the drain pan). The 100,000 service intervals (chain cam drive, not expensive to replace belts) are nice. A very quiet stable ride, excellent engine noises (revs well and sounds good doing it) and generally pleasing looks inside and out won us over the others cars we reviewed. The five-speed transmission gets good marks and surprisingly, the auto version feels spritly, too. With the highest torque (136 ft-LB) at the lowest RPM (4250RPM) and almost the highest HP (140) at the lowest RPM (6000RPM) this engine matches to an auto better than the rest, too. 
This is first car I bought in 22 years and I love it. The seats are more comfortable than the Madza3 and Nissan Versa that I test drove. It handles great on country roads..no road noise. Suspension is smooth on rough roads. Gas mileage is god sent averaging 29-31 around town. Leather seats are great. Trunk is big with fold down backseat to increase hauling space. SYNC is great. Can't say enough good things about it and Ford for finally getting it right in the compact car area. Improved safety ratings all around 4 stars.
My Focus handles great, has great power and I am getting 34mpg on the freeway at 65 mph. This little car is actually fun to drive. I have over 5000 miles in the first 5 weeks and have not had any problems I am 53 years young and considered this car for the economy. My F350 King Ranch has all the comfort I need but the fuel costs of 140 miles a day commute was killing me 
Pure enjoyment and cost savings at the pump during these expensive times behind the wheel. With extra cash at the end of the month this car is a win-win situation. Very rare these days with all the blah, blah hype in the auto industry. This ride is honest and realistic in our current economy today. The faster you go the more fuel you'll need. But fast is what it likes best.
Only had it a month. Mileage in mixed driving is 32 mpg. I got the Deluxe package which provides for better handling. Amazed at the standard equipment on such an economy car. Car is comfortable and roomy and I like it much better than most of the others in its class. It drives similarly to the VW Golf we rented in England a few years back. Don't care for the Pirelli P6 tires as we live where it gets cold and the traction in snow and ice is less than desirable.
If this the car that Ford is betting on for the future of its company, it's off to a great start. In my 30 years of driving, I've never owned a Ford. it was the best choice I could have made for my first Ford purchase. The handling, the style, the comfort, have made it a complete package worthy of calling it a Ford. Old Henry Ford would be proud of it. I've had nothing but praises by peple that have rode in it and those that look at it. I'm proud of what our American car companies can do when they set thier minds to it. Ford is really focused on building a quality product. Keep up the good work. I love my car.
From the smooth quite ride, to the surprisingly athletic styling, to the exceptional power the Ford Focus does everything right. I was concerned with downgrading the size and power of my engine, so much so that I initially never thought of looking at the Focus. But the test drive up one of the steepest hills in my area proved that the power and acceleration I would need was present. Ford is years ahead of Honda with this car. SYNC is absolutely amazing and will be a major "deal breaker" in all future car purchase.
I only had this car for a little while but I can tell you it is right up there with the the Japanese brands. The retuned suspension is great, the ride is smooth,the interior is quiet except for a little road noise which is expected in a compact car. It handles great. Fuel economy is pretty good also. I would recommend this car over the Toyota Corolla. I test drove the Corolla and it had much more road noise and a ride that isn't as smooth as the Focus. I would highly recommend this car to anybody.
I just bought the Focus SES 4 Door, I love this car. I am a late 30's something female, and my 15 year old thinks this is the coolest car. I have had my share of muscle cars (Mustang Gt, Chevy Corvette), but I tell you this, dollar for dollar nothing beats this car. The handling is tight, the pep at take off is impressive. Like some of the other reviews, I too get looks like "what is that car". To make the ride fun get it tricked out!
This car is great! I drive 100 miles a day mostly highway and have been getting 35+ mpg. Very fun to drive, with a well thought out interior. Handles very well. 
This car totally rocks. For less then 18k I have Bluetooth for the phone and the best voice recognition system on the market. The USB port that takes darn-near every media player- without a special cable (you use your normal USB)is outstanding. It even plays songs off of a thumbdrive if you dont have a Zune or ipod! It is very snappy around town, and fine on the highway- the seats are very high and the headroom is remarkable. 
I drive 30 miles each way to work and needed a fuel efficient car. The Focus is a pleasure to drive. The driver's seat is very comfortable and the only comfort I would wish for is a telescoping steering wheel. After 4 tanks of gas I am getting 31.2 mpg in mixed driving which is about 60 percent highway. Handling is delightful with responsive steering and agile cornering. I got the SYNC system and boy am I pleased. Nothing like a USB port in the dash that allows you can plug an 8 gig memory stick full of music. Between the memory stick, Sirius Radio and CD stacker I will never suffer for lack of entertainment. So far no defects or immediate fix items. Very happy Focus owner.
Haven't had the SES to long but I am impressed with the quality and ride. The leather seats are very coomfortable and ride nicely. Transmission shifts at the right speeds and times, suspension is tight but not too tight and sterring is responsive. 
I love this car! I got it at the beginning of the month and it is such a great ride! Fun, agile and responsive! Looks to die for and incredible gas mileage (26 city/37.8 hwy and it's an automatic) I'm so proud of my first brand new car!
I'm getting 38.8 ave mpg! Wow this is more than I had hoped for. The car is quiet and has a nice ride but its not a town car by no means. All the features are easy to use. Cruise works better going up hill than down on my 5 speed, it let it get about 5 mph faster down hill. We got a small amount of snow yesterday but it wasn't enough to test the traction control. The heater heats up quickly and has it very hot inside the car in about 20 minutes. The ABS stops the car quickly.
Some may think I "downgraded" to the Focus from my fully-loaded 2005 Five Hundred Limited, but I love this car like no other. It handles like a sportscar, the mileage is fantastic (I commute 450 mi./week), and it's just fun! I took 4 friends shopping this weekend and while it was a bit of a tight fit in the backseat, we were fairly comfortable and the trunk was large enough for all our purchases. My husband can't wait for me to get sick of it so he can drive it more often; that won't happen any time soon! I would recommend the Focus to anyone looking for an economical, sporty little car. For all the features at these prices (not to mention the current incentives), you can't go wrong.
So far the car has been a blast to drive. The 5 speed manual trans is smooth and the clutch is very responsive. road noise is a thing of the past so far, and I love the responsivness of the suspension and steering.
This little car is a luxury car without the price. I call it my dreamboat car. It rides quiet and solid, standard transmission shifts smooth as butter, and I'm getting 38 mpg even without being on any interstate. Amazing improvements from my 2005 Focus--there is no comparison!
This is one of the best cars I have ever had. I've had Hondas, Ford, Isuzu, Nissan, Volvo, GM, Toyota The build quality is exceptional, it is very quiet, the transmission (auto) doesn't hunt for the right gear it seems to just know at the right time to down or upshift. Traction control is very good, the Active Sync is fantastic, the heated seats very good, seating position very good. The ride is pretty good, a little firm ,but I like it a little sporty.
First let me say, this car looks good, inside and out. The engine is very zippy, the shifting is very smooth (I have the automatic), interior is quiet, seats comfy, steering is responsive, steering wheel is great, and dash layout is clean. Interior is not bland in my version.I love that there are no cubby holes in the dash and everything is smooth and metallic looking. This translates to no dust or dirt getting stuck in corners, on buttons, or dark spaces which is a plus I believe. Radio gets bad reception? Not mine, I have satellite radio that came with it, and yes.. the same small radio antennae. Maybe you should check wattage on radio stations you choose, mine picks up radio from France.
An incredibly fun economy car. Good styling inside & out. Economy with a luxury feel. I love my car!
I swore off small cars for 25 years after driving a Ford Escort in the 80's. I went back after gas prices went up to $3/gallon. After driving a Focus for 2 weeks I discovered this car is a lot of fun to drive. Handling is great, performance good and exhaust is tuned to sound "throaty" when accelerating. SYNC feature, heated leather seats and ambient lighting enhance the experience. After driving a small suv that averaged 16 mpg, filling up the Focus is a lot easier on my wallet. I normally drive 125 miles per week. After the first 2 weeks, I am up to 500 miles because I enjoy the ride so much.
I really really like this car but there are a couple of things I found I'm not to big of a fan of. This being on mine it didnt come standard with tilt even thought mentioned in owners manual And also it did not come with the silver emblems on the outside as ever other Focus did. But as for the rest of the car the inside flows very very well and the outside looks very sharp. And still has some horsepower to boot.
For the price and the discounts you get, this is the best buy in 2008 period. The cabin is super quiet, even when shifting gears(can barely hear the engine) and the shifting is smooth as butter. It handles awesome, the ride is very soft, has plenty of power, the seats are very comfortable, the Microsoft SYNC is just perfect. I have the Audiophile system and music sounds awesome with the built in Subwoofer. Ambient lighting is great as well. Do yourself a favor. If you want to get a high quality inexpensive car, this is the one! Plus, the gas mileage is great. I am very happy with this car. Can't believe how quiet and smooth it is....Awesomeness!
My third Focus. Liked the other two, love this one so far. Extremely quiet compared to the others. Smooth shifting automatic. Upholstery much improved. Fit and finish excellent so far. I've rented a Fusion while traveling, and this has many of the same atributes, but has a tighter (better) steering radius. Really impressed so far. 
 I am completly satisfied with this car so far. I have only driven 430 miles but I love the way the car handles. I got the base model with the 5 speed maual transmission. I filled up at 400mi so the mpg is as advertized. I love the stlying and have had several compliments. I feel good driving this car. I needed an economical car that fit my budget and this was it! 
 I traded in my 1999 Chevy Blazer, it was a big change going to a Focus, but I wanted a new car that didn't want to stop at every gas station ! Handles very nice & has great pick up speed. I've only had it 1 week & already put 300 miles on it. One thing I didn't notice until it was too late is there is no interior light for the back seat. I have a toddler & it's pretty dark in the mornings when I leave for work & dark once again when I get home, so it's hard to see to get him in & out, but it's something we'll have to deal with. Other than that it's been a great little car so far.
I did lots of research before buying my first vehicle and I found the Focus to be the best bang for my buck. My main interests in the Focus were the great exterior and interior looks along with the great gas mileage. I considered the Maza3, the Hyundai Elantra and the Mitsubishi Lancer, and I am very pleased I chose the Focus. I chose the SES trim with traction control.
I was originally interested in the Fusion but dragged my feet a while. Now I am glad I did when the 08 focus came out I saved a lot. The Focus sync system is very cool I have an MP3 player and it works even without batteries in it. I do not have a blue tooth phone but a friend does and we tested it out with his also very nice. If I ever get a Bluetooth it will be a really nice feature. The looks are fun and the ride is great. Very quit overall I was very impressed! I test a Cobalt Corolla and Civic after I decide to go with this class of car. I really thought the Focus won hands down. 
This little car is more than what I expected for the cost. I would have to say it moves nicely and does not have any issues getting around for a little 2.0 liter. I am happy to lower my payments as this is a great car for the money, I would choose it over a Honda civic any day of the week. Our other car is a 06? Honda Accord and the Focus is quieter than my fully loaded V6 Accord. The interior is clean and well thought out as the controls with the satellite radio and sync take a little getting used to. I will have to say that ?The Sync is far superior to the i-control of the BMW 5 series and the Honda Accord that I own.? This is a gas saver and a great commuter car and garage others 
This car is my company car. It has ABS and traction control, as well as Sync. The radio is disappointing - It fades in and out, like the digital receiver isn't always picking up those Fm stations clearly. No static, just high quality sound to all of a sudden poor quality sound. The exterior is not attractive. I've heard "at least this is better than before." I disagree. I think the old Focus was quite attractive, and Ford should have totally reengineered it (i.e., the new Euro Focus) rather than reskin this one - it just isn't up to par. That being said, I love the traction control; it's very reassuring while driving in snow. The interior is functional and attractive, w/ nice lighting.
This review refers only to the base coupe S model. I bought a 2 door with a 5 speed manual transmission, so bear that in mind as you read further. Also keep in mind this is an economy car. If you want high performance look elswhere. Ford quality is way up these last many years. My base model with manual transmission has plenty of power and a nice tight suspension for a gas sipper. 2008 models have totally new exterior styling from the earlier Foci, and in my opinion are much better looking. Interior controls are simple, without silly frills. Dashboard gauge design is boring. The trunk space is huge, and the rear seats can be folded down. Incredibly quiet and solid.
The interior is quite nice. The cloth seats are comfortable and the dash layout is uncluttered and easy to use. The radio controls have nice tactile feedback. The engine is peppy and unlike some other sedans in this class, the Focus doesn't feel underpowered merging or passing on the freeway. No regrets in first few months after purchase so far.
Better than expected. the 5 speed is a delight to drive, clean shifting, >30 mpg already (<1000mi) on ~75% highway/25%city driving. I find the exterior fresh - it makes me smile to see it in the parking lot. The interior is pleasant & modern. Quiet drive (unlike '07). SES comes with electrochromic mirror and trip calculator (mpg, mi to mt, fuel effeciency...). Brand new so reliability rating hopeful (good warranty). Definitely worth checking out!
I have grown up on Fords. My first car was a Chevy-had it for 9 months and switched to my Focus no questions asked. This car feels solid. I can take corners like there is nothing to it. Drives easily. Comfortable on the inside, beautiful outside. This is a car I will drive until the day it dies...then I'll go get a new one. I love this car. I have never felt safer while driving. Never been more comfortable about driving it hard. If you don't have one of these-get one!
I have owned this car for little less than 6 months after acquiring it from a family relative. The car has treated me well so far through the later part of the winter, spring and now into summer. Gas mileage is decent, comfort is excellent, highway noise is minimal, drivetrain noise is minimal. I have an automatic which shifts smoothly for the most part but is jerky when under hard quick acceleration. The car is unfortunately terribly slow (even compared to my 94 VW GTI 2.0l). It keeps me out of trouble though. Handling is pretty good for stock suspension. And lastly the interior build is decent, the seats could use more support and better materials.
I've had this car for a year and a half now and was mostly pleased with it until I had to take it in for a tire rotation only to find out that the suspension/alignment is TERRIBLE on most ford focus's. With only 30,000 miles on my tires I was forced to buy all new ones. So I was not pleased with that. Only a year left on my lease and will definitely be trading this in, probably for something other than ford, unfortunately...
I purchased my Focus in June of '08, after driving a gas guzzling minivan for 5 years. After looking at Toyotas, Hondas, Chevys and Mazdas, the Focus was just the best idea for cost and reliability. I'm at 17,500 miles and have no issues. The gas mileage got up to 41mpg highway, but also as low as 27mpg city. Being a musician and a sort of music junkie, it's just amazing how seamlessly my Zune works with Sync. It's a good looking car with lots of options and features; it just gets you where you need to go - in style.
First Time Ford/American new Car Buyer! Ford's Fuel economy/reliability record w/ Focus/fun to drive vehicle caught my attention! With the Focus SES, I got a fully loaded car w/ leather seats! Great combination of sytle, electronic gadgets (sync, 6 CD w/ bass box, Sirius, Sunroof,etc.), sport handling/comforable ride, solid car feeling, smooth engine, fuel economy, and it's been a pleasure to drive w/ a manual transmission. Exterior fit and finish could use a little more refinement (the front hood alignment is a little off w/ the body). Overall, not bad for the price. ney. 8+ months later, the Focus is still a thumbs up. 
Purchased this car for my son in college. Wanted something new, safe with good gas mileage. The vehicle handles well. The build quality ( Exterior panel alignment) is a little off. At 17k the car began making a loud noise from the drive train when accellerating on a freeway. Took it in for service. There is a TSB which addresses the problem. A foam insert on the air intake tube becomes loose. The problem was repaired by ford. They also reprogramed the ECM due to air defroster issues. ( Another TSB ) 
My dad bought this vehicle for me as a graduation gift and for college. It drives great and i don't spend much on gas, which is great for a college kid. It has great handling and decent acceleration for 140 hp.
Seeing the ever rising gas prices forced me to get rid of my 15 mpg averaging Equinox. I was going to look at the 4 cylinder Escape but the Focus caught my eye. I love the car overall. I took it for 2 long trips already. The gas mileage is phenomenal. The engine is smooth during acceleration and is barely audible at cruising speeds. It also has enough power to keep up with traffic whether it being with one or 5 passengers aboard. Great car overall. The SYNC system is awesome. It's the best feature Ford ever came up with especially with a new cell phone ban while driving law that is coming to Ontario. 
First, I want to thank everyone who put a review for this car online... when I was looking, I really wanted a hatch (Honda Fit). However, after driving the Fit, I was very disappointed and decided to keep looking. We drove home past a Ford dealership, and I remembered all the rave reviews of the Focus (I wanted something small for gas mileage). They had 3 Focus-es on the lot, and we test drove the SES. I absolutely loved the car - it handles better than the Fit, turns more smoothly, accelerates faster, and is very easy to drive and understand. (Sadly, no hatchback or "magic" seats - figured those were not things I'd actually use on a daily basis.) 1 year later & I still LOVE this car!
Gas milage is great getting 35 to 40 mpg with mostly hwy driving. Sync software works great for the cost of the car its very impressive. Great Daily driver! 
The Ford Focus is a wonderful car. For the money it has better features than the Corolla. I like the Focus' interior. The exterior is something I love. I'm very enamored with this car.
I've been driving Civic for 6 years and kind of tired of driving no-character car. Finally I was hooked up by the new Focus, especially the cool design. Unexpectedly, the interior was also neat and clean. Very quiet, too. I traded in my Civic with no regret. Frankly, I didn't know Ford has come this far matching, actually exceeding Japanese sedans. Great work, Ford!
I've owned this 2008 focus since june 2008. I have 11k miles with absolutely no problems. No rattles or anything..still very tight. I can achieve 40mpg on highway trips if I keep the speed at or below 65mph. The automatic transmission is nice and smooth. great quality all around for the price.
I had to do something, diesel fuel was over $4 a gallon and I was only visiting jobs to check them out for bidding, no more hauling materials so I couldn't justify spending the $ on fuel for the nive luxury big mans man truck. So my daughter was learning to drive and we went down to Ford and drove all the small to mid sixe vehicles and we loved the Focus and it's been a year now that we've had it. If my daughter ends up taking it I will have to decide on getting a second Focus.
My focus has 8000 miles on it. I take care of my cars. Face it you need a car to get you back in forth to work. while i was driving my foucus started making this popping sound? Then it sounded like the front drive train was going to fall out from under the car so i pulled over to check it out an the engine was viberating the hole car. took it to the shop to find out both motor mounts had broken. besides that its been a good little car. 
I always owned sports cars then moved into minivans as a soccer mom, the kids are grown mostly so I moved back into a sporty but economical car. Great gas mileage, good pick up speed to jump on the highway, for a smaller car you don't have to drop down on the ground to get in the car. I like the dash illumination, my only negative would be sometimes it picks up a rock and the sound enters the passenger compartment kind of loud. 
I purchased this car about a year ago and so far, no complaints. I originally test drove a Sentra, Civic, Corolla and a Mazda3 before buying the Focus. The Focus just felt a little more solid and very quiet on the inside. The Focus lacked pep, but after a year of driving, I think it's gotten a little quicker now that it's broken in. After a year it is still very quiet, no rattles or squeeks. I have had no problems whatsoever and I am definitely glad I purchased the Focus over the competition. It is a well built car, fun to drive, has great features, and was very inexpensive. $16,700 out the door! 
Replaced my 2005 Escape which I loved - but needed better gas mileage. Boy did I get my money's worth! I have gotten as high as 42 mpg on a long trip, and even regular commute nets anywhere from 35 mpg to 39 mpg depending on how fast highway traffic is moving. I got the 5-speed standard - it's less expensive and way more fun to drive - you can really take off in a hurry when you need to. Loved my Escape - but this little gem is really winning me over - I'd replace it with another Focus in a heartbeat when the time comes!
Almost didn't buy my Focus because they couldn't find a tow hitch to fit it, but did at the last minute. I pull a retro-looking hard side trailer filled with my possessions as I move across the country for my work (wildland firefighter). Total weight 1500 lbs and the car pulls great. Only had to downshift a couple times up the passes in CA. Sync is cool! Just hope it doesn't crash like my microsoft laptop, but so far so good. One negative is a weird gap where the trunk meets the rear quarter panel, no leaks but it may be an early assembly glitch. (I got one of the first cars of the line) My baby has been from MN to FL to CA and back to FL in this year alone, all pulling the trailer!!!
I am thoroughly disappointed with this vehicle and the service I have/haven't received! I have already had to replace door seals, tires at 17,000 miles, have a clunking noise they "can't replicate", and it already didn't want to start at 29,000. I'm on the road for 2 hrs. 5 days a week in this vehicle and though the gas mileage is good, it's an uncomfortable ride. Hardly any leg room for riders in the back seat. Dealership never wants to work very hard to figure out what the problems are. Told them I wouldn't buy another one, and they said that's ok. Service mgr. said Focus still has a suspension problem and that's why I have a tire issue, but didn't offer to do anything about it.
I bought my Focus to replace my nightmare VW Beetle. Overall I like it .I'm at 14,000 miles. It does well in all weather. I find the seats to be very comfortable. The seat backs are high, which is great because I'm on the tall side (for a female). The moonroof is nice, but cuts a lot of headroom in the backseat. The back seat is hard to get into with the coupe. SYNC is pretty neat, but hard to use sometimes. The brakes are terrible, and are very underpowered. The headlights are not very bright, and I'm probably going to put in some HIDs. I have beige cloth that I have worked very hard to keep clean, but I should have gotten leather. I get better than estimated MPG. Nice, smooth clutch.
This is a very nice handling car. It gets great fuel mileage. I owned a 2001 Focus that I hated, it had every proplem in the world. The 2008 Focus is extremly well built. I would recomend this car to anyone. The only problem is the leg room in the back seat is tight and there is no rear seat dome light. That's all I can say bad about the car. 
My daughter took my Honda Civic to college. She said she had fallen in love with it during the summer and it was no use to try to pry it from her hands. I had rented a few Focuses and always enjoyed their pure simple performance. went over to Ford to look at one. Finances were tight. I ended up buying an SES 2 Dr. with all the bells and whistles. The price put the imports to shame. No, it's not a Beemer or an Audi. But I bought in on my credit card! It was half the price of the cars we had looked at. It goes very well, it can corner, and it can get up and go with that smooth 5-speed. It shines up real well, and even the Pirellis hold their own on tough surfaces. I'm happy!
The automatic transmission has problems with this vehicle. Stay away from it. I bought a 2008 Focus program car last week with 11,000 miles on it. I thought it drove very nice, etc., when I test drove it. I was not really familiar with how it was to actually perform. Driving a loaner vehicle of same type 2008 Focus SE automatic transmission, I knew something was wrong with the one I purchased. I was told by the dealership nothing was wrong with the transmission, even though the engine screams at 60 mhp because it is not shifting, I was told the car would acclimate itself to me, and shift after it got used to me? Do not buy one, this transmission problem is on the net. Last Ford for me
I had a 2001 Focus which I bought used. It had about 130,000 miles on it and I was in need of something new, with gas prices what they were I went with the SES Focus power everything is the only way to go. Best choice of a car ever, plenty of room, pepy, good on gas and gets a lot of looks. I added a few hidden emergency lights to it for my business and when I turn them on I get a lot of ooooing and ohhhhing from people. It's a very sharp vehicle for a work vehicle. Also just added a HID coversion kit for my headlights, this is a great improvement to the safety and the look of the car at night
Still a nice little car after 20,000 miles. Still averaging 30mpg mixed driving. Got as high as 37mpg on along road trip. Still no squeks, no rattles and still a hoot to drive. No service except for oil changes and tire rotations. Maybe the lite truck guys did have something to do with this baby Ford. Looks good, goes great. 180,000 miles more and I'll know if it's been built Ford tough like my Ford trucks.
I bought it used with 3000 kms on it. Black 2door with the dark interior. 5 speed. Fun and nimble in turns. I am planning to add the 2009 2door coupe rear roof spoiler and a 3d carbon body kit to it for looks. Other than that it's an excellent car that is easy to drive and I send anyone I know that is looking at a new car to go look at it and test one! The motor is not a barn burner, but will hold you at 140km/h all day and not think about it! would love to add a 6 speed (overdrive) but hey- it's a $15000 car not a $25000 one. Its handling is not a Lambo but it takes everything I toss at it and I havn't gotten it on 2 wheels yet! 
This isn't a bad little car. It isn't a 10 or even a 9. Now think of it. Bo was a 10. Like everyone else it should have a trunk release. How stupid can you be Ford. The seating is great for my short wife. She can see out rather well. I fit in just fine to and I'm 6' 235. The milage isn't what it should be. My wife just drives at around 60 and she hasn't gotten 30MPG yet like people on here are claiming. They should be able to get better than this with the poochy 4 cylinder. I have an old 95 Corrola that has 150000 on it and it get 37 MPG. Like I said this isn't a bad little car for the money but it isn't a 10.
I must say that Ford has improved in building the vehicles. The ride is very comfortable and it gives the right gas mileage. The looks are cool and interior lights are awesome. The engine is very quiet compared to the older models of Focus. I chose Ford over Toyota and Nissan.
We like our Focus. The mileage is 41 highway & 30 city, very good for an automatic. Have a squeak in suspenison is hand brake cable in hanger in front of rear axle. Ford has a fix a new grommet. We think it is a very good buy for the price. Looked at Toyota, Nissan, Vibe, Mazda 
Nearly bought a used Corolla for my daughter after her Accord was totaled (not her fault). I am so glad I checked the newspaper and saw the great rebates Ford was offering, this car cost less that than the Corolla and had so much more to offer in terms of gadgets and safety features. The performance is quite peppy and have not has any issues since purchased. The car is cute and turns a lot of heads, they always ask what it is and are pleasantly surprised to find out it's a Ford. I feel comforatable with my daughter driving back and forth from college with this car. It's got six airbags. I enjoy driving it too, when I get the chance. 
Great car. Love to drive it when I can get it away from my wife. Excellent mileage. Good performance for a 2.0 litre. Styling turns heads and gets compliments. The toys inside rock. It's a total 21st century rig. Lots of room for the size of the vehicle. Overall, we love this car.
So far I'm pleased with the car. I purchased it with the thought that I would cut my fuel consumption for my Expedition. Gas was $4.25 when I bought. I took a trip to Carlsbad caverns and also to the Grand Canyon, my weekend trip was in excess of 1300 miles. My dislike: Radio has an XM button I'm unable to add XM to the radio or any of the Sync options, there is no upgrade other than going to a higher cost on the vehicle. Cruise control: Engineers this is a gas miser add cruise? No spare, yes you save weight, break down in the desert New Mexico see if you walk out. No aftermarket, no cruise, no radio and who knows about a spare. Other than that I like.
I was driving a Ford 250 4X4 diesel and when fuel got to 5.25/gallon bought a Ford Focus SE loaded for beater car and love it. Tried Toyota, Altima, and prefered the Focus. Great car for price.
I purchased my Focus S Coupe mainly for the gas mileage, as the price at the pump was over $4/gal at the time. I test drove an automatic first, then a manual, and settled on the 5-speed, as it literally left the automatic for dead at stoplights. What is more, the manual seemed to hunt between its two top gears with an annoying frequency. This is not a problem when you stir your own gears. Having owned mostly European cars, I was pleasantly surprised with the up-high seating position of the Focus. I also like the steering feel, as it lacks the numbness of so many American cars I have driven. Performance is pretty decent for a car of this type, and the engine is well behaved at all speeds.
When I bought this car, I was making a 74-mile round trip commute. The car has performed beautifully and more than lived up to its EPA gas mileage estimate. (I got about 40mpg driving mostly back roads and highways, even with my heavy foot.) Sales and service experiences have been great. My only complaint is that the headrests are a little uncomfortable for me; they tend to push my head forward more than is comfortable, hence the 8s in comfort and interior design. This car has been great fun to drive, and I'm glad I chose the Focus over the other models I was considering (Chevy Aveo, Honda Fit, and others in similar class.)
Nissan lover who turned to Ford! I loved my 200SX SER for many years, but needed to buy a Truck. Throughout the years, I longed for a fuel efficent, sporty, compact 2 door coupe like I once had. Out of the blue, I thought I'd take a chance on a 2007 Focus SE, and enjoyed owning it. When the 2008 Focus came out, I got excited, and I knew I had to "upgrade." The Focus is fun to drive, and it's even better with a manual tranny. I have been very happy with my purchase. I've read a lot of "Car Critics" review of the Focus, and they bash Ford at every angle minus the Sync system. Critics only like Japanese compact vehicles! For the price, you can't beat all the great features Ford offers.
Since I purchased this vehicle I have averaged a consistant 37MPG over 13000 miles driven but I drive mostly highway. It is an automatic transmission and the ride for a compact is excellent. I can say that it is not a Honda Civic but it costs 6K less. I would say for the money there is no better buy on the market.
It has been a fun drive so far. I love to take turns at fast speeds, and not hear a tire squeak. It has plenty of power and can be pretty zippy.
This car does exactly what I expected it to do. Delivers very acceptable ride and performance with exceptional mpg. No issues or dissapointments. Just utilitarian transportation at a very reasonble expense.
I bought this gas sipper in response to the current gas price baseline. I was surprised that it was fun to drive. It is more responsive than either my Ford Sport Trak or Ford Five Hundred. If I get in a tight spot, it goes! With that said, I still get about 31 mpg in city driving. It get 35 mpg on the Interstate. It is comfortable-- in the front seats, that is. Its appearance is fairly attractive, inside and out.
I have taken my Focus on a trip already this year and put 3000 kms on it (1500 hundred miles) and I found it to be very comfortable with no problems to speak of yet. I got about 32 mpg which im very happy with and can honestly say I enjoy my car very much and the compliments are not to hard to listen to either. The car has just about every option you can get on it and I would recommend this car to anybody. Even my friends who aren't huge Ford fans have nothing but good to say about it. 
Early this year, I purchased an all base model 2008 Ford Focus. I drive a whole lot and need something with good mileage but also family safe since we had our first baby on the way. We drove everything in its class and spent at least a good month researching what would fit us best. I have a strong dis-taste for most Asian vehicles, but even so we test drove the Civic, Fit, Corolla, Echo, Yaris, Impreza etc etc. We ended up picking the Focus for its great value and still the best mileage overall. Rated better than the Aveo! I drive this vehicle every day and love it to death! Its great fun to drive, spacious for a little car and still smooth and powerful! Very safe too. Great job Ford!
I wasn't in the market for a new car until I was helping my sister buy her first new car and saw what a great deal the Focus was. I was able to get it for $13,200 out the door and loved everything about it. I had an 06 Corolla CE in manual and hated it. The quality of the Focus engine is well known (probably better than the Corolla) and so far the fuel economy is better. The Focus looks, runs, and drives better. I have to say I love this great American car. 
I drive a manual Focus and overall it's a great car. I would pick it over the Cobalt any day. Personally Im used to trucks. Until now thats all I've driven. I switched due to the fuel prices. At first I was kind of scared because I'm not used to being so low to the ground. I was used to being up high in my F-250. Don't get me wrong I love my trucks, but I also love my car. All the air bags make you feel safe. It's a car that can definitely get up and go. Although it's a 4 cylinder it's got some power. Definitely not worried when I'm passing other cars. It seats comfortably and even when you have a full car of 5 adults it doesn't feel like your too squished. Overall I love my Focus. Definitely worth it.
I never thought I would get out of my F150. I bought this to save gas and it really does. I get around 35 on the hiway. It's a really fun car to drive so my truck sits in the drive most of the time now. Thanks Ford. Buy American!
Love the new style, solidness, room, ease for my elderly parents to enter and exit. I traded a 1999 Pontiac Grand Am Se 4 door with almost 128,000 on it. Things were starting to go so I thought I would follow my younger sister's footsteps and get a Focus. I am very pleased with it and look forward to driving it. I average between 30 and 34 mpg combined driving. This is the first Ford I have ever had. At least go check one out. 
After being shot down by Massachusetts car dealers, I purchased my Focus SE in Salem NH. As advertised, the car had a mileage range from 29 mpg to 41mpg. Sticker average was 35 mpg. I found that the 5 speed manual transmission outperforms the 4 speed automatic. With 80% highway driving at 2500 RPM, just over 65 MPH, I average 41 mpg, easily. I once had this car performing better in the mileage catergory at 55 MPH. I actually attained 42.6 mpg. This is the reason I purchased the car. I am totally satisfied with it. It's also fun to drive. I wonder if Ford will Offer a 6 speed manual transmission in future models. 
I was looking for a few months for a new car and had been to every dealership I could find and had found a few cars in the 25,000 to 30,000 dollar range. When I found the Focus it had everything I wanted and I only paid 21,000. I've put 18,000 km on and drive it like I stole it. The only thing I would change is a little more pop on the bottom end of the automatic and rear disc brakes
After months of deliberation I finally bought a Focus. I needed an economic vehicle since my lifted Chevy is sucking up gas. So for the right price I bought the 4dr auto se sedan for 12,900 after hours of battling the dealer. Car is amazing, great interrior design. I am 6,4 and fit in it fine. Can also fit 4 buddies inside comfortably as well. Gas mileage is great. I never thought I would ever own a Ford and now they got me! I have nothing but great things to say about this vehicle. Seriously how can you complain about a nice, attractive, and sporty vehicle for under 13k? 
Had to replace my 2000 due to being totaled. Loved the car. To me they ruined it for 2008. No hatchback available. Sort of ugly clunky styling outside and inside is worse. The dash layout is very poor and unfriendly compared to the original. My elbow is sore from wacking the console bin when I shift. No spare tire which is really unaceptable in AZ due to our weather and cell phones don't work in lots of places. The Vista Blue color is nice (best thing on car), but miss my bright Autumn Orange. Ugly hubcaps. Basic sound system is better sounder then 2000. Seat bottom not adjustable like the 2000. Just not happy with car by comparison, can say I wish I'd bought the 2005 ZX3 that they had now.
Just retired and needed something good on gas. The Focus is as good as anything out there. The new Focus will really surprise you! Gas mileage about 31 mpg total driving. After owning trucks all my life this is like winning the lottery.
Tested the Civic, Mazda 3, Elantra, skipped the Corolla. Was ready to go with Mazda 3 until I drove the Focus. Smooth ride, quietest of the bunch, seamless 5 speed shifter, great visibility, supportive seating, and a lot of pep. I'm actually having as much fun driving it as my '06 'stang GT 5 speed. The mileage is better than it's rated at. 4 aftermarket speakers and additional damping under dash and behind the door panels and the stock head sounds better than my Shaker 1000! Cannot hear tire hiss when driving in rain. Great, scatty little car!
I am absolutely thrilled with the purchase of my vehicle. I had test driven many competitors vehicles ( HHR, Cobalt, Cruiser). I was not satisfied with anything until I went to Ford. I purchased a manual specically for the zip and whip. I am a Ford girl and I can not cheat on Ford, so when this stylish 2008 Focus came out (I had a 2000 Focus prior) I had to get one. This vehicle is a replica of my personality (young, always on the go and stylish). If you want a vehicle that is economical, stylish (Metallic Silver), and you can park it in the spots that bigger cars cannot; then purchase a Ford Focus.
Just purchased my new Focus in red about 2 weeks ago. I absolutely love it. I use the AC all the time and don't really take it easy on the gas pedal and I still average about 37 mpg driving about 8% highway miles. It's really fun to drive and it looks really sporty which is awesome. I got the 5 speed tranny which is so smooth when shifting. With no extras I walked away paying just over $13,000 with dealer rebates. The only gripe I have so far would have to be that there is no trunk release on the inside and the S model doesn't offer keyless entry. But overall I love the car and don't regret the purchase whatsoever.
3 months and 2000 miles and we're happy car, especially with the mileage. Very surprised by the quite ride with one exception. A noise from an unknown source developed at about 1200 miles. Dealer replaced the fuel pump, but the noise remains. Apparently Ford engineers are aware of and investigating the problem so I'm not the only one having it. No solution yet according to the dealer. I?m a little leery as we discovered a suspension problem in the first Focus we took for a test drive. It?s a nice car, but my 3 Hondas and 4 Nissans have never had problems with so few miles. If not for this unknown problem I'd be very happy with the amount of car we got for the money.
I got my Focus after deciding to trade in my 2000 Jetta that had its fair share of problems over the years. My family has had several Fords and after checking out the Mazda 3, Civic, and Scion tc, this was the clear choice. It rides well, is fun to drive, and the Sync system is great. Ford was offering such great incentives that it was hard to justify not going with this car. If you're not sure, take one for a drive and you'll have a hard time saying no.
I like the gas mileage, ride,and handling but at 1100 miles I noticed that when I filled the gas tank the gas guage only went to 3 quarters full! Now at 2100 miles I have a check engine light and the code states that the fuel level sensor in the gas tank is no longer working! It's a disappointment to already be having problems at such a low mileage and I wonder if this is the start of things to come!
Cant say anything at all bad about my Ford experience with regards to Focus. After owning an '01 since new with well over 100k mi and superb reliability I gladly bought a new '08 Focus and it's head and shoulders better than my beloved '01! I havent sold my '01, what does that tell ya. Great fuel mileage and comfort not to mention quite peppy even with smallest 4cyl motor choice. Great car for 1st time buyer as well as older frugal guy like me,
I've owned this vehicle since 10/07. Overall I enjoy the car very much. There are a few problems Ford could work on though. If you like plastic, you will love the interior. Ford could have made the interior a little less spartan by even just using softer plastic parts in some places. Another issue is the Max AC setting. You can turn the AC on by pressing the AC or Max button but once the Max air is on, the AC can only be turned off by pressing the Max button again (to turn it off) and then the AC button. There is also little storage space in the vehicle. It's very roomy and fun to drive. I have no issued with the power. It's a small V4 and gets great mpg.
We purchased our Focus after months of shopping. We finally decide to go and test drive the Focus. To our surprise we loved it. It is a very comfortable car, has a great drive, and is even a little bit sporty. I love the dash board and the lights, the ride is very smooth. The gas mileage is great we have been getting 33-34 mpg. This is around town, but we are driving conservatively. Great car for the money, glad we made this purchase, I highly recommend this car.
I bought a 4 door Focus SES automatic 4 months ago and love it! It gets excellent mileage, 40+ mpg hwy, is sporty, comfortable, quiet, and attractive. The dash is laid out well with many features found in luxury cars. My SUV now stays parked save for boat towing and family vacations, the Focus fulfills lengthy business travel and around town errands using much less gas. It has more features for less money than the Accord or Corolla. 
Focus is much better built than Nissan Sentra and Toyota Corolla. I own a 2007 Sentra and had 2007 Corolla. The Focus is built much more solid and safer without the cheap plastic parts. Gas mpg is at 32 on the electronic odometer. Car handles very good on the curves and open road. I am 6'4" and fit comfortably. Since I have owned all 3 of the top compact cars, the Focus wins hands down in all categories except size. The Sentra fits me a little better. 
I traded for my Focus 4 weeks ago. I test drove both the Focus and a used Corolla. The SE Focus had a more modern interior and with the Sync System beat the Toyota S-Type hands down. The Focus lacked the accelleration of the Toyota, but the new Focus with sunroof, spoiler, Sirius and Sync was $2K less. I took the Focus on a 1600 mile business trip and am only more pleased. I am a conservative driver, but I still maintian 65 to 70 MPH highway speeds. My average fuel econony for the trip was 36 MPG even burning 10% ethanol for half the trip. Commuting nets >32MPG. Trunk space was ample and you have the option of dropping the rear seats if needed. Looks are fine. In summary, I love my Focus!
I drive the 2008 SES, my parents got it for me for high school graduation and I love this car. I'm coming from a 96 Cobra SVT and I miss the power but the Focus greatly makes up for it. I love the voice activated items like the phone, mp3, and sync. I also like the mood lighting and awesome sound system with the big bass in the trunk (yes it is stock!) The gas is also great. I drive 60 miles a day to and from work and this car is so comfortable and performs with ease and is surprisingly peppy. Overall I think Ford did an awesome job on this car.
My first car was a 2008 Ford Focus, 4 door with manual locks and windows. I'm a college student and on my way up to school I was in a serious accident. The car flipped three times across the median. This car saved my life. The airbags did not burn me and set off properly, the cut fuel button came in handy and the structure held preventing my legs to be crushed. I walked away with only cuts and bruises! The car was totaled, but now I'm a proud owner of a silver 2008 Ford Focus SE! 
This car is awesome! We traded our Toyota Sienna in for this car. At first I thought I would regret it because of the difference in space, but my son loves it (especially the moon roof) and I love driving it. It is so comfortable inside, the seats are soft and the material is like no other I have been in. The interior dash and lights are great blue! I can't say enough about this car! Perfect, and excellent gas mileage! I would highly recommend this vehicle!
Traded a 98 Blazer that got 16mpg. My Focus SE 5 speed gets 28mpg. Had the car 3 weeks and got rearended. Other than the trunk lid, car held up nice. Fun car to drive. Nice sound system. Wish it had a another power outlet or two. 
I always drove Chevys I traded out a Chevy Equinox '07 which was worth 12,000 and I owed 19,500. I was real skeptical about a Ford car, and I was truly suprised and amazed at the power that this little car has. I spent my 1st 2 hrs of owning this car in a bad traffic jam and had fun playing with the knobs and my gas gauge barely moved even with the air on.
I think Ford got this car right. I find it quiet, responsive, and peppy (for what it is). The manual transmission is easy to shift and it holds speed well on downgrades. I get 37 mpg on the highway and around 28 mpg in town. I recommend this car! Get the SES and the fancy radio system.
Drives wonderfully. Handling is a bit touchy. Interior is great - love the leather and adjustable height on the driver's seat. Back seat offers little leg room, but that is typical of a compact. I like this better than my old Civic.
I haven't had the car very long but it's an incredibly impressive car for the price. I have a 5 speed SES. The gas mileage has always been over 32 mixed no matter what. The manual is easy to drive and kind of fun. Love the dash and layout. It's very responsive and easy/fun to drive. Good comfortable ride, handles nicely. It's an all around great car for the money and they've proven themselves to be reliable. Very happy. Ambient lighting is nice and power moonroof is not cheap. Nice attention to safety. Great wheel and driver controls.
I have had my new Focus Se for 16 days now and I can truly say that I am impressed. I am driving 108 miles per day and I drive about 70% highway and 30% city. I am getting 32.7 MPG average. The car is very smooth and peppy while being comortable as well. I had a Mitsubishi Galant LS V6 and would definitely not go back. I have to say that Ford has really done a great job with this car. I would highly recommend that anyone looking to get a very nice car with lots of bells and whistles should seriously consider this. It beats out its competition without breaking a sweat by giving the buyer more features for less money. Gas mileage is great and the ride beats the Civic and Corolla.
Like 90% of you out there, I bought this car for fuel economy. I also own a 2005 Tahoe. I love my Tahoe but it was costing me approx. $90 a week to fill up. $360 a month. so I elected to get the no thrill S model. I test drove the Cobalt and was not impressed. The Focus, on the other hand, was a real surprise. The smoothness of the powertrain and comfort are amazing. I got the bare bones version, so I can't comment on it's other attributes. i.e. synk, bluetooth etc. Handling and braking is very good, style is OK and interior design is very good. The most important feature is the 34+ mpg's I get over all. It bothers me that it hasn't gotten a better press review. It deserves much better. 
I love my Focus. I have always purchased Ford products, but this car is awesome. The car handles great and it drives like a little tank in bad weather, better than my Escort! It has excellent fuel economy at 34.8 miles to a gallon city driving and over 35 highway-with the price of gas at $4 a gallon and rising the Focus really helps me out financially. The interior is sweet with visible gauges. It's comfortable too! Everyone who rides in it loves it and say they will make it their next car. Ford has really improved an already good vehicle. I love driving my car, it looks, feels and rides great! It's small but has roomy interior, as well as excellent safety features!
I am a Ford person. I have owned six and I have to say I love this car. It is fun to drive and great on gas. I have the sync and the Siruis radio. Can't get better than that. 
Traded a 2002 Mustang GT for this car. I needed better gas mileage and so far I love this car just as much as my 'stang. It's comfy, zippy, and just looks awesome! Love all the gizmos! Great job Ford. Thanks for a great little "Gas Getter"!
Excellent buy. Plenty of front seat leg room, engine peppy and 37+ mpg on highway (44mpg for one stretch). Solid/comfortable seats, interior very quiet. I wanted a Mustang, but I am very happy with the Focus and it is $13,000 cheaper. I have driven it at sea level and 10,000 ft., it handled just fine. No complaints! The transmission gearings are spaced just right to help keep RPMs down, shifting is easy.
Had car for about 3 months. Great affordable car with good mileage. I get 32 town and 35 highway driving 60 MPH. Lots of road noise, having transmission concerns. Visually appealing design inside and out. Much better quality and ride than other comparable vehicles in its class. Would recommend if you are looking for a really affordable new car that gets decent mileage. 
Before I purchased this vehicle, I read many articles, reviews and test drove it for a week at a Hertz rental agent so that I could really feel what it is like to own one. Now I have bought this car the fun never seems to stop. The car performs very well and can be economical depending on your driving habits. You can have all of its 140 hp at your disposal or drive and take it easy to get that 30+ MPG your pocket craves for. What surprises me is that no matter how I drive this car, I can get a good range of 20-30 MPG's anyway. The brakes are quiet and predictable. The suspension is excellent for its class. Sporty coupe nice interior! Sirius and Sync rocks!
I knew exactly what I wanted when I ordered mine. After a brief comparison of similar vehicles on the web, I found that there are no other vehicles in its class or price range that can be equipped with so many options. I have an SE with about every option you can put on it, this means it is nicer and cheaper than an SES. I didn't buy the car for it's looks, but now that I have tinted the window and added molded mud flaps, it is a darn good looking car. Gray of course makes the car, especially when considering that color is not available for an SES. Basically, anyone who wants a nice focus, don't go for the SES because the same features standard on that model are more expensive. I am so happy!
This car is fun to drive and gets excellent mileage. My best mileage so far, over 3 days, driving 440 miles, is 41.2 MPG. Overall an excellent choice for any commuter.
I would recommend the V6 fusion to anyone looking for great gas millage and performance. I went on trip from Southeastern Arizona to Provo Utah and back! Traveled through desert and mountains for a total of 1841 miles! I averaged 28.8 MPG. This included 196 miles of city driving. All Mileage Hand calculated We love are Fusion. I would consider myself an aggressive driver and think more moderate driving could achieve better results. We have 14,000 miles and many to come. We have had no issues so far and love to drive it. The only thing that could use some improvement would be road noise from rear of vehical. Well put together car and can feel the quality when driving. Rate it 9 out of 10
First of all im a former Japanese car buyer. Owned many camrys and accords.. My Fusion has 46,500 miles and it has been very solid. I am in town alot along with some highway.. I can get about 19- 22 depending on how i drive it in town and on the highway close to 29. These numbers are with the ac blowing hard. I accelerate very aggressively also. My accord had tranny issues back in 02, my camry was falling apart with 95k in 05 so hopefully this will be a good ownership experience. 
This is my first Ford I've ever owned. I got the V-6 SEL. I looked at many imports, and none of them compared to this car. It drives like a dream. I feel very safe in it. It has front, side, and curtain airbags. I get 21.6 mpg out in the country. I'm sure it will get more on the expressway. I love the pick up and go it has. It can really zip through the city. My teens love it, especially the stereo system. It's a great family car. Thanks Ford for a great car!!!!!
Bought the 2008 4-cylinder Fusion in February, 2008 - owned it 1 year and 4 months. Coming from an 8-cylinder Explorer, I am surprised at how pleased I am with a 4-cylinder. Although it does rev up pretty high to get up any speed, it does get up there quickly, and I have no problems keeping up with anyone on the highway. I have not had the first problem with this car. On a trip to FL, got 31 mpg. Can't beat that!
I bought my '08 Fusion in October of last year and I love it more and more every day. It's an amazing car! I opted for the Sport Appearance Package with the 18" wheels and upgraded suspension. It is such a classy looking car, I have people asking me all the time, "What kind of car is that?" or my favorite, "That's a Ford???" It handles beautifully, much better than my last two Focuses. Unfortunately, I was broadsided in it this weekend by a driver going at least 40-45 mph. My Fusion kept myself and my passenger from being seriously injured. 10 for Safety! I'm hoping my insurance company decides she's a keeper and they opt to repair her! If not, I will definitely pick up an '09 Fusion!
I have had this car over one year and have not had any problems. Driving in the 60-65 mile an hour range on the highway I am getting 30 miles a gallon on the V-6. I will never own any car again except a fusion. Thanks Ford, If you are shopping for a new car, buy American and drive one for a test drive and you will love it. 
I just financed a 08 Ford Fusion S. So far so good. I like my car, it's very roomy and comfortable. I did not do my research like I should've but after reading reviews on camry,accord, and malibu. I think that my car far exceeds the camry and honda in quality. I will probably trade in a year for a malibu because their reviews are great compared to a midsized car. I have had mines for about a month now, and I am overall pleased. There are a few things that need to be improved on but overall Fusion is a great ride, very smooth and if you don't have a need for speed a good driving vehicle. I do have a problem with acceleration, seems like I'm killing the engine to get it to go. Wish I had a V6.
THe Fusion is my kind of car. I Love this car, I love this cars gas mileage! There is not a lot to complain about, except the rear window. If your looking to buy this car with a spolier try backing up before you buy it. The window sets up higher and the spoiler blocks your view. This is something I did not notice until I backed right into a tree.
So I am writing this as a new buyer and plan to add to...as I progress with the car. So far the vehicle has performed well and gets very good gas mileage for it's size. Build quality is quite good for Ford seeing am used to my families Volvo's and Audi's. The only bothersome thing with this car is it has seemingly NO torque... I have to push the car to at least past 1500 to get it to move...anyway the car is nice on the highway and easily the best part is the quality of the ride and almost non-existent body roll, steering is quick and responsive...as I said I plan to keep adding as the miles add on...good job Ford US (uk models are much better)I never thought i would be saying that... 
A true American competitor to the import mid-sizers. And Ford only needed to borrow a Mazda platform to make it happen. The car is roomy, comfortable, has decent material and build quality (though there are a few warts), and is somewhat fun to drive with a manual transmission. It doesn't beg to be driven hard like an Altima, and isn't as refined as the Accord, but still drives good and looks great. SYNC is a brilliant system, but I am having issues using a thumb drive to store music that Ford can't seem to solve. The engine is smooth and revs well, but it feels a little underpowered and is a little bit too noisy at highway speeds. My mileage is 27mpg mixed.
I admit it. I'm an Import car man. I have always liked the European and Japanese way of making cars. Tight, solid, good handling & performance, decent styling. However, Ford won my heart with this car. I looked at everything available from every manufacturer and in my opinion, nothing came close to the Fusion for value. I love my car's styling. It's striking whereas to my eye, the Japanese and European cars have all the same styling excitement of a toaster. The fit, finish, and build quality is excellent. The ride & handling, standard features, options and comfort of this car is really very very good. I am 42 and finally I am truly excited and proud of my new American car!
My previous vehicle was a '98 F-150. So it was about time to start looking for something else.I Started out looking for an SUV of some sort that's not so thirsty on gas.While in the ford lot I glanced over at the Fusion, took a closer look at the sticker. I noticed the abundance in features it had. Next, I took a test drive.That's all it took. I purchased a black SEL loaded with the sport appearance package.Leather seats, moon + tune package, the works! The sporty red accents on the seats are awesome!My 12 yr old son loves the car just as much! Ford did their homework on this one. The only gripe I have is better all- season performance tires for summer as well as winter driving wouldn't hurt.
My lease was ending on my '05 Altima. I test drove Altima, Camry, Mazda 6, CX-7, and Accord. The Fusion was suggested to me and to my suprise I loved it. The ride, comfort and the equipment I got for the price made it a car to beat. 
Great car, love the look and quality. Fun car to drive and we love the satellite radio. Roomy interior and very quite ride. Would highly recommend this vehicle. 
I downsized from a Lincoln Town Car to get better gas mileage. The Fusion 4 CYL with the 5 speed auto gets me 33MPG on the highway - 5 more than the EPA rating. It is quiet, sporty, excellent build quality and has many surprising features that you don't expect on a car in this price class
This is my first new car since getting rid of by '89 Mustang. I've had good luck with Ford. No major problems. So we'll see how this one lasts. 
When I saw the commercial on TV comparing a Ford to Camry and Accord, I just laughed. I knew there was no way an American manufacturer could compete on that level. Boy was I wrong. Much to my surprise, my company selected the Fusion for this years fleet vehicle. This is a quantum leap ahead of the Taurus they issued us i years past. The car feels extremely solid. I corners and accelerates well, and is just plain fun to drive. The hidden gem is the Sync voice activation system. The voice recognition is nearly flawless. I spend a lot of time in the car. Being able to have complete control of my iPod and cell phone without taking my hands off the wheel is a huge advantage. 
I test drove 6 cars before making my choice. Mazda 6, Mazda3, Honda Civic Si, Honda Accord, Fusion I4, and Fusion SE V6. The sport package added to the SE version of the V6 Fusion was absolutely smooth and responsive. Granted the Accord is a great car, but the '08 version is just to big for my taste. 
Have the Fusion for 2 weeks now and I love the car! Great to drive, great to look at. I have the red color which everyone loves! I'm getting 24MPG in everyday driving with the I-4. I feel that this engine has plenty of power. Great leg room in front and in the back too! 
Had a very bad experience with a Hyundai, traded it in for this Fusion. 4 cyl, 5 speed auto, black on black cloth. The car rides extremely well, offers a controlled but supple ride. The engine has enough grunt to get you from point a to b, I bought it as a commuter car and mileage was my primary concern, so I'm pleased with my 25 mpg city and 30+ highway. High quality cloth seats, my only gripe is that the door panels don't feel sturdy. Just hoping it wasn't a complete lemon like my Hyundai was.
I love my new car! I was trying to decide between a Fusion and a Milan when I purchased, but I am very very happy with my choice. I'm getting 29- 30 on the highway with a V6! The build quality is great, ride is great! Awesome job Ford! FoMoCo is back! Watch out Toyota, Fusion is a sign that Ford will not be denied!
The I4 is a little "raspy" on acceleration but not unduly so. Seems to have plenty of power even with four very good sized adults. Roomy and comfortable. The interior really seems exceptionally well thought out. The option did not include the automatic which we did get along with the leather seating which I highly recommend. We have dogs that shed. Seems to be quite roomy both in front and back and I'm over 6'6" tall. At highway speeds normal conversations were highly understandable and I thought the handling was great. No complaints at all. Mileage right on the money at 28 mpg per the window sticker. Getting many compliments based on the light sage color. Styling is excellent.
I'm a person who buys a lot of cars to try them out and compare. I've found that the Fusion hits a sweet spot for me with a combination of performance, handling, and economy that's hard to beat. I like to drive hard and the Fusion is very responsive. The inline four winds out nicely, the understeer is predicable, and the brakes are good. Its truly a hoot to push on a country road. Fuel economy in evenly mixed city and highway driving is 23 mpg when pushed and 25 at normal acceleration. The comfort level is high; it's essentially a Mazda6 in American clothes. Only the Accord is better and its slightly higher refinement is not worth the higher price to me.
I have used the car to commute 50 miles to Boston everyday. I anticipated the lack of power from my Olds Intrigue, but nothing like what I have experienced. The car has difficulty shifting our of first gear when it's cold (engine cold, not weather cold). When slowing from 65 miles an hour to negotiate toll boothes, the speed up is jerky and loud. When braking on exit ramps and having to merge, the same performance, it chokes on acceleration. I drove a Mazda 6, also a 4 cyl 5 speed, and its pep and response far outweighs the Fusion. I'm afraid to take the car far from home, it randomly just wont shift out of first gear easily when you need power to move forward from a stop.
I would recommend this vehicle to whomever wants to be pleased with their purchase and price. I have had no problems with this car and love driving it. I've gone on a few long trips and had a nice, comfortable drive. It rides very smooth. I get really good gas mileage 25 in town and 33 on the highway. Go out and get this car if you are questioning it. 
Ford has built a great car. I also own a 2005 Honda Accord, and the quality of the fusion is the same or better. You get more standard equipment for the price compared to the competition. Definitely consider the Ford Fusion if you are in the market to purchase a mid-size family car.
Bought my first new car after nearly 40 years behind the wheel to take advantage of bargains. Found the Fusion to be a good fit when gussied up with a moon roof. Very well handling as two deer can testify in my first week of driving it. I expected better gas mileage than 22.5, but it gets 30 on the interstates. Overall, this is a reason I will go to Ford first when buying my next car. My previous experiences with GM and Chrysler had me looking across the ocean for my next car; a serious problem for a union man and economic nationalist.
This is my second Fusion first was an 06 SEL I4 5m, now I lease 08 SEL I4 5m with sport package. Both cars are excellent vehicles ride and drive is great, excellent room and storage. I also got the Audiophile stereo and it sounds great. My new car has Sync, this is a great option that I highly recommend. I am a mecha