Nov 4 2009 	Not as bad as I expected	If you compare this hotel to American standards, then yes I guess I would say this isn't the best place to stay for the money. But in comparison to India standards it wasn't all that bad. Maybe I just lucked out. The location was perfect in relation to the airport (domestic and international terminals). My bathroom was clean so was my bedding, the staff was responsive. I did order room service which wasn't to good, the menu was strictly vegetarian and over priced. I got much better quality and tasting food from the Shangra Lai hotel in Delhi for a little bit more money. Would I stay here again for a night...yes. I probably wouldn't for more than one night though.	
Jun 6 2009 	Don't stay !!	Wrote a mail and got reservation which included airport pick-up. No car waited. Took pre-paid taxi to the hotel, At the reception no reservation, 5 (!) people took care of us, no one said something about the mail-although I got answers from them. Gave us rooms at higher price than reserved.Later, at home, saw another mail form this hotel promising a discount on their rates which they didn't give when we checked-in.The hotel was under renovation, losts of dust, noisy working until late. Rooms dirty, sheets filthy, obvious not changed since the last guests. But at my request, new sheets were brought. Got taxi back to the airport, and they even gave us a wake-up call.All in all, not worth the money .	
May 4 2009 	Better stay at Airport	Due to unavailability in star hotels was compelled to stay in this hotel for my transit flight.Pros :Staff was good.Airport pickup and dropCons:1.Dirty Rooms.2.Mosquitoes, all varieties of insects.3.Even after 20 hrs of flight journey chose to stay awake was not feeling secure.It would have been better if I would have stayed in the transit lounge at the ariport.	
Feb 11 2009 	My worst hotel experience ever!	I had to stay one night near the Delhi airport while waiting for a connecting flight... I now know I should have spent the night at the airport instead! The room was really dirty and smelly, the bed was horrendous - the linen was so dirty, smelly and spotty that it was obvious that the linen had not been washed for ages. The towels, apparently formerly white, were brownish gray and contained samples such as hair and toothpaste from previous unlucky visitors. The shower offered cold water only and there was no sign of the internet connection which was promised at the time of booking. Over 100 euros for this crap is the worst rip-off ever - never has the price and the quality of a hotel room been so far apart! There were far more staff in the hotel than guests and all of the staff were of course waiting to be tipped (and sweared at you if you didn't) - as if the 100 euro room price was not enough for this &quot;quality&quot;! Do yourself a favour and never step into this craphole...	
Jan 5 2009 	very poor do not stay here	we decided to stay here for one night during a layover at the airport on our way back from nepal. On our outwards journey we stayed at the hotel clarke international which was amazing includidng an awesome meal too.we booked The airport hotel because we had an early morning flight and wanted to be near the hotel. After a breif web serch we decided to book airport hotel the website gave the impression or a professionally run establishment.On arrival we found the reception staff to be rude and very unhelpful. We had a late flight so we had no indian rupees to pay the bill with. They would not except us dollars or any foreign currency (weird for an airport hotel) instead I was told I would be taken to the airport to change money. in the end I was given directions on how to walk to the airport for currency exchange. Once in our room we found it disgusting I wanted to leave but we had no other options and we were on an early morning flight the next day so we decided to grin and bear it.The sight of the room still makes me want to be sick. dirty peeled wall papper. A smelly dirty bathroom. with no hot water dirty carpet and a dirty bed. with the location of the airport there were not restaurants nearby so we had to eat in the hotel restaurant. The hotel webstie proudly boasts cuisine from around the world. what the website didnot say was expensive poor vegitairian indian food. by now I just wanted to get drunk and fall asleep to end the misery. I was told by the reception I would hve to walk to the shop to buy beer the hotel did not sell beer.We were then told breakfast was part of our room package. when we went for breakfast in the morining we told we would have to pay. I dedcide to check out and that I would rather sit in delhi airport?when leaving the room we were harassed by 3 differnt members of staff for our room key so they could check our mini bar.I would not wish this place on my worst enermy please please please do not give these people your hard earned money	
Mar 1 2008	Not Recommended	Because of a unexpected layover at the Delhi Airport, it was necessay to get a quick room, which ended up being spur of the moment at the Airport Hotel Delhi. It is very close to the Delhi Airport, but the room was very basic, the shower didn't work, and it was noisy.The service was actually the best part of the overnight stay. I managed to order some coffee and toast in a pinch very early in the morning before flying out.This hotel should be used a emergency stays only, but not recommended.Watch out for very overpriced cabs that are stationed outside at the Delhi Airport. Use the pre-paid cab service from inside the terminal.	
Feb 1 2008 	Stay Away!!!!!!	Had to transit via Delhi on my way to Surat (Gujarat) and decided to spend the night close to the hotel. Worst decision of my life as the hotel was quite possibly the worst hotel that I've ever stayed in India. The bed was awefull, the room dirty and the shower full of mould. There was no proper hot water and the front door wouldnt lock properly. Would highly suggest that you look elsewhere!	
Dec 1 2007	Worst hotel ever been	High rates, bad rooms, complicated check in	
Jul 1 2008 	Bruyant		
	a decent hotel in an interesting part of Delhi	If you are wanting a good basic hotel at a good price offering decent accommodation, inexpensive restaurant, internet access and situate in an old part of the city then the Ajanta does nicely. They offer free transport from the airport (24 hours) which is very handy when you are a first time visitor to India. The onsite Bureau de Change is an added bonus. Street noise can be a slight problem until into the early hours.	
	great hotel true value for money	its a great hotel excellent staff very friendly and helpful, rooms were clean n tidy and very close to public transport will go back to same hotel whenever will be visiting delhi again	
Nov 26 2009 	Overpriced- What a Rip Off	I stayed at Ajanta with my spouse and another relative earlier this month. The hotel is 15 mins by rickshaw to Connaught Place and is on a very busy and interesting street. We booked the family room and were quite astonished that the actual room was nothing like the pics on the hotel website.Those pictures are misleading. We were put in a ugly windowless room which is not up to international standards at all. The bathroom was not impressive also. The night when our relative arrived to join us, we were taken by the Ajanta staff to a hotel at the back of Ajanta and told that we needed to check in again. This was quite confusing and uncalled for. We had to be rude and grab our bags back and walk back to Ajanta''s front building.Like previous travellers who commented on this hotel, we were also offered tour packages. We were told that the price for just a driver from Delhi to Agra and Jaipur and back to Delhi would be £220 for 3 persons. Luckily we decided to visit the Incredible Travel Centre Office in Connaught Place before making any decisions and were shocked to be offered a package of £160 per person for a week trip to Delhi,Agra, Jaipur and Pushkar. This price included all hotels, taxes,driver, breakfast etc. We immediately accepted and checked out of Ajanta the next day never to return for the duration of our trip and I dont think ever to return again. Probably the best thing about this hotel is the restaurant which serves good food;yet it was very pricy compared to other hotel restaurants which had higher standards with cheaper but good food.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone . The staff whould also try to make the atmosphere at the hotel relaxed. We felt uncomfortable every time we came to he reception area because staff seemed so distant and unfriendly.	
Nov 23 2009 	value for money	good. user friendly clean hotel. rooms need to be more airy.	
Nov 21 2009 	Don't stay here	Don't stay here. They constantly wanted to sell us tours etc even when we had said that we preferred to make our own plans. My husband was using the internet and was looking at a hotel in another city, when one of the staff came up behind him said &quot;that place has no running water&quot; which was completely untrue, we stayed there and it was beautiful, plenty of running water, clearly the hotel gets a commission from sending people to other hotels which did not include this one and they are prepared to lie to you.. I also had the misfortune to leave my mobile phone in the room when we went away for a day. Luckily I got it back but a call had been made to a number I did not recognise. One day one of the staff knocked on our door saying that we should have checked out by now when we had already pre paid for that night and the following night so they were very disorganised as well. I have never posted a negative review before but I think people need to know what they are getting in for when they stay here. I could go on and on with bad points about this place...	
Nov 20 2009 	Require improvement	Positives:- Close to New Delhi railway station- Above average restaurant. Good value prices. (For dinner only)- Air conditioning works- Service OK. Didn't have much trouble with the tour manager.Negatives:- Website photos are misleading. There were no proper windows in my deluxe room.- Sheets provided not particularly clean- Bathroom not clean (see photos attached), cracks on the bathroom wall- Lift wasn't working on day 2- No hot waterConclusion I paid around INR 3000 per night for a deluxe room, it just didn't feel right. Should have paid less for a budget hotel, or pay more at a quality hotel.	
Nov 18 2009 	Good hotel in not so good area	The pickup from the station was rather badly organised - 1 car for seven people so we had to wait for a second car! Hotel is in the Para gang area of Delhi - not all taxi's rickshaws will go to the area! This is ok as long as you know in advance. But the area is being redeveloped - it had changed enormously in 2 years so this may change.The deluxe rooms are good - large clean and well equiped - but it is rather noisey. The staff are helpful. Breakfast is not included and the attached resturant is slow.	
Nov 10 2009 	Get a Rough Guide to India or Read the Trip Advisor	We started our journey at 4.00am on friday morning...at arrival to New Dehli, plane was delayed an hour....driver was waiting...no problems....reached the hotel at approximately 2.10am - we all were shipped into a small room to check in and also payments for our stay was requested immediately...after sending a number of e-mails for explainations on the rates a price was agreed however we were overcharged - okay payments were made without arguments - we finally went to sleep at 3.30am....my 14year old son was exhausted - next morning at 9.45am - phone rang - office manager wanted to know how we were.....at this point we felt we had to get up and go down. ..10.30am we went downstairs - we hadnt even reached the final step when the office manager greeted us and took us straight into her office to discuss our interniary and what our plans were...at this point, we were still jet-lagged, my son wasnt feeling very well - he also was hungry as well - none of this was taken into consideration...we were bombarded with questions - we had to tell her we need to think about what we want to do - if we asked any questions she would reply and then say I told you so or I have already told you - which confused us more - the service in the breakfast area was very poor - no one explained what breakfast was available....we didnt like Ajanta at all and wouldnt recommend it to anyone - we stayed at a reputable Hotel in Mumbai and the same brand hotel was only x2 doors way, if I had know, I would have rather spent my hard earned money there than Ajanta...we went to Ajanta because of the Lonely Planet reviews however, we felt, because, perhaps we were Indians, we were been exploited in the hotel as well as out...the manager told us not to trust anyone outside yet we felt we couldnt trust anyone in or out...rather take out chances out then in the hotel..we stayed at a number of other different hotels in India and Ajanta was the worst....it was all money, money money, I am in the process of writing a complaint letter to Ajanta Hotel ..I am not expecting a reply...they have our money....they dont need to reply....	
Nov 8 2009 	This hotel is NOT safe for single females!	At the beginning of October my sister, a single female traveller about to arrive in India, called this hotel on two occasions from the UK and requested a room booking for the night of her arrival in Delhi. She spoke to two separate members of staff, both of whom assured her that a room had been reserved for her. She then followed this up with an email to the hotel. She requested an airport pick up, gave her flight details and was assured also that this had been arranged.On arrival at the airport in the early hours of the morning, she found no-one from the hotel waiting to pick her up. On telephoning your hotel to ask about the transfer, she was told that her room had been given away to a party of guests who had arrived and requested a five day stay. The person she spoke to seemed to think it was perfectly reasonable not to honour her reservation merely because a more lucrative booking had presented itself.My sister was thus stranded, alone, in Delhi, in the middle of the night. She was taken to an office of touts by a taxi driver, who forced her to pay a very high price for a five-hour taxi transfer to Rishikesh.I wrote to the hotel and asked for an explanation but no reply has been received. I therefore do not suggest that you stay at this hotel, as it doesn't seem to value customer service or reliability at all.	
Oct 30 2009 	excellent value for money	well run hotel, nice and clean rooms, excellent restaurant, reasonable prices, good location close to New Delhi railway station, its really worth the money.We will chose it again and also recommend it to our friends.	
Oct 30 2009 	the hotel does not honour its commitment	We reserved luxory rooms 4 weeks before arrival, but they didnt have such rooms for us. Other hotels nearby give same kind of rooms and service for half of the price.	
Oct 29 2009 	Good hotel-great location	I travelled to Goa and Agra this year and must say India Rocks. We landed in New Delhi and stayed at Hotel Ajanta. What a great location! Right in the heart of the city. We walked to Connaught Palace-the downtown of Delhi on several occassions. The Hotel on its own was so self sufficient. Room service was good. I personally enjoyed the chicken dish at the Hotel's Restaraunt. The driver of the hotel cab that we took to Agra was friendly and knew a lot about Agra. The Taj mahal was awesome.	
Oct 27 2009 	terrible hotel high price	room dirty and old, water stops, very high price.not recommand	
Oct 20 2009 	Typical Indian exuberance outside helpful staff peace and quiet inside: best of both worlds	I stayed in the Ajanta Hotel in Delhi for several weeks in 2006/2007. It was an unusually enjoyable experience. The hotel is close to New Delhi station, where the special ticket office for tourists is located, and to Main Bazaar, a huge shopping district where everything under the sun can be had. The Ajanta Hotel is in a street which is teeming with typical Indian life, something that genuine travellers usually want to experience, while at the same time offering an oasis of quiet, order and cleanliness, which Westerners also often want in order to recover from the usual Indian exuberance and noise. Staying there therefore gives you the best of both worlds: Indian life and divine chaos on your doorstep, and safety and quiet inside.You could not have the same experience if you stayed in one of the super-expensive luxury hotels, which are located in areas and enclaves which are &quot;sanitised&quot; to such an extent, that no ordinary Indian is allowed in (&quot;no Indian life is here&quot;), and where you might as well be in a similar hotel in New York or London. Apart from the general cleanliness, which is a feature worth stressing in all hotels which do not charge the earth, I found the staff extraordinarily friendly and helpful. This is true of all their reception staff, who soon know you by name, and of the people providing various services, like the cyber café (where the guy in charge went to great lengths to be helpful.Wonderful staff is there to give you advice on anything under the sun: how best to travel to various parts of Delhi, how to avoid being overcharged by taxi drivers, where best to go to for buying specific items, how to cope with the language, and how to solve any other problems you might have. I was impressed by one woman in particular: Take one look at her and you know you can trust her - unlike the many crooks and spivs with whom the tourist is soon surrounded in other parts of Delhi.This is much more than I had the right to expect in any but the most expensive and exclusive hotels. But this one is NOT expensive and NOT exclusive. I noticed that it is used by backpackers, by business people and ordinary tourists alike, young and old, from all nations under the sun, and they all seem to be happy together.The charges are very reasonable by Western standards and for the comfort that is on offer.There is also a restaurant in which splendid cuisine is on provided and which is frequented not only by hotel guests but also attracts people from other parts of Delhi.I am very grateful for having been allowed to stay there and was lucky to have, by sheer accident, discovered this hotel in the first place. I hope these wonderful people, staff and leaders alike, will continue to prosper.Klaus BungBlackburn, UKw: http://tinyurl.com/prtd5ce: klaus@rtc-money.co.uk	
Oct 20 2009 	Feeling very safe as a women travelling alone	This hotel makes you feel very safe in a big city as Delhi is. The pickingup from the airport is reliable and very fast and comfortable. Rooms are big and clean. The best you can get for little money!	
Oct 20 2009 	amazingly friendly and helpful staff a greta value hotel	we stayed at this hotel 5 times during our 6 week holiday to india, it was a perfect stop off when travelling accross the country and was such good value for money that it made sense. You can be guaranteed a clean and quiet room for the night and a superb dinner in the restaurant (although give breakfast a miss). Mrs Ravi in particular was a great help when organising trips to rajistan and she also helped when I had a an ear infection.	
Oct 16 2009 	Terrible hotel	One of the worst hotels i ever stayed in, don't even know where to begin..First they couldn't find my reservation so they put me in a room on ground floorfrom where you can hear people on the street screaming while you are taking a showercause window can't be closed.After when i asked about some restaurants and shopping places, people from hotel saidnothing of that is working but they know very fine place to eat.. Probably some comission deal.I can go on and on...	
Oct 15 2009 	2ND worst hotel I stayed in	I went to India for 2 weeks in Sept. Traveled to Mumbai, Ahmadabad, Jaipur, Jaipur, Agra and Delhi. HOTEL AJANTA WAS THE 2ND WORST HOTEL I STAYED IN! (the winner was Hotel Sheila in Agra)The room charges are excessive for what you actually get. The hotel charge for every little thing i.e. internet access, breakfast etc (almost all hotels i stayed in offer this and more complimentary).The pre-paid taxi is overpriced, the tours they offer is overpriced and they insist on only taking you on the tourist trail i.e. where they want you to go (and this always includes the tourist handicraft shops).The photo's on their website is nothing like what you get. The rooms are dull, most have no windows, some spit stains on the wall.I travel to India twice a year and have been doing so for around 4 years now, my experience is the good hotels won't take payment until you check out; whereas the poor ones always as for full payment in advance (this hotel asks for payment in advance).My advice would be to skip this hotel and pick one of the 20 hotels on the same road. I believe as Hotel Ajanta are in all the guide books their standards have slipped considerably and feel they no longer have to go that extra mile for their guests.	
Oct 14 2009 	Not worth the room rates charged	Stayed here for 2 nights. It was not a very comfortable stay in comparison to the room rates we paid.1) Found the room a bit small -- the double bed occupied the entire space.2) The water pipes were leaking in the bathroom3) The room key did not work one afternoon. So we were stuck outside our room for almost an hour while the carpenter tried to get the door open.4) While checking out, the credit card machine was not working. My husband ran around for 30 minutes in search of an ATM and we paid by cash. So I would suggest others to have enough cash handy during checkout.Good points:1) The drivers associated with the hotel are polite and friendly.2) Near the New Delhi railway station	
Oct 12 2009 	Good comfortable choice for Paharganj	We stayed in a family room (2 adults and 2 kids) and a junior suite (2 adults). A friend of ours checked out all mid-range hotels in the area (in advance) and picked this one for its cleanliness and space. The family room was reasonable. It was a good size with 2 double beds (one of them circular which the kids loved), although without any windows it was a bit musty. The bathroom was OK - about what you would expect from a budget place (clean but old). The junior suite was done nicely with effort made and a better bathroom. The best part about it was it opened out onto a terrace which was great for enjoying a drink in the evening. Our main complaint was that there is a switch for the electricity outside the bedroom and someone came and switch off both rooms in the middle of the night (i.e., so we woke up with no fan / AC and hot!). Overall, Ajanta Hotel is a good choice for this area of Delhi. Just beware that despite its proximity to the railway station it can still take quite a while if you get stuck in traffic!	
Oct 10 2009 	An oasis in Delhi!	For those travelling in a mid-range or budget scheme, the Ajanta is a wonderful suitable option combining reasonable prices with good services regarding to food, connectivity, security and travel assistance - look for Mr Manik at the travel desk! -	
Oct 4 2009 	Very nice hotel and helpful staf	I stayed 6 nights at Ajanta and had a very nice stay. The staff was very helpful and even helped me with Indian simcard to my mobile. The pictures on websites are better than in real, but ex deluxroom are very nice.Arrangement made by the travel agency City capital was excellent.Next time, if there is any, I definitive will stay at Ajanta.Jörgen KjellgrenGothenburg, Sweden	
Oct 3 2009 	Comfortable first stop in India airport pickup a welcomed start	We stayed 10 nights. We booked the accommodation through an online agent with a special offer for airport pickup. Our flight arrived in New Delhi at 3am, and sure enough, the driver was waiting for us with a clearly marked sign. It was a pleasant drive in and made for a good start. Upon arrival and check in we were offered a cup of tea - nice touch. Our room was a semi deluxe, with a large bathroom. Staff were friendly. Guest needs to initiate requests. The hotel is located within walking distance of the New Delhi train station and there are some eating places along the street as well as a hotel restaurant - we suggest the vegetarian meals.	
Oct 2 2009 	My Trusted Hotel since 2000	was back for the 4rth time had a blast in delhi and great 2 days at your place,many diferent people new rooftop nice suite rooms and thanks for giving our upgrade ,my wife and I appreciated every thing the hotel and staff did for us,will be back next year same time .Special thanks to the reception staff for helping us book our flights and tickets onwards.	
Oct 1 2009 	Dishonest staff and misleading photos on website!!	Pretty appalling. Tours salesman pretty nasty and especially so when he found out we booked tours with someone else (better at half the price - try the Tourist Info centre in Connaught Place area - it should be marked on any tourist map - ask for Mustafa). BEWARE - this has a &quot;sister&quot; hotel, The Hotel Delhi City Centre . We originally booked there after looking at the photos on the internet, but the photos were of the Ajanta. The Hotel City Delhi City Centre was a real dump, nothing like the photos and when I challenged the staff they lied to my face several times. I had a look round and had to threaten to leave to get them to move us to the Ajanta. In summary, it's a cheap hotel and we eventually got what we paid for after pushing pretty hard (I'm 6'2&quot; and don't take any crap, so I don't know what they would be like with less assertive people), i.e. fairly clean but quite shabby rooms, noisy aircon etc. My advice is DON'T buy tours there, DON'T touch the mini bar (especially the water) and don't expect too much after seeing the website photos of the rooms!!	
Sep 27 2009 	Not welcoming and first impressions last......	We booked at Hotel Ajanta prior to arrival in India, it had mixed reviews but so did most of the Hotels in Delhi. A plus point for us was the free airport pick-up (which was fine). We got to the Hotel at about 5am after many hours travelling. The staff were unfriendly and after filling out the forms (which we felt they could have done later) they wanted payment up front. When we produced Rupees they wanted to know where we got them from, how much was the rate and if we had the receipt. We pretended we couldn't find the receipt and were a bit shocked at how in our face they had been about it. The room was semi-clean, and it had toilet paper etc, but no hot water. We also had no window in the room, except into the corridor.The worst part of the Hotel was the tour manager at the office downstairs; very pushy and in your face every time we walked in and out of the Hotel. We nearly took one of their tours (naivety showing through) until we met up with a friend (of a friend) in Delhi who told us that the Hotel had been in the papers recently for scamming tourists with the tours.We checked out of the Hotel early in the end, and would not recommend it to anyone. There are much better places to stay, where you don't feel like your are being questioned and under surveillance.	
Sep 26 2009 	Try another one..	Ok the price and pick up service attracts you at first but.....The room was too noisy I thought I was sleeping on the street and you will not find the rooms like the photos on website..Restaurant was terrible. They say not available for everything in the menu except rice and some Indian stuff..Breakfast is so called open buffet but there was nothing at all and you can not order anything else if you need..And do not ever think about arranging a trip with them they literally conned me. When I understood it was too late and they did not even reply my emails.I paid 12000 rupees for a trip which costs maximum 8000 rupees.And they demand for cash. The cashier guy told me that &quot;this is too small money give it in cash&quot; I think India became rich..So I would not recommend to anyone..	
Sep 26 2009 	Decent Hotel	I was a little bit suspicious of Hotel Ajanta, based on some of the reviews on here. However, the hotel was perfectly fine to use as a base to explore Delhi. It was generally clean, the rooms were a decent size and the shower was warm, albeit a little temperamental. The complimentary hotel pickup was very good. The first room we were given was a bit cell like as it was small, had no window and the bathroom looked a bit grubby but after asking, the staff were happy to move us to the slightly bigger room next door where there was a window and a better bathroom.  The hotel was a bit noisy but what can you expect from the location? Staff were freindly to us, and the lobby etc... was clean. The restaurant was fine too. Some people on this have complained about a &quot;pushy&quot; travel agent at the hotel trying to force you into overpriced tours. When we checked into the hotel we were spoken to by a friendly man in the office about our travel plans, but because we knew what we were doing, he didn't try and sell us anything (though the hotel might want to note that some people on this website have found this approach a bit pushy and unwelcoming.) Overall I enjoyed my stay at the Ajanta and would recommend it as a budget place to stay in Delhi.	
Sep 18 2009 	Not a guest friendly hotel	Please carry cash at the time of check out (credit card is not accepted in this hotel) else you will have to walk for five minutes to take cash from ATM and pay your bill.	
Sep 17 2009	Ajanta Hotel was clean and hospitable in an impeccable location.	We appreciated our clean, cool room in the hot season, and the friendly, helpful staff. This hotel has a lovely view of the Taj Mahal from the rooftop eating area, and the car and driver we hired to drive to Jaipur and back to Delhi were comfortable and clean. This was an excellent value and we would not hesitate to stay there again. We were a party of three adults traveling together, my husband and me and my sister-in-law.	
Sep 13 2009 	Much improved from the first time I stayed	I have stayed at the Hotel Ajanta on 2 occasions, The first was not a good experience however this was maybe because I had not prepared for the differences in lifestyle and other things. I felt pressured to take taxi's everywhere and lost money doing so but I decided to give it another go and returned.This time I found it much easier, the food was very good, the service was excellent and yes the rooms were a bit noisy but its New Delhi!!!I would recommend this hotel as its a really good place to chill out whilst aclimatising to this beautiful country.	
Sep 6 2009 	Ok but I'm sure there are better options for the same price.	Our stay at Hotel Ajanta was fine, but the hotel isn't especially nice. The staff were at times a bit rude and also quite pushy to arrange trips/trains/activites for you. The food was ok but the restaurant wasn't a nice place, although one night we ate on the roof and that was better. Our room had everything we needed but wasn't very well kept. The location is quite good, as it is very close to the New Delhi train station. Basically it's fine for a place to sleep and an ok option, but maybe look around for a better option first.	
Sep 1 2009 	Nice rooms noisy location good for a budget hotel	We had a really spacious room, but was at the front of the hotel. It had very thin windows, so little sleep was had, as the hotel is located in the 'flea pit'/backpacker area', Pagarhni, of Delhi. The travel agent man within the hotel, is a good saleman and booked us 5 day trip with a driver around Rajasthan. overall a good hotelshort stay, but I wouldn't stay in Delhi too long anyway!	
Sep 1 2009 	A good place in the heart of New Delhi	A clean and quiet place in heart of New Delhi within walking distance from New Delhi railway station. The bustle outside is not affecting the stay inside the hotel. The rooms are clean and maintained. The restaurant seems to be good though I could not use the same due to my itinerary. The room service is OK but the time taken for service can be improved upon. The hotel offers one free pickup / drop from / to the airport. The hotel is reasonably priced.	
Aug 26 2009 	Nice and safe hotel in Delhi	I stayed at Ajanta hotel in several occasions. The staff are friendly and helpful, they help you organize your trips, you get safe taxis, good advice on travel. It has 24 hr room service and hot water. It is a government approved hotel, that means that you are safe in there. The restaurant has good food, you have breakfast buffet, which is very delicious. It is good value for the price. The location is also very convenient, it is very close to New Delhi railway station and to the Paharganj commercial area (you can go by walk) You can take an auto to Connaught place as well and it is quite close. A good and friendly place to stay in Delhi for a good price!! Plenty of foreigners choose this hotel as well.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great experience at an amazing cost	Oe has several apprehensions about booking hotels from another city. BUt what I saw on the net is what I experienced on reaching Ajanta Hotel.The ambience and the staff at this hotel - Hotel Ajanta make you feel welcomed and the comfortable stay thereafter is worth mentioning.Highlights would be the cleanliness and the prompt service. After a hard day's work it does make a difference when you enter a good, well kept, clean room. And then when you need something extra, it reaches you promptly. I would be making this review incomplete if I did not mention about their food. Give this place a try. You will come back	
Aug 24 2009 	Excellent Value for Money	It is really great value for money hard to explain in words. The staff is very helpful and what to say about the location it is just perfect. I had no problems at all, and being my first trip ever to Delhi i really needed a lot of guidance for what places to see, what to eat etc and staff gave great suggestions and helped me get around the area.	
Aug 20 2009 	Its an excellent hotel with great service location and value for money	We really enjoyed our stay, the staff was very helpful and provided great service. It is centrally located so makes it easier to move around the city. The rooms are clean and very good. All in all, i would recommend the hotel.	
Aug 19 2009 	Service at great rates!	I had the pleasure staying at the Ajanta on a business trip in feb and have to stay the staff is way better than any of the large chains in country. any time I needed something it was there in minutes which is tough in India. a must stay!	
Aug 18 2009 	Bait and Switch	I am not sure how this hotel has rated 3 stars. Maybe it is the low prices, but this was not a pleasant stay. When we arrived we were shuffled off into a small room where we were told that they had no rooms. However the hotel in the rear of the building had rooms. We were logged into the books of both hotels, evidently as proof should we complain on [--] where we placed the reservation that they did not honor the booking. I believe these are the same hotels as tehy both use teh same systems and the same credit card machine located in teh Ajanta. The Hotel is in the nastiest part of town and has a club next door that plays very loud music well into the night. The picture of the front of the building is definitely photo shopped.	
Aug 10 2009 	Don't let the photos fool you.	It's a budget hotel and that's exactly what it is. It's a good budget hotel but their webiste seems to fluff things a little too much. So LOWER your expectations as in way way low if you want to stay there. When I was checking in there was a big group of rather unfriendly guys, it felt like some local government office rather than a guesthouse. And then another Indian guy kept asking me to follow him out of the hotel, I didn't know what's going on, some other guy has my passport.... it was a mess. They didn't scam me or anything, but having just just arrived to Delhi, this sort of disorientation at the place you are staying isn't ideal. I made two reservations, one for when I arrive and another at the end of the trip. I cancelled the second reservation.That was my experience and I stand by my word.	
Aug 5 2009	Good Location Rooms 	we Went with my own tour group had 10 of us occupying 5 rooms ,the staff knew what everybody wanted and we all had a great 2 nights here at ajanta ,this is right next to everything and a great location we booked this through sanfred travels and was a good decision.They serve food 24 hours a day which was great but yes we overate ,they have awesome balcony rooms overlooking the city and easily the best looking hotel in the area.They gave us an upgrade on our return from udaipur which was a welcome surprise.Kudos to ajanta hotels	
Jul 26 2009 	warm drinks	we stayed in July 2009 in this hotel. We occupied two rooms, one single and one double.The single had no window ! Room price 40 $ !The double had a fridge which did not work. After complaints some housekeeping boyscoming three times to look after but without success !So we ordered cola which came warm, same with mineral water. Not to forget the beer,They told us to go outside for a cold beer, but this also never came.A special service was a small bucket with ice cubes for 30 Rs !!The hotel has a nice roof top restaurant but what a sense without cold drinks ?After one night we checked out and went to the neighbouring Grand hotel which wasreally great.	
Jul 24 2009 	Mrs. Ravi Kher Again	This is the best hotel in the Pahargonj Area mainly in the Arakashan Road. The hotel arranged free transfer for us from the airport at midnight which was an excellent service.I visited Delhi in July. The weather was very hot with scorching heat. My son got high fever after arriving at Delhi and we had to stay in the Hotel for three days for his nursing. But we found the hotel very comfortable to do that. We stayed in 3 different rooms in the Hotel in a span of five days. 404, 215 and 319. Except 215 the other rooms were excellent. I should mention the name of Mr. Gautom whose cooperation we cannot forget.Lastly we would like to mention the the name of Mrs. Kher who arranged an excellent tour for us to visit Ajmer, Pushkar, Jaipur and Agra. Before the tour me and my wife asked her to give us comfortable vehicle and hotels, since my son was sick. She showed us the photos of the hotels in her computer. But we were a little bit afraid. She promised that all the arrangements would be as committed. During the tour we found nothing to complain to her. Rather my Father in Law joined us from Jaipur and Mrs. Kher arranged an additional room in Jaipur and Agra immediately. Again she arranged a good vehicle for us to tour Delhi in eight hours. I would highly recommend Mrs. Kher if anyone wants to tour from Delhi to other cities. She knows the customer need and keeps her commitment.I would also recommend Hotel Ajanta if anyone wants to stay in the Pahargonj area.	
Jun 30 2009 	MRS KHER	I had a very good stay in the Ajanta Hotel. I could recommend this Hotel to everybody. The staff is very nice and helpful, they are always smiling. :-)I also like to recommend Mrs. Kher (Travel agency managerin in the hotel, [--]) and to thank herShe organized my trip very well and I felt alsways very, very safe. I (women, 32) travelled alone. It was very nice and very safe. Thanks Mrs. Kher.I hope to come back soon :-)See you and enjoy itGreets from SwitzerlandSeraina	
Jun 26 2009 	Highly recommend	I was in Delhi last year for a quick business trip and wanted to find something centrally located and economical. I had never stayed at Hotel Ajanta before but was pleasantly surprised with the customer service and the room. The staff was very friendly and the room was very well kept, the linens were clean and crisp. Overall a great experience for the price. I would highly recommend it.	
Jun 25 2009 	budget hotel	I stayed at this hotel a couple of times with my husband as we had to transit in Delhi. The first time we saw the hotel, I was really worried. I have never back packed before and the hotel was in a very crowded area and I really did not like it at all. However, as I was with my husband, I did not mind it too much. But do not believe the photos you see on their home page! The rooms were not too bad. They were quite spacious. When our flight was postponed, we stayed an additional night and they upgraded us. However, I thought that the semi-deleuxe room was better than the upgraded room!! Also, I am not so sure about the staff at the front desk. Some of them are nice but the others... I am not so sure! On my last stay I met a lady at the front desk and she seemed quite nice. The rooms could be a bit more clean. We decided not to stay here again when it took us nearly 2 hours to go to the hotel from the airport and at the end of a long travel, we were not too keen to go to some crowded place! But I think it is ok value for money (given that most hotels in Delhi are quite expensive).	
Jun 19 2009 	Safe and very Friendly	They made arrangements for me to be picked up from the airport &amp; gave a nice meal at 3 am at night and woke me up the next day with the breakfast ready as per my request in the email i had sent them earlier. The hotel staff spent time to answer all my questions and helped me with all my queries. I will definitely be back whenever i am in New Delhi next time.	
Jun 9 2009 	Tickets travel and holliday thanks to hotel ajanta in new delhi	Myself and nelson and kelly from stellar trip management in the usa planned our journey to india and nepal with tickets to india plus our stay all with hotel ajanta ,being travel professionals we know we can be a pain when were travelling but we as a 3 team would encourage via this review whoever is behind the ajanta operations and say You guys delivered fantastically (if thats a word) we are your clients for Life !Very professional extremely hard working Team ....They did however take their sweet time to check us in but we reckoned security protocols are better adhered to than not ...Will be sending you a written recomendation soon	
Jun 2 2009 	sophisticated and affordable!!	Ajanta hotel is one of the best places to stay in Delhi. Not only is it cost effective but the ambience, food and the service is superb!! Definitely recommend it to everyone to choose this as their first preference to stay in Delhi.	
Jun 1 2009 	As a single woman I needed a safe and relatively cheap place for a few hrs in the middle of the night	I got into Delhi at 12:30AM and Delhi as a city has a horrible reputation for the safety of single women. I was greatly relieved to see the hotel arranged driver was waiting patiently as my flight in was delayed for over an hour. The only glitch was even though I had paid via cleartrip.com, the hotel guys said I had not made payment. However, I was able to connect to my bank and the call centre people spoke to the hotel receptionist and convinced him that my card had been charged. I was leaving at 4 the next day, so spent only about 3 hrs in my room, but it seemed a perfect fit for my specific need. The staff was very curteous and the room and bathroom was clean.	
Jun 1 2009 	Convenient location and great service.	We spent four days at Ajanta enroute to Europe and found this budget-priced hotel a great bargain with clean rooms and hospitable staff. The location is very central and the hotel provides good guidance and transport for city tours. We found other facilities such as free Airport pick-up,Internet, Licensed Foreign Exchange Bureau very useful.All in all we had a very pleasant experience and would look forward to return here on our next trip to India.	
May 20 2009 	Terrible experience	I booked a twin room in this hotel for 2 days via telephone (thats one way of booking this hotel). But when I finally reached there with my foreign friend, they said they cannot let us stay in one room if there is no relation. I tried to argue but there was no use. They shifted us to another hotel instead. The location of the hotel-Paharganj, is terrible too, no decent restaurants or cafes there. The food in hotel's restaurant is also very average. Overall, an experience woth forgetting.	
May 20 2009 	Clean friendly hotel for a great price	Stayed here for a weekend in Delhi. Location was good and central for sightseeing.We booked cars from the reception for both days - rates very very reasonable. Both drivers were reliable &amp; informative and the cars were in good condition.Only ate breakfast in the restaurant which was fine.Room was clean and bed was comfortable.Security seemed very good.For a tourist hotel it ticked all the boxes and was perfect for a weekend which was more about sightseeing than spending time in a hotel.	
May 13 2009 	4 Star rooms 3 star service and 2 star pricing	working for a leading international hotel chain I write reviews all the time on all hotels that i stay at ,this holiday trip of mine started with the ajanta hotel in delhi.Ask them for an upgrade and they mostly oblige and I wanted to mentally challenge their every claim so went to order their butter chicken which they claim is the best in town and I was blown away super delicious served with these indian naanaz.All in all a friendly stay everybody always willing to talk help lend solution t every issue i might have even though sometimes i didnt ask for it.I will surely recomend this hotel to everybody looking for great rooms and great food on a limited budget.	
May 11 2009 	GREAT LOCATION FRIENDLY SERVICE	For the Budget traveller with a long stay in India ...all in Hotels...this one really fits the Bill..Real value for money and easy access to everywhere in Delhi and the Railway Station on its door step.	
May 10 2009 	Never Ever Coming Back first impression was worst	I made a resrevation on Phone and I was told they will provide me Pick up and drop pff at teh airport so I cancelled another reservation which was near the airport. Pick up was horrible took time to get to Hotel then I was told at teh check in they provide one way only as either pick up or Drop off, have I been told on the phone when I made reservation I could have used Drop off as I had my car for the that time. They forced me to pay for the Airport drop off, its not matter of 400 , its matter of giving fasle information!!!So I will suggest dont rely on what you are told on phone get a written confirmation for everything and More over Dont even stay here , Airport hotels are much better, safer and more customer oriented , If it was any other hotle they could have accpeted thier mistake and provided the tranport as it was their fault of giving wrong information.Their Resturant is said to be AC but not worth sitting there its always hot some how	
May 8 2009 	Cant wait to go again	My girlfriend and I are architects and arrived in delhi and found The ajanta to be an amazingly built property with rooms which are so royal exactly what tourists would love,later we saw other hotels and realised that this hotel looks like the grand imperial hotel in delhi from inside and its rooms except its smaller much smaller and one fourth the price,I sincerely wish they would offer rooms with a view but I guess delhi doesnt have any real views to see.All in all great service and excellent rooms Will be back	
May 5 2009 	Good friendly for the Price n amenities	Its safe and reliable it is and that its a family run professional hotel and u took a tour to rajasthan and felt safe as they had a person in each city to help u and ensure u have a great trip... Car used for the 15 day trip was very comfortable and all hotels booked were carefully picked later learnt that they are recommended in all guide books for this travel agency called capital city travels ... I would however suggest that they should serve more sandwiches and other easy snacks etc rather than only restaurant food .,All in all good	
May 4 2009 	The perfect hotel for your stay in Delhi	Hotel Ajanta, has been used by my family and friends since 2005. The service provided by the staff has always been excellent. I have personally booked three tours of The Golden Triangle with them and recently booked a trip for my parents who stated that Hotel Ajanta made their trip a memory they will never forget. The hotel is very well run and the facilities are more than adequate. The restaurant in the hotel provides some of the best Indian food I have had in India. You can simply sit at home in front of your computer and plan your trip of India with Hotel Ajanta. They have never let my family or friends down. I strongly recommend staying in this hotel, and definitely booking your tours through them.	
May 4 2009 	Wide variety of rooms	The facilities are good and comfortable with a wide variety of rooms to choose from. The rooms are well maintained. Only problem is the location which is a bit shabby.	
May 3 2009 	Mixed feelings	The hotel is located at a busy lane near the New Delhi Railway station. Thats the primary reason I chose the hotel for my three day stay. Also, they offered a pickup from the airport (free). We arrived at Delhi airport on a Saturday and the hotel driver was there at the airport to pick us up. I was slightly taken aback by the appearance of the street where the hotel is located, being very crowded, however, the hotel itself was neat and well maintained. The stay at the hotel was comfortable. However, both the restaurant and the room service lacked promptness. The food quality was average. I think its best to avoid the travel desk at the hotel. The rates are high and no where near value for money. Another negative point was the fact that they did not accept credit card for final settlement and I had to run to find an ATM to draw cash in order to make the final settlement.	
May 1 2009 	For sure worth the stay	The rooms were comfortable, staff was warm and helpful. Food wad great and is centrally located to get around the city.	
Apr 30 2009 	clean safe place to stay-good value for money	I was travelling to India with a girlfriend and was warned by several friends about the safety factor in delhi for girls. We were greeted by a friendly driver at the airport and taken to the hotel. The room service was good and the fact that there was an in-house restaraunt helped on days that we wanted to spend time relaxing. All together the stay was safe and comfortable and good value for money. I would suggest offering non smoking rooms. The staff was very warm and friendly.	
Apr 28 2009 	Defiantely Worth the trip back home :)	As soon as I arrived in the hotel, I was impressed with the warm and sincere welcome of the staff who offered to assist me in any way I needed. Check In was superb and and done so in an efficient manner.The room setup was beautiful and exceeded my expectations to a much higher level.The staff from all departments of the hotel were very professional and courteous and always had a friendly smile on their face, no matter what time of the day,	
Apr 28 2009 	Value for Money	I stayed here March 3-9 2009. Check in was quick and painless. The room was HUGE, very nice and extremely clean. With a king size bed, there was a coffee maker, microwave and mini-fridge in the room. Bathroom was very nice with a marble sink, tub, shower with extremely hot water. Plenty of towels and toiletries! TV was excellent - with an extremely good range of channels Its greatest asset is location, very close to the popular shopping places like CP and Karol Bagh. Staff were friendly, efficient and helpful even though they were extremely busy.	
Apr 27 2009 	NO VALUE for MONEY	The room was neat and clean. But the TV provided by them and NO wi-fi connection makes u feel that u entered into some low budget hotel. No doubt a bath tub will be provided but i dont know wat they xpect us to do without proper water storage in dat tub. (there was prob wid d valve n culdnt stop draining of water)Even the water bottles, chips &amp; cold drinks provided in the room are charged, nothing is complimentary. And more over the food in the restaurant is NOT at all worth that price, bad taste and bad quantity.	
Apr 2 2009 	I would not recommend this hotel to anyone	Recently I stayed at Ajanta only to be ambushed on arrival by Mrs Kher - the inhouse travel agent - who arranged for travel for the remaining time that I spent in India - on the following day I requested that all travel plans be cancelled - which I was told was not possible - but was given a reduuction of INR 21,000 of total of travel costs - After leaving New Delhi I again requested that all plans made by Capitol City Travel be cancelled - and was ignored for a few days - then to be told that yes it can be cancelled &quot;but you will loose some money&quot; - I have been back from india for over a month and still have not recieved any refund from these people - BUYER BEWARE - I thought that i was just checking into a hotel initially - not booking a holiday - I would not recommend this Hotel or Capitol City Travel to anyone - check more reviews for confirmation of this at TripAdvisor.com	
Mar 22 2009 	Nice hotel Shame about the location	This is a really nice hotel. We had a free airport pick up, the room was clean with a good shower and the restaurant was excellent. It is only a shame that it is located more in the old part of Delhi rather than New Delhi as advertised,(It is a 50Rs rickshaw ride to connaught place) which means that a white tourist is some what a novelty. Be prepared to have more stares when walking round. I dont think I would recommend a lone female traveller to stay here. The room was very noisy through out the day and night; dogs barking, horns beeping and general crowded area sounds. On the whole a good hotel.	
Mar 20 2009 	An okay choice for a short stay and for the price	We stayed at the hotel for two nights on our way to Varanasi. We organised a transfer from the airport through the hotel and we had a seamless trip and check in.We booked a room for two people and it was a little small and cramped although comfortable for a short stay. They are clean and our shower was very good with plenty hot water! A bonus in India.We were not so overly impressed by the service at the hotel. We found that their quotes for drivers, taxis and day trips were very expensive. We never really got the feeling they were trying their best to help us. This is an issue with Delhi in general and we would recommend researching tours, drivers before arrival so you have options.	
Mar 19 2009 	Ok Hotel in Delhi	My wife and I have stayed in this hotel around 4 times between January and March. The good thing about the hotel is that the prices are quite reasonable compared to Delhi standards. It is also in a central crowded area close to the Delhi railway station. If you want a quite residential area, this is not a place for you.. The room are clean and generally well maintained.. They have different types of room but more or less all of them look same. So no point in spending more money on a higher room. If you arrange with them early, they also provide free airport pick up. But during our last stay, the car didn’t come. But they provided free airport drop instead. The room service is also quite good. But my major prob with this place is that the bell boys who hung around you all the time for tips.. Sometimes it gets on to your nerve.. Although the reception is generally good, some times they can be a bit rude.. From a safety point of view it looks ok as we noticed a lot of female tourists.. However I would be reluctant to allow my wife stay here alone, as the street is quite crowded and not sure whether it is safe for a single female traveling alone. Also if you are just looking to spend one night in Delhi due to flight connection, it makes more sense to stay somewhere else close to airport..	
Mar 12 2009 	The staff made the difference	Well, I have to say that all the EMPLOYEES have been so nice with me, caring alot about my staying...and this made the difference about my journey in New Delhi, making me feel comfortable and safe like home. Rooms are not like those shown on the website (on the website you see only the best ones ..:-) :-) , so at the arrival I was not satisfied about mine and they upgraded me immediately for free in a Superior Room N. 419 (this room need a real closet, the one inside is invisible a small hole). BY THE WAY, THANK YOU EVERYBODY ESPECIALLY MR. ARVINDER. I left the hotel for 2 days going to Agra and they let me leave my 2 heavy lugguages at the hotel. Coming back I had a Standard Room with A/C n. 218 with a very good bathroom just renovated, even better than the Superior I had before. Beds are comfortable. Restaurant is nice and good, closing late at night and buffet breakfast in the morning is 200 RS. I found very useful the pick up service at the airport included in the price. There is a 24 hours Internet service, but sometimes you can have problem with lines (30 min 30RS - 1 hour 60RS) The street is very noisy, very very noisy, so bring something for your ears otherwise you wont be able to sleep.Now one thing important to say to my WESTERN FRIENDS (cause i red some bad staff reviews)......the reception sometimes is a little bit messy, crowded, people come and go and you dont understand who is a guest and who is an employee. Probably staff will stop you hundred times asking you where you go, what your plan is....etc etc ...SO, DONT BE SCARED OF IT... ..WE ALL KNOW THAT BUSINESS IS BUSINESS, it is just the indian way to do it.....in Europe we do the same only in a different way...so my advise is BE ALWAYS NICE AND FRIENDLY TO STAFF...listens to what they have to say, and their proposals, anyway remember that the last decison is always up to you...To the hotel staff I should recommend to always introduce themselves and smile to guests before jump on them... :-) :-) :-) remember that some Western people might be scared and impressioned by arriving in the hectic and caotic Delhi.....so give them time to get used of it and make them feel safe like home.	
Mar 9 2009 	Not as cheap as you would expect altogether bad value for money	The main problem with the Ajanta is that it is run by a management team that has no centralised system of communications, so that you have to record yourself anything you pay for in order to make sure that you can defend your case when they do not find a trace of your advance payment.But what I found the most suspicious about them is the way that they charge you a 10% 'service fee' on top of the usual 12.5% luxury tax tourists normally pay. This dramatically increased the cost of accomodation, making the Ajanta almost as expensive as some 4 star hotels in much nicer areas of Delhi! Funny enough, one of the manager proposed to reduce that service charge to 5% if I chose to pay in cash, which I refused. Do I smell tax evasion? Anyhow, I have never seen anywhere charge 10% service on top of your room fee, especially since porters and others employees still expect to be tipped. It is all very dodgey and I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone unless you enjoy being ripped off.	
Mar 7 2009 	Fair Hotel for just a overnight	Our permanence in New Delhi would be only for one night. We wouldarrive in Delhi the 23:00 hs and the flight to Kathmandu would be inthe following morning and we found convenient the location and the free pickup in theairport offered by Ajanta Hotel. I found the driver very easily and itwas nice welcome to New Delhi by avoiding the grounds of all the taxi hawkers attn the airport. But a good clue is to buy the pre-pay taxi at the airport that cost 230.00rupees (about of US$ 5.00). You don't have to bargain with the driver!At the hotel the room was clean. Bathroom was clean. I didn't see anycockroaches or mosquitoes. I was quite pleased with my room, number 9,outside of the building.Seemed to be an annex. Unhappily the room didn't have a window .(??)But the big surprise was when we check out and we came across a&quot;luxury tax&quot; of 12.5% and a service tax of 10%, what did of the HotelAjanta a &quot;fake 4 stars&quot;. (just in the price of course!!)What should have cost US$60.00 cost us US$ 80.00. Also they charged us 400.00 rupees for thetaxi of turn to the airport. (turist trap).If you don't have plans for the nex day take care!! It will be followed in breakfast by a personnel that had tried to sell the anycost a full day trip for any place.Very pusher!!	
Feb 27 2009 	Bad start to India trip	Having read a number of reviews I feel relieved that many experiences mirror mine. Pick up from the airport was good, but we 'paid' for that by having a small, dingy room on the first night for which we paid appx AUS$60. Taken into a room and interrogated about our travel plans. We were backpacking and didn't want a tour, but they were like a dog with a bone and wouldn't leave us be. By the time we left, we'd gotten used to ducking for cover each time we saw the travel agent lady! Extremely pushy. Extremely nosy. Extremely bad manners! We couldn't leave the hotel without someone asking where we were going and who we were meeting, and where we were going next, and where we were planning to stay. It was a terrible start to our holiday and unfortunately put us off staying in any hotel which ran a travel service as we assumed they would all be the same. Thankfully we found out later they weren't. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone and I would never stay there again.	
Feb 24 2009 	Great Customer Service - good coft stay	Overall experience was wonderful, very comfortable stay right from the pick-up till the drop back to the airport. Customer service was great and the rooms were very clean and quiet gives you a feeling of staying away from the hectic city.Great facilities like neat and hygenic food at the restaurant, Business Centre, Internet access, Shop. Good food and quick room service.. I would consider staying at the same place again :)	
Feb 23 2009 	A Traveller's Haven in New Delhi	The best mid-range hotel we stayed at in India. Good food, good company, good service, and a clean bright room. Thanks to Mrs. Kher at the travel desk for organising a wonderful tuk-tuk sightseeing trip for us. Free collection from the airport.ANNA and ANTHONY SCHLESINGER, BATH UK.	
Feb 20 2009 	Ajanta Hotel Delhi: Good place good people	Stayed at Ajanta fHotel not far from the very central Old Delhi train station or a week or so for ain international conference I attended in Delhi. Very comfortable and clean room, very happy to discover free WiFi in effect, nice restaurant on ground floor and on the roof. I upgraded to two better rooms on the last two days when my wife joined up along with a friend-couple our travelling companions from back home.Mrs Kher and all her good staff made all of us feel very welcome, and we are very glad we set up our generic post-convention tourism away from Delhi through Mrs Kher, making our arrangements upon the group's arrival at the hotel. The Chandigarh and Benares hotels, and all the Delhi and other town drivers and guides Mrs Kher arranged, were fine. We particularly appreciated that when we missed our train one early AM due to unfamiliarity and tricky &quot;helpful bystanders&quot; (touts) at the nearby railway station, Mrs Kher promptly arranged new tickets, provided us a ride back to the station where she met us and got us safely on our way.Best time to travel India in Northern hemisphere terms: mid-late fall through mid-late spring. It was terribly hot and humid when we were there mid-sept to early October. Ajanta air conditioning made a big difference; it's optional/extra but midspring through mid fall be sure to get it!	
Feb 15 2009 	Nice Central Hotel	A great central hotel near the train station and a helpful Manager Mrs Kher who organised out trip to Varanasi. The hotel is clean and the staff will get you anything you need for your rooms quickly. Mrs Kher also arranged a pick up from the train station and airport. The restuarant next door is nice food was nice aswell. The street at night was illuminated with all the hotels and travel agents names in very bright lights. All in all always agree a best price be it hotel or tours or clothes. India is an amazing place. Yet like in any country buyer beware.We went around Jaipur / agra / Ramthambore and saw a Tiger on our first cantar ride. AWESOME.	
Feb 14 2009 	Great value	It was a great value and extremely good service.	
Feb 13 2009 	Great Holiday Experience at an Affordable Price.	we went to delhi in december to attend my cousin's wedding &amp; stayed at the Ajanta Hotel. the service provided was excellent! very conveniently located near my cousin's place. We were picked up from the airport by the hotel staff for free. on the drive from the airport the driver updated us on all the new places that had opened up such as restaurants, malls, etc. very friendly &amp; nice fellow. At the hotel we were greeted by the manager of the hotel who was really helpful in helping us plan our travel itinery. we told him that we wanted to see the Taj Mahal in Agra &amp; the Fatehpur Sikri Fort after my cousin's wedding was over. Our room was really nicely done and was very clean (I'm very fussy about hygiene &amp; cleanliness). didn't expect it to be so nice considering the deal we got. the restaurant was nice too but breakfast was a bit expensive. The location too was really cool. just 5 mins drive to connaught place which is the centre point of delhi &amp; has amazing shops &amp; restaurants. Janpath was my favorite shopping haunt for handicrafts &amp; junk jewelry &amp; colorful embroidered bags. very bohemian stuff at prices that are exorbitant but you can manage to fit it in your budget by hardcore bargaining. I loved haggling with the vendors! never get to do that here in Vancouver. The highlight of our visit to India was our Agra trip. We rode to the Taj on a camel cart. Darn exciting experience. it was our First camel cart ride. The Taj is the most beautiful monument we've ever seen. the hotel arranged for a guide for us to explain the history of this gorgeous monument. Excellent guide! he was very informative and witty. the hotel guy arranged for a professional photographer who clicked our pictures very artfully. After the taj, we went to Fatehpur Sikri Fort which is a very intriguing monument. its sitiuated on top of a hill and has this massive gate that made us feel so tiny. the fort has a white marble mosque where it is believed that whatever you wish for will come true and has had visits from top celebrities and bollywood stars. huge compound but very crowded. children selling stuff really pestered us. but on the whole a great fun place to visit. the ajanta staff really made our stay worthwhile. we will definitely stay with them again whenever we visit India again and recommend this hotel to everyone! Cheers guys! Thanks a ton for making our stay Memorable!Best Regards,Rachita &amp; Gang	
Feb 11 2009 	good value!	Booking was easy, got a great price for the central location in Delhi. Near the railway station, super easy to travel outside delhi. Hotel arranged pick up from airport, got me tickets for the train to Agra, set up sight seeing around Delhi, reccomended authentic place to see. They even have their own restaurant and travel agency, which was very convinient for me. Room was nice and clean. All in all, exceptional service!	
Feb 4 2009 	Not bad... remember to haggle with Mrs Kehr!!	My girlfriend and I arrived in Dehli and grabbed a taxi straight to the Hotel Ajanta.We were both exhausted from our flight and also a bit nervous about the start of our planned 4 months of backpacking before arriving in New Zealand.As soon as we arrived, we were ushered into a little room where we met Mrs Kehr, a representative of Capital Tours.She asked us what we had planned for our 2 months in India, and we replied that we were just going to wing it.She planned everything for us.A driver called Dinesh, who was a really fantastic guy... very knowledgable, with really good English.He took us around Rajasthan, to Agra then another driver (who was rubbish) took us to Khajuraho, Bandhavgar Tiger Reserve and Varanasi.We haggled with prices a LOT... so felt that we got an average deal.I must say though her first price (which we halved) would have been a HUGE rip off.The hotel Ajanta itself was well located in Delhi. The room average sized, could have done with a paint job and not that clean... but you do get what you pay for.Overall, I would say that it was a really good place to start our experience in India!	
Jan 31 2009 	Good pick up	We booked one night through Expedia for A$52.15. My main reason for choosing this hotel was that we were arriving at 10pm on New Years Eve and the Ajanta offered a free airport pick-up. The pick up from the airport worked perfectly.Our room was clean but plain and too small. It was like a king-sized bed in a single room. There are reasonable rooms at the Ajanta but you may be lucky to actually get one. The second night we stayed there, on our return journey, was better furnished but still too small and just stank of smoking. The clothes in our bags smelt of smoke days afterwards. It was disgusting.The final room that we stayed in before flying out was better furnished and more spacious. But that was after paying for a very expensive tour that we purchased from the in-house travel agent. There are six different standards of room according to their website and I do not know the standards of the rooms in which we stayed. Whatever the initial cost of a room, that is the place from which to negotiate a better price. Everything here has the rider of 'by Indian standards' and should be negotiable.The Hotel Ajanta is in a street of hotels. It is fairly close to the New Delhi Railway Station but with the degree of difficulty in just walking down the street, you still need a rickshaw or autorickshaw to get there with luggage, or back, start from Rs20. The area is walking distance from Connaught Circle, without luggage.The restaurant is small but quite attractive. First morning there was a breakfast buffet for Rs200 which was expensive, but convenient. Another morning, at a reasonable hour, we had to walk into the darkened restaurant and tell them to open up. The food is okay and the service is 'Indian standard'.	
Jan 21 2009 	Great service!!	We were in New Delhi last month for my cousin's wedding. We stayed at the Ajanta hotel for about a week and a half, and it was a great experience overall. The staff was very polite and friendly. The lobby staff went out of their way to help us find the things that we needed around town, like finding shops, etc. I would definitely recomment all my friends to go stay there if they go to India. Thanks Guys!! - Sunny Parmar &amp; Family.	
Jan 21 2009 	awesome time	very good hotel to stay in if ur goin to delhi u have a good time goin place up north ask &amp; it will be delivered at room thats how good the service was ........ you would not have lift a pen regards nakul	
Jan 20 2009 	Constantly mislead	I arrived in Nov in Delhi with my mom. We booked Ajanta online because it was easy. As expected we were picked up at the airport. The rooms were not as nice as the photos online, at all. We arrived late so had little choice. The next morning a woman introduced herself, we later found out she ran Capital City Tours, Mrs. Kher. She asked us our plans. She made us believe she was booking trains for us and mid range hotels. The price for 2 was $1700 for 10 days, we thought it was a lot, but it was 7 am and we were in a foreign place. Next she said it was complimentary to be toured around Delhi, so we went. That was when we discovered we hired a personal driver for 6 days. He was nothing but annoying! He would only take us to places where he got commission, fed our mind with crazy stories about being poisoned and raped, and complained about his job the entire time. He also was falling asleep while driving and refused to pull over to nap. Most of the hotels were really nice, one was disgusting. He was supposed to stay with us for 6 days - but we let him go a day early because he was so obnoxious. Then we were on our own for the next 4 days- nothing included in the original $. The last day of our trip we had prepaid for an overnight train ride and a hotel in Mumbai through Mrs. Kher. Unfortunately we were in a bus accident (side note: dont take busses most of the drivers are drunk). My mother couldnt continue to travel so we began booking flights home early. We called Mrs. Kher she was super nice saying she would help us with what ever needed and she would refund us our $100 for the last portion of the trip. It is 2 months, 3 phone calls, and many emails later and we still havent been refunded. On the phone she would say check in 2 days, it just went through, I'll send you confirmation. NOTHING. She fed us with lies to shut us up, so now I am writing this so people know it is a bad business and if something unfortunate should happen they will only lie to make you happy but not follow through.	
Jan 18 2009	great hotel	Stayed here in November for 2 days- friendly, curteous staff, clean roomstravel agency in hotel was v useful and got a great deal to stay overnight in Agra travelling down by train. Incidentally, hotel is v close to the train station in delhi.would gladly recommend this hotel to friends/family staying in Delhi.	
Jan 14 2009 	What a Gem	Traveled to Delhi in December 2008 from San Francisco last minute with a few buddies and booked the Hotel on a friends recommendation who had stayed there before.I was glad to find the hotel better than expected, and great value for money compared to other hotels in the busy touristy neighborhood.The rooms were clean and spacious, Internet connectivity was great. The hotel staff was courteous, with good service and helped plan our trip in Delhi. We were also able to book tours to Agra &amp; Jaipur through the Hotel in a private taxi last minute at very reasonable rates. On the way out our flight was delayed due to fog in Delhi and missed our connection back to the states. The Hotel accommodated us last minute for 2 days and provided to and from transportation from the airport promptly in the middle of the night.Highly recommended place to stay for travelers. Thanks Ajanta.	
Dec 28 2008 	Decent hotel convenient to train station	We had a really hard time finding a hotel in Delhi but chose Hotel Ajanta for its proximity to the New Delhi train station as we had a early morning train to catch to Agra. The hotel is not in the best neighborhood but I think you could say that about most of the hotels in India. It was only a short walk to the station and was quite comfortable, save for the extremely noisy neighborhood. The best part though is probably the attached restaurant. Breakfast wasn't anything special but after a long day of sightseeing, dinner at the restaurant was superb.	
Dec 27 2008	Great Hotel in Delhi	We highly recommend this hotel!We booked our trip through lastminute.com and then found www.hotelajanta.com and organised our FREE complimentary pick up from the airport.We booked the superior room which was very spacious with a super-king sized bed, air conditioning, TV, table and chairs, kettle, mini bar (with shop price drinks &amp; snacks), shower en-suite and towels.The restaurant was lovely too - proud staff, tasty food and bargain prices!About a 15 minute walk to Connaught Place or a cheap 50R ride by auto rickshaw.	
Dec 24 2008 	Overpriced but adequate hotel	We booked a deluxe room with airport pickup before we left for India. The airport pickup went well and was appreciated since we arrived about 2 am. The deluxe room had no window and the toilet leaked. They showed us two other deluxe rooms but one had no window and the other had a tiny window however the toilet didn't leak in this room. The TV worked in both rooms. The rooms were clean enough. The restaurant was adequate but nothing special. We used their travel service to book a tour and that went well. I would recommend Capital City Travel.	
Dec 23 2008 	Not a bad hotel but noisy outside	This was not a bad hotel and the rooms were fine - though we had booked two double rooms for two couples, and one couple got a room with ensuite bathroom and double bed, and the other couple got two single beds and use of a bathroom across the hall. The hotel has a pretty good restaurant and there is a shop selling bottled water etc just across the road. The worst thing about the hotel however was the noise - I could barely sleep all night because of horns blasting and dogs barking. Having said that, a lot of the other hotels I was considering booking seemed to be on equally busy roads if not worse. The Ajanta did seem pretty expensive for what it is - we paid the same price in a smaller town (Gwalior) a few days later for a much better hotel. Having said that, the Ajanta is probably a lot better than some of the more 'budget' accommodation available and we had no problems other than the noise. The reception will also exchange foreign currency and travellers cheques which was helpful.	
Dec 19 2008 	Better than the street; good if desperate.	Needed a place for 10 hours between flights (overnight).Booked it as they had a good website (with OBVIOUSLY carefully selected angles of photos). We were exhausted and were shown a bad room in some mildew corner of the hotel. No windows, basic bathroom, sterile vibe. So, went to see another. And another. Al the same bad boring feeling. Probably worth about 7-8$ a night if not for AC. But really just a very dark place with a nice (and far too busy reception with rather dodgy people). I you have taste and are with a lady, forget about this place for anything more than one emergency night.	
Nov 8 2008 	More than adequate	Hotel Ajanta was ok with us. After reading the reviews on Tripadvisor, my wife and I were apprehensive about staying here. Well, the airport pickup went without a hitch. They claim to be close to the airport, but are more like central Delhi, about 40 minutes from the airport. The neighborhood is the real Delhi, lots of interesting stuff going on in the street. We even got to watch a performance of the Ramayana in a small park adjacent to the hotel. Staff was friendly, but we didn't book anything through the hotel. You can avoid that kind of pressure by staying on a night-to-night basis. Our Superior room was a little small but quite clean by Indian hotel standards. In retrospect, the bad reviews on this site reflect more about Indian hotels in general than Ajanta specifically. We only stayed one night as a layover and this was fine, we got a little taste of Delhi with no problems. If you’re staying for a week a more in Delhi, it might be fun to treat yourself to a fancier place for a couple nights. But considering some of the other possibilites for Delhi hotels, Ajanta is more than adequate.	
Nov 7 2008 	We really like this hotel	We have been coming to India (so in and out of Delhi) continuously over the last 10 years and now we do business out of Delhi. Having tried the very cheap (100 rupees) end of hotels and the very expensive (£50 a night) we have settled very nicely in the middle with Ajanta. We have never experienced anything other than friendly and polite service, clean rooms, excellent food in the restaurant and all our business contacts are impressed with standards too when they visit for meetings. So we give it the definite thumbs up and will continue to use as our Delhi base without hesitation. Nicholas and Laura Barwick, UK	
Nov 4 2008 	Stay Away!	My email correspondence with this hotel should have been enough warning to stay away however I persisted and put it down to lack of English communication. Upon check in we were requested to go into a room which can only be described as a customs integration office. After this lengthy process we were advised that our room was available, numerous times I asked if the room type was the presidential suite that I had paid for before arriving and the check in lady advise 'yes this room type is the one you have booked'. Upon arriving in the room and further questioning of the front office staff it was apparent that we were not given the room type requested however given one that was three or four times a lower standard. It was also very apparent that if we did not question the matter that the hotel staff was happy for us to stay in the lower room type without refunding us the difference. After a lengthy discussion at the front desk the following day, the check out person reluctantly refunded us what was rightfully ours.During our stay we found the hotel staff to all be very unhelpful and rude. The lack of communication within the front desk was very annoyning having to report the same thing to three different people. The only thing going for this hotel was the friendly driver that greeted us at the airport. If staying in Delhi I would not recommend to stay at this hotel. There are numerous other hotels along the same road that be suitable. The rooms do not look at all like the ones displayed on the internet.	
Sep 9 2008 	Booked Stayed Regretted	Ok so this is a few years ago, but still... I booked the Hotel Ajanta for my first trip to India. I figured out myself how to get there, having read up on the various taxi scams going on at Delhi Airport!The hotel itself isn't bad. The rooms are not as clean as they can be, but whatever. My problems began when I told the inhouse travel-agent that I wanted to see Rajastan. They sold me a 7-day trip with driver etc. etc. etc. Needless to say, it was a complete disaster, and after the first day I demanded to be returned to Delhi, and I got back to the hotel I demanded my money back. After some serious arguing, they caved and refunded me. So that was good. After a second terrible experience with an organised tour (with another agency) I steered clear of tour agencies for the rest of my trip.All in all, it's an ok place to stay, they're fairly honest, fairly clean, but quite expensive (700rp a night). For the rest of my time in India I never spent more than 400rp a night for a room.	
Sep 8 2008 	Fabulous	My buddy from L.A recommedned me. I came to stay here with my friends. Awesome stay. Great staff and must try out the &quot;BUTTER CHICKEN, DAAL MAKHANI (Lentils).5 Mins from Conaught Place and late night pick ups available from airport. Above all we felt very safe and comfortable. Checkout the newly renovated rooms.	
Sep 4 2008 	Among the best I have experienced	Being an avid traveller I have travelled all over the world and have stayed in hotels big and small. Staying at Ajanta was a very pleasent experience - made my trip more comfortable and memorable. Location is excellent and ameneties are at par with most botique hotels around the world. However the best part was their customer service. They took care of me and my family and made us feel at home. What better can you ask when you are in a non-familiar environment with kids. Friendly, trustworthy and eager to serve staff - man, I will definately go back there and will highly reccomend it to all my fellow travellers.	
Sep 1 2008 	Excellent service 	It's really the best hotel you can get at an affordable price, good service &amp; at a convenient location. Kudos!	
Sep 1 2008 	Amazing hotel because it's got the 'People' touch. Unrivalled hospitality.	The hotel is run by genuine, warm and caring folks who actually welcome you as more than a guest. At Hotel Ajanta, you're family. Leaving you wanting for nothing, the management and staff have the unique ability to satisfy even the unexpressed needs of their guests. Highly recommended place.	
Aug 26 2008 	The worst hotel in the world I have ever stayed in	We were constantly arguing with this cheating hotel. It ruined our holiday and cheated us out of money. DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL. On the first day it took 6 hours to check in on a pre-booked room. The room had cockroaches and they changed our room but it was missing a bed. It then took 2 hours to get the bed. They also accused us of not paying despite having a receipt and they tried to make us pay twice.As soon as you arrive they make you see the tourist lady, a lying cheat. DO NOT buy trips from her. She sold us trips which were not possible and a car we couldn’t use due to Independance Day. She tried to sell us trips totalling 20, 000 rupees (£250). Thank god we took the cheaper option. She knew the trips and the use of the car were not possible but she sold us the trips, with no conscience, to make money. She then wouldn’t give us our money back. She also constantly lied when we were trying to sort things out and constantly changed her story. She was not sorry at all for her actions. I have never met a lady as bad as this lady in my life.There are a lot of hotels in Delhi to stay in and this is not one I would recommend to my worst enemy.	
Aug 6 2008 	Tried to make us pay twice for the rooms!	We booked two rooms to stay one night at Ajanta hotel on July 13, 2008. We gave our credit card number before our arrival for payment. After staying one night and checking out, the man at the front desk asked for payment again. When we told him we had already made the payment via credit card, he said that payment hadn't gone through yet so he needed cash. When we asked what if later, after paying cash, the credit payment came through. The man said that he would refund the money back! As though we are fools. We told him we it was his look out to check about payment and that we are not fools to pay him double.He also was going to charge us for food we never ordered the night before. We only asked for mineral water. But also tried to add in some bill for food items.The front area has been renovated and so were some of the rooms. But the pictures on the website was nothing like the rooms we stayed in. It was in much more dull.The door locks with an olden style key which kept jamming.My room was very basic with small bed and a small tv. The other room with a double bed had no tv and a mini-fridge that didn't work.Please be wary when you stay here.	
Jun 1 2008	Most horrible place I've ever stayed	This hotel is a joke. Don't stay here. I know there isn't much choice in Delhi of clean, decent value places, but there has to be better than this dump. Our sheets were filthy, the staff were HORRIBLE and very shifty, waiting outside our room until we left the next morning, and the bathroom was dirty too. Avoid at all costs. Such a rip off.	
May 29 2008 	Bad Experience	I have to say that staying in this stupid hotel was the most horrible experience in my life.i stayed there in 1st week of may 2008.i was picked up by the hotel chauffer from my midnight flight (only nice thing during my stay as it was complimentary as promised) . was escorted into a smelly indica car with no a/c. (i was promised over phone that a/c car will be there for pickup and drop by a lady who talked to me).the drive was smooth. i was expecting a big hotel as for appearence from what i saw from website picture. i was driven to a road which was congested , unclean, bustling with activity even in the midnight. i was ushered to the reception.( i was supposed to be given a welcome drink as the website promised . but i was not even welcomed inside). after asking for a room the manager told me to give my icard( i have heared about iphone but icard seems to be something that i cannot discover) atlast it came to my mind that it was i-d card and so gave it to him. i was alloted a standard a/c room. the hotel ppl navigated me into a labyrinth of maze and i was given room no 303 in one corner. it was a very small room with a tv and a fridge that did not work and was meant to hold a couple of fanta bottles. the door did not have a proper secure lock so i had to use my room key to lock each time. the bed was tooooosmall to hold two ppl. and the bedsheet which was given was meant for one and to be shared by 2 people. whole night there was light from outside glowing and we heared sounds of autorickshaw pying. so didnt get proper sleep at all.the bathroom was ordinary. next morning after bath (luckily luke warm water was available) and we went into the hotel restaurant which had no south indian food items . i was forced to eat badly burnt bread and omlette with tuttifruities in it. we had planned to go out so we gave the keys to reception and asked them to clean the room. we came back in evening and asked for keys. the reception manager was fumbling coz the keys were not returned to reception after cleaning. we had to wait for 1/2 hour to get the duplicate keys. finally we had to suffer the same insomnia next night too. and the worst of all when we asked for the car to drop us in the airport we were told that only pickup was complimentary and drop was chargable at a nominal price of rs 350/-. so i hade to once again fish out money to get a car since i had to board the flight urgently. overall it was a very bad experience staying in ajantha	
May 13 2008 	Decent tourist class hotel	Checking in was an experience. We were taken to see so many people when all we wanted to do was get to our room (Trying to sell tours/excursions/flights.....do not do it....sort it all out yourself as it's much cheaper)When we eventually got to the room, it turned out to be simple, basic but clean enough. Consierge tried to sell us an upgrade when we arrived in the room, but we refused. Don't think those rooms were much different to the one we had!!! Air conditioning and ceiling fan a must India in April and we had them!!!Restaurant was good for breakfast and dinner. Buffet breakfast only available when you arrive in the morning. If you pretend to leave a full al la carte becomes available hahaha...Try it yourself!!!!!Gave us a a lovely cake for one of our birthdays when we were staying there. Would have enjoyed it more only for the dreaded Delhi Belly, but that was not their fault!!!!!Internet is available at a small cost	
May 13 2008 	Treated like a Criminal	I booked a room at this hotel with a Nepali friend before flying home. As my flight was due to leave next morning, I only reserved one room for us both as I would have to leave the hotel at 1.30am.The hotel refused to give us a room, despite the booking and the fact that there were rooms available. The reason? Apparently it was because my friend is Nepali and male and I am English and female, and there was no way they were going to give us a room together, despite the fact that I would only be there a couple of hours.It took us an hour of arguing, being stuck in an office with the staff staring at us, before we were offered a room in another hotel. We were either treated like criminals or ignored like a problem they hoped would go away.I do not think we would have been treated like this if my travelling companion had been of another nationality. This is one hotel I will never ever stay in again (not that I did) nor would I recommend it to anyone.	
May 9 2008 	Average rooms very efficient travel agency	We stayed in this hotel for two nights first and one additional night after taking a four-day trip to Agra and Jaipur through the hotel's travel agency. First night's small room was a small disappointment, since we had reserved a semi-business room. However, the travel agency manager of the hotel asked as the first thing in the morning, if we liked/disliked the room and gave us another room for the second night. It was better. The room for the last night was ok as well, but the toilet didn't flush without first pouring water in it from the bucket. Food in the restaurant was average, but there are some well worth restaurants nearby to go to.Roof top bar is very basic, but internet facilities very adequate. The hotel has currency exchange and prepaid-taxi desk and a complimentary pick-up service from the airport (worked well).The travel agency in the hotel is surely worth recommending. We got a good deal for a four-day trip to Agra (own accomodation already reserved for two nights) and Jaipur (one night accomodation in the package) including airconditioned mid-size car with a very professional and nice driver and separate guides for both cities and a one-day sightseeing with a driver in Delhi plus the last night accomodation in Ajanta. Altogether very efficient, convenient and easy. No use for trying to gather the package together on our own with bus/train tickets and the hassle with baggage.	
Mar 22 2008 	Ripped off	i, and a female friend, booked into the Hotel Ajanta before we left England. neither of us had been to India before so i checked the internet and booked our holiday on there.on our arrival in Delhi Airport we were met by a driver who took us to the hotel. that's when we faced our first obstacle. we were given a poky windowless room. after much arguing with the staff we were allocated a room at the front of the building, this was also poky but did have a balcony overlooking the street. we stayed the nights of 14th, 15th, 16th and 17th February 2008, leaving at midday on the 18th. in all that time our room was not cleaned nor the towels changed. the roof-top restaurant was a building site, with no service at all. luckily we only used the hotel as a base. on the 16th February we asked about a trip to Agra, taking a car for the day. we were quoted Rs4000, which we declined. we found a more reasonable rate across the road.we had also booked two nights, 4th and 5th March 2008, so that we had someplace to go at the end of our visit to India. on arrival on 4th March we were told they didn't have a room for us. after much arguing we were given a room, windowless, but larger than the original one. as it was for only one night (we booked for the night of 5th March but was leaving at 11pm for the airport) we decided to make do.all was well until we went to settle the bill. (we had previously heard others arguing about their bills but thought nothing of it) we ended up paying more for the two nights than we had for our original stay of four nights. as time was pressing, to get to the airport, we had no choice but to pay up. included in the bill was charges for cleaning the room twice,.. it had not been cleaned whilst we were there. When we arrived at the hotel on 4th March we had already paid Rs 1000, on enquiring what our balance was i was told Rs1460. on checking out we had to pay Rs2430. i will be returning to India late 2009 but will not be staying at the Hotel Ajanta again.am i satisfied with the hotel, would i recommend it? definitely not!	
Mar 22 2008 	Service with a scowl	Pros - Close to New Delhi train station and about a 10-15min walk from Connaught Place.Cons - Service with a scowl. This place is terrible. We've been traveling in India for 6 weeks and the Hotel Ajanta is one of the worst we've stayed at. The rooms are ok (a little pricey for what you get) though don't expect to get your room cleaned. The location is decent. The staff are generally miserable to interact with. The seem to actively dislike their patrons which makes for a rather unpleasant hotel stay. There are better places to stay in Delhi so avoid this hotel if you can.	
Mar 16 2008 	Good location reasonable price	Not in New Delhi, but close to the main railway station and on the edge of Old Delhi, this hotel offers reasonable value for money with an airport pick-up included.. The location could be a culture shock if you`ve no experience of the third world.Bedrooms can be noisy, we had a large suite which was well equipped and no problems..Breakfast was extra at 175rps but very good. There is a travel agency within the hotel.	
Mar 9 2008	scams - watch your back here	when we arrived we were told we had to check in through the travel agent, he faffed around with our voucher in reception for a while and after a night on the train then the delhi tuk tuk drivers I insisted i would check in at reception not the travel agent. The receptionist told me they were check out not check in even though the Indian woman in front of me was checking in. Grrrr, had to go back to travel agents.Fortunately he could not do a hard sell as we were not even staying all night.Room clean, windowless. All we needed. Breakfast most excellent.Travel agent came in to breakfast and was trying to accost breakfasters for a tour.Lots of people loitering around on each floor. Some sort of banging/building going on in a room on our floor''Rooftop restaurant'' a building site, did get a tea and sat on dusty chair! View goodBIG DOWN SIDE - when we came to check out, they tried to charge us again, they claimed we were checking out after 12 - no we said, we're not due to leave till tomorrow, we are checking out early. Then it was, 'where is your voucher?' we gave it you this am, we said. They said they couldnt find it, although didnt really look for it and wanted to charge us again. Fortunately we had a second invoice, though not strictly the voucher and they copied this and let us go. Surely they must have a system, ie they dont let you in your room without the voucher, It is my personal opinion that this is a deliberate scam.	
Mar 5 2008 	Average	We stayed in a presidential suite for 4 nights. The rooms are a good size, the bed is comfy and the shower is fab. You have to accept that Delhi is noisy and the rooms are not soundproofed. We only used the hotel as a base and it is central. The room was never cleaned over 4 days, but this is India! We chose not to use the hotel's travel agency finding much cheaper deals elsewhere. They did'nt appreciate this and tried to cancel our room, but we had the confirmation and they let us stay. Because of that we chose to stay in a different hotel on our return. I would stay there again and it is a fair price. The hotel pickup was fine, but they quote $20 for return to airport. Taxi's charge 400 rupee's for the journey! £5 or $10. We chose a taxi!	
Feb 20 2008 	Terrible Hotel	Please note: This hotel is advertised as New Delhi but is actually in Old Delhi.We stayed at the Ajanta Hotel for a total of five nights in early February 2006. It was our first stop on our round the world trip. We were picked up ok at the airport and immediately shepherded into the travel agency by Mrs. Shah who dove straight into her 'hard sell'. Before we knew it she had charged our credit card with 47,000 INR for a trip to Jaipur &amp; Agra that should have cost about 20,000 INR. We argued that she'd ripped us off and she gave us 20,000 INR cash back and a further 7,000 INR when we argued more with her. Despite the rocky start, we were determined to enjoy our time in this beautiful country and had two really nice days in and around Delhi with our friendly, honest driver. He tried to take us to some emporiums but we stood firm and told him that we weren't interested. He was totally ok with it and we gave him a 100 INR tip and he seemed much happier with that.Our trip to Jaipur and Agra was great and both hotels (especially Jaipur) were nice with clean rooms and good food. Of course we came into contact with scammers but the best way to deal with them when they ask you if it's your first time in India is to say 'No'. They usually back off if you are firm with them.When we returned to Delhi we had the same rubbish from the staff of the Ajanta but just ignored it and ate in other places and hailed our own rickshaws (really easy, just raise your hand at the roadside and about fifty of them race towards you!).All in all, India is an amazing place, but if you're in Delhi maybe consider staying somewhere else.	
Feb 17 2008 	Basic but OK	Our first impression was that the place and especially the street it was situated in looked seedy. The room looked somewhat tired, there was a lot of noise from the street, and a family of pigeons had made the air conditioner their nest. Apart from that, though, the room was clean, the shower powerful and warm, the bed comfortable. Breakfast at the resturant was pretty good, dinner not so good.The hotel taxi service was very good and on the first morning, one of their in-house travel agents cornered us to ask if we'd planned the rest of our two week stay in India. We decided to hear him out as he proposed an itinerary around Rajasthan for us. Since the itinerary and price sounded reasonable, we decided to go for it. It turned out to be two of the best weeks we've ever had!We had one more day at Hotel Ajanta at the end of our holiday and stayed in the same room. Somehow, the standard seemed a lot higher and the room a lot quieter than the first stay. I think after spending two weeks in India, we'd just gotten used to what seemed noisy and chaotic at first.	
Jan 17 2008 	trap trap trap	When we arrived at the airport there was no pick up service, we had to call the hotel to send a driver who was supposed to be there in 5 minutes which ended up being 2hrs. The hotel is situated in a very busy and unpleasant part of town. Although the hotel itself does not reflect the outside there were plenty of blemishes: we had to pay for the supposed complimentary driver plus the expected tip. we were then escorted directly into a travel agent room instead of check in where he proceeded to rip us off by offering outlandish prices for tours and cars. The staff expected a tip for everything (Including pointing to your room even though you already know where it is). The advertised Wi fi did not work and i heard it still wasnt working after a week. The internet was slow and did not work most of the time which frustrated the tourists there, that and the fact that they still expected you to pay for the internet that didnt work. The exchange did not have enough INR for 6000. If you are hiring a driver be aware that they will take you to emporium after emporium and if you have any specialised shopping (in our case it was a camera) they will not take you to the cheaper government stores but to the more expensive stores where thay have commision. You will save a lot of money by catching auto rickshaws and getting around on your own. Although the rickshaw drivers do exactly the same thing if you are firm they will know not to muck you around. We made friends with our driver and established a quick understanding which saved us a lot of money and time. This hotel like others i suppose, will at any cost milk tourists for their money. Although it is nice be warned, be aware and remember that doing all your travelling arrangements is possible even though the travel agent will say that it is not!! the food is good and the superior and supposed presidential suites are good (dont expect a great view like the net shows) but anything under these are very basic. Hope this helps especially the first timers to india...	
Jan 7 2008 	Dirty noisy expensive	Dirty bathroom (hairs on the floor); noisy (carpentry going on at 9.30 pm); and expensive (I estimate 500 rupees' worth of hotel for 1200 rupees). I complained about the noise and was offered a single next to the carpenters for the same price. Sour staff and expensive shuttle (not free, as indicated on their web deals). Would not negoitate, although I mentioned their web prices.	
Jan 6 2008 	Avoid This Place !!	- A lot of rooms have no window- Room rates are far too high for he rooms and service provided- We paid rooms in advance but when we arrived one room had been given to someone else so that one person in our group of 3 had to stay in another hotel which was even worse.- They tried to cheat us with the tax by trying to charge a tax on the rooms which is only applicable on food and beverages- Bed sheets were dirty and seemed not to be changed after each guest.- Roof top terrace is a place where they dump rubbish and old furniture, can’t be used to sit- We saw many other people complaining about the rooms, cleanliness and prices during our stay.- The attached travel agency is very aggressive and trying to sell their tours which are heavily overpriced. Usually people arriving in the hotel will be asked to come to the travel office straight away. We asked them to quote for a 3 days tour and got it for one third of the price somewhere else later. DO NOT BUY TOURS AT THIS PLACE!!!- I can clearly say that I am not going to put a foot again into this hotel and can only recommend avoiding staying there.	
Jan 6 2008 	Not great	I think the only way to describe this hotel is disappointing.The room we stayed in was reasonably sized with a comfy bed, but wasn't particularly clean and the shower is best described as a lukewarm drizzle.The food in the restaurant is very tasty and reasonably priced.The location is handy for the train station but is a bit seedy and very noisy (but then this is Delhi so that's not too surprising).The worst part in this hotel is the constant hassle. The manager/travel agent is constantly trying to sell you tours, train tickets etc. At first it's not a problem but he carries on asking everytime he spots you, including when you're having a meal and it starts to get quite annoying.	
Jan 2 2008 	Tower of Terror!	We stayed here for 2 nights, 11th &amp; 12th December was meant to stay another night but didn't, read on and you will understand why!!Positive Location is only a 5min walk to New Delhi Train Station perfect for the early morning train to Agra Cantt station to see the Taj Mahal! (if you want any hints or tips on how to do it yourself don't hesitate to contact me).excellent free transfer from airport to hotel, took about 40 mins but this was in rush hour. Room 206 - massive bathroom and clean. TV, air-con (not needed in December), cheap mini-bar, hard bed (our preference). Restaurant served nice &amp; reasonable food however, if you don't like your meat on the bone then go vegetarian! No beer served in the restaurant but you can go up to the roof terrace and get a Kingfisher beer.NegativesNot enough toilet paper, I know it seem petty but why should you have to tip someone just to get the basics? The same went for towels. Why clean the bathroom and take away your dirty towels but not replace them unless you give them money?As I said earlier the food was nice in the restaurant, however the constant harressment from the waiters and manager meant that you could not enjoy your food! Also be aware of your meat on the bone, they use every part!No hot water at all on our last morning and when I went to speak to the manager he just ignored me and shrugged his shoulders when I asked if the water would come back on. This was the worst, constant building work on the 2nd floor - I mean all through the night. I think it actually started about 1am, you could actually taste the dust! It felt like they were building next door! When I went to reception and asked to be moved the manager again just ignored me. I had enough at this point and left, when we checked out my partner went over to speak to the manager who just stared at us and didn't say anything!I know that it's all down to personal choice but please do not stay in this hotel but if you do, good luck!!For our last night we stayed at the Hotel Palace Heights in Connaught Place. Please see review.	
Dec 22 2007 	Room cleaning optional!	Funny place - I've stayed in literally hundreds of hotels over the years, and this is one of the strangest. First of all, they don't automatically clean the room everyday - you have to request it! Secondly, they were renovating the rooms next door - till 4 in the morning! ... see photo. No amount of complaining made any difference. Although its close to the railway station, its very hard to find, and the website gives very poor directions.On the plus side, its friendly, reasonably clean and has a good internet cafe.The best thing,though, is the travel agency which the hotel operates. Mr Kamal Gupta helped me organise a trip up to Haridwar on the Ganges, which was very well run - and he suggested an excellent hotel. Thanks Kamal, you stopped the Ajanta from being a terrible disappointment.	
Dec 7 2007	Do not trust the travel agency!	We booked a hotel in Goa with the travel agency in the hotel. When we arrived in Goa, the hotel was disgusting, linen stained and unclean, swimming pool so unclean, couldn't see the steps, let alone the bottom.So, we called Ajanta to ask if we could get a refund, he said yes over the phone.....a month later, we are still trying to get a refund. We have emailed and called countless times and still no refund. We also found out since he was making 50% commission PER NIGHT on our booking.The hotel was not great either, poor location and our room had no windows!	
Dec 1 2007	Grand little place if they cleaned up	stayed here for a weekend,first room was on the 2nd floor beside some building site, very noisy and dusty, when i asked to be moved they reluctantly did so, to a far superior room on the 4th floor. It's in a noisy area and there is an open air venue right outside to the left of the hotel. The whole area is quite lively actually and this adds to the rough around the edges charmof the place.Staff are pretty gruff, but that didn't really bother me, just don't tip in those circumstances. The restaurant served lovely well priced food, and there were locals as well as tourists in the restaurant which is a good sign. It's reasonably priced if you are on a budget,with comp pickup from the airport and they also arrange trips to Agra and beyond.If only i was convinced that my bed had been made with clean sheets the first day and if only they had bothered to service my room the second day i would have said above average!	
Nov 22 2007 	Good travel agency!	The hotel is okay and recommended for short stays in Delhi however it is situated in an crowded an noisy area.I found hotel's travel agency very helpful due to it's capable, experienced and friendly travel agent Mr. Kamal!	
Oct 30 2007	It was an experience that I will always remeber fondly	Frome the very first moment we walked into the Hotel we knew that we were going to come back again and again. We have never felt so at home and comfortable at any other establishment. From the front desk staff to the housekeeping staff, everyone was very pleasent, helpful and warm. I would surely recomend this hotel to any of my freinds and family.	
Oct 29 2007 	Fawlty Towers of India!	I rate this as &quot;terrible&quot; because it was...er...terrible! Actually, Ithink the hotel is perfectly comfortable in a seedy, old colonial yetbohemian sort of way. It has one lift which I wouldn't trust to be infor more than 2 minutes, a concierge on every level who likes to knowexactly what you are doing and how many tips he can make from you in any one conversation and who'll report you falsely to the boss for trying to give you own clothes to local builders. Hot water was intermittent. Creepy managers near reception loiter to ask how you are doing only as a foil to get you to use their restaurant, their taxi services, their facilities. However, once you tell them you are leaving or are not pleased with certain aspects, they drop you like a dead donkey to fend for yourself. That said, their restaurant is pretty good and certainly convenient and their rooms fairly clean, although we slept in our own bed covers as the dirty marks on the sheets looked suspect. The most disturbing creepiness of all though was when a manager came to us on our first night as we were about to sample the delights of the street informed us that at night the road was not safe from muggers and thieves. I felt this was a strange, overkill way of getting us to use their restaurant. When we booked a second night (for convenience) they had hiked the Expedia price by more than double. If you like quirky, creepy, soiled and disingenuous, this is the place for you. What Expedia are doing to team up with these people is beyond me!	
Oct 28 2007 	Decent Hotel	The hotel was nicer than expected. The rooms were basic but fine for the price. Our room had a balcony which was great to see the hustle and bustle down below us. Was a little noisy at times, but that's expected in the city! :o) The restaurant food was delicious and all staff very helpful. It was also convenient having internet access onsite. Overall, I would stay there again as the location is great (not too far from Connaught street in Tuk Tuk).	
Oct 3 2007 	Great place to stay in Delhi	Firstly the location is just excellent. It is in the heart of the city and accessible to shooping and sight seeing districts.Next is the pricing. Real value for money. But I do not mean that is is devoid of luxury and amenities. Its a clean and confortable placeStaff is courteous and the over all stay was a rather pleasant one	
Jul 24 2007 	Decent hotel terrible surroundings	This is a relatively clean and organized place, but is located in a chaotic area near the New Delhi railway station. Be aware of touts waiting right outside the door!The restaurant offers decent food and there seemed to be a crowd of other tourists. Prices are fair, but if you dont have a booking, negotiate before accepting their offer.	
Jul 19 2007 	Over-rated Hoax!!	Noting the pretty decent reviews about this place, my friends &amp; I had the unfortunate 'luxury' of staying at this hotel. The airport pickup was on time. Checking in past midnight was almost a nightmare... Save that we were not in mood to argue with Jetlag setting in. The rooms given us were probably not cleaned in the last month. (and those sheets- ugh!) Especially the toilet. If it wasnt for the ungodly hour we landed there, we would have just picked up our bags and walked down the street in search of another place. (there are plenty of them on this street) The surrounding area is vibrant and full of life, though the dust and noise intermingles.The guys at the counter tried their best to rip us off at every turn, and I can only imagine how some of those 'good' reviews have appeared. The next day checked out, despite their attempts to intimidate us... and found a nice, clean place just down the street called Godwin at a much lesser tag.	
Jul 15 2007 	Horrible experience!	The rooms are not very clean and our air condition was so noisy it was difficult to go to sleep. I would never stay here again! and would recommend everybody else to stay away. There are so many better places on the same road.This is not a hotel but a travel agent! We arrived with a late flight from London and all the hotel was interested in when we arrived was to sell us one of their trips. Since it was our first night we thought we should be polite and listen even though we had made our own arrangements before leaving home. We were told that the route we had planning was stupid and that a stretch we wanted to take the train was impossible - although we actually had a ticket for it and the train was definitely running. We had booked a car to pick us up the next morning to go to Agra. We were again told in a rather aggressive way that it was ridicolous for a car to come from agra to pick us up to then drive back to agra, the only way sesnible to do this was to drive from delhi to agra and back to delhi... Further the hotel made every effort for our driver not to find us and when he asked fo us they even said there were nobody with that name staying at this hotel. There are so many other places to stay in Delhi, pick any of them just not this one!	
Jun 4 2007	Tour operator	After to have read positive comments on this website, we decided to book for 2 nights in this hotel.According to the quality of the facilities offered by the hotel, the price for a room is expensive. Moreover, on the spot, we booked a 13-days trip with the tour operator of the hotel Ajanta. We were very disappointed by the gap between the initial prestations presented to sell the trip and the real quality of the activities and the hotels. We paid indeed an expensive price to get air cond and hot water in each hotel, and it was not the case for many nights. In addition, we booked for a camel ride in a desert with a &quot;wonderful&quot; night under a big tent in the desert with local dances and a huge diner ... but once in the desert, the guy in charge of this activity explained us that it is not possible to sleep under a tent and he never heard about these local dances ... We decided to cancel the remaining days of our trip to go back in Delhi in to discuss &quot;hardly&quot; with the hotel Ajanta to refund money back. We are very angry to have paid an expensive price for bad prestation and, finally, to get bad holidays.	
May 23 2007 	OVER RATED!!! trust me..its crap for the price	Ok, I read the reviews about this place and took it for granted. Its not a bad place...but NOT worth the price. I went to stay there for 4 nites but only stayed for 2 becuse there are better hotels along that streach for much cheaper and better quality. I stayed at the Godwin. Much better. Food was excellent and the servious was fabulous. Ajanta didnt even change the sheets. ITS CRAP! absolutly OVERATED...Dont fall for the pics on the web site....just Trust me.They also try to cheat you if you check in at mid nite onwards...they no you are tired and try to manupulate (Just as the previous reviews stayted...they charged me extra TAX after confirming one rate and wanted full payment upfront. (Do not fall for this). there is no such thing as paying full payment upfront.Overall its an ok place, the airport pick was on time....BUT it is absolutly NOT worth the price when you compare the hotels around that place. I will never book the place or recommned it to anyone. NO WAY!! they are over priced, even if you think its cheap. If you are not convinced...stay there one night and then walk around and ask the hotels around you...check out the rates and the rooms...I bet you will check out the next morning! Good luck!	
May 17 2007 	Terrible place - bad experience	Our stay at Hotel Ajanta just went from good to bad to worse in the three days we stayed there. Here is an account of what happened. We had a reconfirmation (not just confirmation) from their reservation agent before May 1st regarding our booking. But when we arrived on May 1 at 2 pm at Hotel Ajanta, they had no idea about our booking. Our name did not show up in their list or anywhere else. So, they took us in as a walk-in customer. They promptly went into their marketing gimmick of showing us a really small room first and then a larger family room (Room 416) which was available on discount that day. The rate was Rs. 1500 in place of their regular Rs. 1800. We accepted it and took the room. The room was nice and I have no complaints about this room for the price we were offered. However, later on they must have checked with their agent and found out that the accepted rate between us was Rs. 1575. So, they charged Rs. 1575 to us the next day which was fine for me as that was the contracted rate. Their rate fluctuates depending on circumstance and the person in front of them - that is dynamic pricing for you.We then left for Agra the next day (May 2) with our baggage left at the hotel saying that we were coming back in a day to stay at the hotel again as per my reservation with the agent. The manager at the reception (Mr. Kaushal) gave me his contact numbers and said I should confirm with them before I leave Agra so that they can keep a room for us. I did so at 12 noon on May 3 by making a call from Agra and letting them know that we were arriving at 11 pm. Obviously their processes are not in tune with the needs of the travellers of today. So, when we arrived at 11 pm, there were no rooms for us and most were already booked. So, they sent us to a room (Room 402) which was a suite with inadequate bedding for the four of us but large open spaces. Seeing the room I knew that the room would cost a lot more than Rs.1575. They did not mention the rate to us while sending us there anyways. When I called them up to enquire about the rate for the room they said it will cost me Rs. 4000 for one night (again at a discount of course as it is usually priced at Rs. 4500). This was not acceptable to me and they reduced it to Rs. 3000. Finally after some haggling and fighting in the middle of the night they agreed to let us stay in the room for Rs. 1575 for one night. The next morning we had to pack our bags and keep it ready so they could move us to another appropriate room since this suite was at our disposal only for one night. We packed our bags and left them there and went for the sight seeing tour which we had booked through the travel agent who sits at the counter at the same hotel (the sight seeing trip was another disappointment which I do not intend to describe). When we came back tired at about 9 pm that night, we had no room again and our bags were still sitting in the same place where we left them in the morning. I argued with the guy at the counter about the reservation and our experience of the previous day etc. . Finally, he gave me a family room for that night (Room 316) which I thought would be similar to the first room we got and liked, but it was not so. It had fewer beds and less moving space. They said they would charge us extra if we wanted extra beds and so we decided to adjust with what we had. And then to our horror, we found that the cold water taps in the bathroom were dry. All we had was hot water from the taps. We were too tired to argue or get anything done as it was already late, so we just grinned and bore it. We resolved not to return to this hotel ever again in our lives.  Moral of the story: Hotels like these are not tuned to taking care of modern day travellers. Indian budget hotels have not grown up with the times where reservations are honoured. They do not take advance payments (I asked the agent about making payments in advance and she said I need not worry only that I should just show up). They are only tailored to take in walk-in customers. So, you better show up between 12 noon and 4 pm and you might have options to get a good room. After that, they will just chuck you into any room and charge you whatever they want, reservations be damned. I do not know how they got listed on Lonely Planet and otehr publications.....I did see a number of non-Indians who had checked in thinking this is a great place. I am not sure if they are treated any better (reverse discrimination....)  Regards Jay	
May 7 2007 	Good for the Price	This place was a pleasant suprise, I have to say. Everyone says Delhi is a nightmare with hotels and to be honest this was good at a good price.Room was nice. View was not so good but I wasn't for sitting in my room gazing at any view so that was fine. The bed was comfortable. There was a mini-bar, which I think the prices were fine. It had chocolate too. Television was fine- medium sized.Location is good. 5 minute autorickshaw from Connaught Place. I liked the area. It's a bit dingy but the energy was good. Such a stretch of hotels on the street, a row of neon. Found it nice to breeze through. A lot of people complained that it was dirty. It was a bit but the energy was generally good. Some stores nearby were grand too. There was a market nearby where there was a random security entrance unplugged and planked in the middle of the road. Strange looking thing.Restaurant on the ground floor was another surprise. They had a nice buffet and I liked the way they kind of replaced rice with porridge flakes in a curried pea dish. Very subtle and tasty. The evening meal was also nice. Actually had a pizza here that was a delight. Chai was lovely. It appeared to do a good trade too, which was encouraging.Each floor had a hall monitor type guy who ran to you when you moved. This was helpful but a bit crowding. The staff were fine but there was a lot of drama and theater with receipts and everything really. You stood there as they started to lose their heads over a simple request you made. Sometimes they just chased you shouting questions. They were good natured for the most part though.I can see why some people were a bit wary of the travel agency. We got the pitch there, well actually we didn't. They bring you in and make a fuss of you and then get mad as hell when you don't want their services even though you're upfront from the start. This is a bit of a turn off. Some prices quoted to us seemed to be really excessive based on us looking them up afterwards. But we didn't book anything so we have no need to complain about being burned. Be a bit careful with this one though.Also, when you get there shop around the rooms because the condition varies wildly. We visited a person we had met in Jaipur in their back room and it was something else. There was a full scale construction thing going on outside and I'm not talking that the noise was near. The construction was right there. If you put your hand out the window you could have gotten your hand crushed by some kinda hydrolic shaft thing. There was a backdoor to the room that was not the most secure thing. Therefore be very careful in choosing wisely. The computer room was great and fast. The taxi service as good. We got a good price to the airport compared to the fleecing we had gotten from someone else in another direction.Thanks to Lonely Planet washing their hands of the hotels and inns in Delhi in general our expecations were low and we found that this place was fine really. The staff were a bit hyperactive but if you insist on picking a good room it's a good choice really.	
Apr 26 2007 	The Ajanta is trying hard	I stayed here about 15 years ago and it was a dump. In March 2007 I found it changed almost beyond recognition. They are obviously trying hard to capture the tourist market. The airport pick up worked perfectly on both occasions I used it. Front rooms with windows can be incredibly noisy - ask for a change. Many rooms have, in effect, no windows but they are very clean and well maintained. The restaurant is very good and can get crowded. At present a lot of work is going on within the hotel and this can cause noise and disruption - and they need to get the lift upgraded! All the front of house services worked well. Room service could be slow but it was ok. The staff are pleasant and helpful. So far as I know you are not going to do better, for the price, in Delhi.	
Mar 5 2007	Great hotel in a not great location	This hotel was not my first choice, but the first choice was booked. That said, it turned out to be better than I expected and we stayed there twice for a total of 5 nights. It is family run and there are lots of people in the lobby waiting to help you. The hall porter on each floor is also eager to help: he is your main contact for anything you need, from room service to laundry. It is very clean and well decorated: exterior rooms have lots of sun and marble floors (and street noise). Interior rooms have no windows and wall-to-wall carpeting, and they are quiet. It also has a restaurant with a good breakfast buffet and the butter chicken at dinner is excellent. This hotel also has a travel agency on the premises that operates on the &quot;strong arm&quot; sales approach. While you may not like their sales style, the travel agency is reputable and can help you plan and book your travel throughout India.We used them with no problems. We also liked the hotel Internet room - about 8 computers with good connections at a very good price. One caveat: this hotel is a short walk from the train station and the neighborhood is congested, dirty, and noisy. But once you're in the hotel, it feels like an oasis.	
Jan 4 2007 	Only prepay if turning up early to ensure decent room	We read the good reviews for this hotel and thought it sounded pretty reasonable, but when we turned up at 4am (admittedly a few hours late) for our room which we had prepaid for, they must have given us the worst room in the place. There was a wooden board in replacement for the window, dirty pillow cases, hole-in-the-floor toilet and manky bathroom. It looks like we were in the only part of the hotel that hadn't been refurbished. However we only had to stay for 2 hours before catching our train at New Delhi (only 30R in a tuktuk to reach). The best thing about this hotel for us was that we were able to prebook all our train tickets and pick them up before moving on which was really handy. Moral of the story, if you turn up late having prepaid - toughluck, you get what you're given! I would go back but only if I could see the room before paying and ensure a refurbished one.	
Dec 27 2006 	Over-priced	We stayed here for 3 nights in December (2006), We arrived late and had arranged an airport pick up, but once we arrived at the hotel desperate for some sleep we were left in one of the side rooms while the check in staff stood around and talked, we were then given a talk about the services offered by the hotel, when we declined we were finally shown to our rooms.The room was clean and functionaly, though there was erratic hot water in the bathroom.The staff were of limited help and seemed more interested in offering paid services rather than giving helpful advice (They also have a member of staff on each floor who each time you go back tries to escort you to your room and expects a tip - we ended up trying to tip toe back to our room to avoid this)Dont use the pre paid taxi booth in the reception - this is vastly over pricved, go outside and get an autrickshaw (the pre pay booth charged us 100 ruppees to the train station, the autorickshaw was 20 and its only a 10 min walk away)One very positive point is the roof top restaurant. The food was fantastic, the staff friendly and very helpful and the value was tremendous.Overall, there are many better and substantially cheaper places in Delhi	
Dec 22 2006 	Okay but depends on what you pay.	Stayed at the Hotel Ajanta in November of 2006. Our airport pickup was there at 4am when we arrived, but when we checked in we were given standard rooms (no windows, no working air conditioning, barely functioning toilet and broken locks on the doors) instead of what we had reserved. As promised they gave us their 'best' rooms the next day, which they call 'presidential suites' but which are really just rooms where everything works. We were in town on business so we irked them when we said we had no need for any of their tour arrangements. I once overheard the matriarch of the hotel trying to convince a Swiss couple not to take another tour by a different company because it was run by 'untrustworthy Kashmiri's'. In India you have to take spruiking for granted but the Hotel Ajanta does take it to another level.They won't clean your room unless you leave them your room key. The risk with that is that you may not have a room left by the time you return to collect it again. Do so at your own risk. The internet cafe is functional and probably the best on the street, though the guy who runs it is always trying to screw you. The Hotel Ajanta is a standard experience for those looking for budget hotels in Delhi, so if you're looking for a more relaxed, comfortable stay, perhaps try somewhere else. Being in the thick of things at the Hotel Ajanta might be something you'd prefer to avoid. Delhi is full on as it is, and someplace like the Taj Ambassador Hotel might be more to your liking.Still, it wasn't a completely negative experience - breakfast is decent for what you pay, but avoid having lunch or dinner there. Guaranteed food poisoning.Avoid, if possible.	
Nov 17 2006	Not a good choice	We stayed in Ajanta with my s.o. in the beginning of November ´06. We definetly are not picky, but this time the hotel really managed to disapoint us.We arrived late at night and were given a small room with no windows and two beds instead of double bed - not what we had ordered and paid beforehand, and definetly not what we had seen in the pictures on hotels website. After a moan we were given a new room, which did have a double bed, but where there was only boiling hot water in the shower and where the toilet didn't flush. We complained again and were given the first, small and dirty, room again, for there were no other rooms available. Next day we moved again, this time to another room with a double bed. There were windows - which gave to the hallway! The personell started to work there every morning at 6.30, and as they were very loud and the walls did not stop the sound at all, we simply could not sleep. The bathroom was uncomfortable and infested by insects.Our room was cleaned only after I asked for it for the second time. Not one of the rooms had sheets until we asked the personell to bring them. This repeated every day. All the towels were dirty - really, all of them, also after we had asked for new ones.The personell didn't seem to care about us - they didn't, for excample, apologise once during the late night when we moved from one room to another and back again. It seems they simply don't have to do that - they had the hotel booked full anyway. Something positive? My mother, who stayed in Ajanta couple of days before us, was treated decently and transferred to an ok room, but only after two days of hardcore tipping.The location was ok.Summary: unclean, noisy hotel, where we felt ourselves not wanted. Could serve as a one star -hostel, but definetly not worth the price.	
Nov 2 2006	Good value if you don't mind being in the thick of it	This Hotel is above average because it is good value. We stayed in a semi businessness room for 1,300 Indian Rupees per night including a decent breakfast. The room was big with a lounge, coffee table and desk. With good light and an ok bathroom which was clean. A basic clean place with a roof top restaurant. It is in old Delhi so it is a bit full on as soon as you leave the hotel	
Oct 10 2006 	Vey disappointing	My partner and I stayed here for 3 and 2 nights in Sept/Oct '06 at the start and end of our holiday having booked via Hotel Club in June.Although we had paid for a superior twin, initially we were assigned a tiny room with no windows. After a moan we were given a better room with a shared balcony.The lavatory would not flush and despite many requests to get it fixed nothing happened and for two days we were obliged to flush it using buckets filled in the bath. The bathroom had a wooden louvered window which could not be closed. Overnight the bathroom was infested by insects which totally covered every horizontal surface.The air conditioner tripped about every couple of hours and each time we had to seek out someone to reset the trip. This was a common problem with all three of the rooms we had.After a further round of complaints we were moved to another room where at least the lavatory worked.We did not receive the ‘hard sell’ from the Travel Office and in general the staff were friendly but just hopeless. We witnessed several disputes at Reception one so severe that we were moved to an office to complete our check in. The Buffet breakfast in the dinning room was stone cold even at 09.00.Ignore the lovely pics of the roof top restaurant, it is a tip and apparently used for storing junk. There is, however, a sign stating that you can have a coke and a pizza for about a quid.On the whole very disappointing and by far the worst hotel we stayed at during out two week visit and by no means the least expensive.I believe that ‘The Rough Guide’ should review their recommendation which is prominently displayed all over the Hotel.	
Sep 25 2006 	Ok go for it	The place is not bad after all. I guess it depends on the room you get.We booked the 1st night through expedia and where charged 23 euro. The room (was spacious and with a nice bathroom but no aircon. Very noisy due to the street.The price would not go down, so we asked another room and we got a smaller one (218) with aircon, for 900 (16 euro) which I thought was better. No idea why the other one is more expensive.The restaurant is great value, the lady of the travel agency is nice but asks you all the time what are your plans, a bit pushy.The room service is fast and does not overcharge, so you can ask for a tea and get it in 5 minutes for 22 rp (0,40 euro cents).I checked some hotels in the area and this is the average, maybe even a bit better.They all loook great from the reception and then it goes down once you are in the rooms.	
Sep 10 2006 	Skip the in-house travel agent!	Good room, but wasn't fully clean when we arrived. Short walk to New Dehli railway station (7 minutes), but a fair step to Connaught Place (15 minutes). Reasonably priced restaurant with good food. Reliable internet and phone service. Only real downside was the pushy guy in the travel agent who offered us a vastly overpriced trip and then became unhelpful once we said no.	
Jun 26 2006	Avoid in Summer	On arrival everything seemed ok, but on entry to the rooms they seemed to be falling apart. We stayed for 4 nights, not all consecutively and eventually hadto change because of the poor quality. If you pay budget you get budget. Our stay was in June when the weather is hot. The a/c cuts out everyday between 6pm and 9pm. The rooms have fridges, which seem to be ornamental, they didnt fucntion!! The lift did not work alot of the time. Location is right in the centre with all the hustle and bustle so do not expect peace. Restaurant Service extremely slow. It took the waiters around 10 minutes just to give us the bill! Each floor has a janitor, they were the only pleasant things about our stay at the hotel. Very hard working and will attend to all your requests (apart from gettin the ac working). When we made our complaints no discounts were given, instead a 'deluxe room' was offered at the same price which had exactly the same facilites as the standard rooms, including a non functioning fridge and non functioning air con.	
May 20 2006	Noisy Poor Service Avoid it	very noisy, could not sleep at all, ordered eggs, came with shells, just avoid this hotel and as always look at the room before you buy.	
May 11 2006 	Awful !	ABSOLUTELY avoid this hotel : dirty, expensive, very unpleasant people, we are furious, we paid a lot and in advance, and our rooms had been given to somebody else when we came back from a trip to Udaipur. They invented an incredible lie to justify it, and were very unpleasant with us. You have to ask for your room to be cleaned up, (and just forget it for the bath), we asked for a presidential suite and had one big and one little bed, without any fruit basket, people always ask for money, we stayed blocked in the lift, we were given wrong hour for the plane trip and waited 4 hours in the airport to go to Udaipur, etc, etc).	
Apr 30 2006	the ajanta trap	con merchants seems an adequate description , the rooms are clean by indian standards , the so called free airport pick up seems to be a downright lie , you will be prssured to take out a tour to the golden triangle and the management will sulk if you dont book it...the staffa are at best indifferent and at wost rude....the floor staff will talk loudly all night just outside your room and will take every opportunity to ingratiate themselves , without actually being of any help.your room may well smell of some weird chemical that i presume they use to kill bugs...you can get much better much cheaper in delhiso my advice would be book a room for one night then move on and watch the management sulk...sorry ajanta but we customers are important and very few of us are millionaires , hard to descrbe how unwelcoming the staff are undernath their smug exteriors , incidentally keep your eye on the email man who will make sure you spend the maximum amount , take a usb if you need one and use the small intenet caff across the road which is half price and friendlyish.	
Apr 26 2006	Stay clear of these con artists!!!!!!!	Stay clear of these con artists!!!!!!!Do not make the mistake I did and stay in this hotel only because it has a website. There's far better options out there. This is how they operate. You book online thinking that this will be a great place to stay after seeing the pictures on their website. When you get there you're not allowed to have a look at the room before but you have to sit down and talk to the incredibly pushy sales woman who's trying to sell you one of their tours. You have to be really firm here as she will not give up very easily. We we're not interested at all in any of there tours as we'd come to India for a friends wedding and to see India on our own in our own time. She stopped smiling when she found out that we weren't interested. She took us out to the reception and said something in hindi to the receptionist sounding very annoyed. Probably because she didn't get us into booking a tour. Before leaving UK, we had booked the second most expensive room at hotel Ajanta thinking this would be one of the nicer room among their pictures on their website. However, as we didn't buy a tour they were't interested in giving us a nice room or providing us with good customer service. They claimed that the dirty room we were given was the room we had paid for. So, if you intend to buy a tour with these guys then you might find this hotel ok (but still overpriced) as they will give you the better room and suck up to you. But if you;re no interested in tours...STAY CLEAR OF THIS DUMP. I discovered a great place on my second trip to Delhi. It came recomended from other travelers I met. It's called &quot;Cottage, Yes Please&quot; and is located in the same area as Hotel Ajanata. It's very close to the cinema. We got a spotless room for 600 R.	
Apr 22 2006	Terrible	Dont make the mistake of booking your first few nights in Delhi at this place simply because its one of the only budget places to have a website! Rooms nothing like the pictures, payed over twice the price of similar style rooms you could get elsewhere. Dirty shower and toilet etc etc. Fair enough the airport pick up is handy and free., but this is more than made up for by the high room rates you pay. Just get a taxi and have a look around a popular central area in Delhi and youll find something better - i did this the second time i came to delhi a month later (after a long flight) and found something better for half the price - namely - 'cottage yes please' strange name i know but good.	
Mar 31 2006	Do not trust the Lonely Planet's recommendation for Hotel Ajanta!!	Like many others, I was duped into booking with the Hotel Ajanta because of the Lonely Planet's recommendation.What a mistake!!First, keep in mind that to secure a reservation on-line, the hotel charges you in advance for the room. You can imagine my surprise when I was met at the Delhi airport for pick-up an hour late, and then kindly informed upon arriving at the Hotel Ajanta that they had given my room (that I had already paid for in full) to another, but that they had a room for me in their &quot;sister&quot; hotel down the dumpy street.Unfortunately, the &quot;sister&quot; hotel insisted on being paid for the room separately, and did not appear to know much about its &quot;brother&quot; hotel (the Hotel Ajanta) up the road. When I complained about this the following morning at the Hotel Ajanta desk, they refused to refund my money for the Hotel Ajanta booking, and offered me their wretched breakfast instead.Second, after this awful experience, I proceeded to cancel other reservations I had made with Hotel Ajanta for later in my India trip. Although Hotel Ajanta has been assuring me for the last 40 days with multiple e-mails that they have processed my refund for these later nights, I have yet to receive a refund, and have had to turn directly to my credit card company for assistance. The bottom line is that Hotel Ajanta knows very well how to take your money and charge your card, but God forbid they give it back to you, even when they have agreed in writing to do so!If you believe that frustration, wasted time, and broken promises are part of any India experience, knock yourself out and stay at the Hotel Ajanta. I never will.	
Mar 6 2006	Good hotel seedy area	I stayed at this hotel with my son in January. After having read more than 30 reviews, with such variable responses, I was a little cautious. Many reviewers were angry at the aggressive selling of tour packages. We arrived in the middle of the night, and I expected an aggressive sales routine, but there was none. The room was plain, reasonably clean and cheap (for Delhi). I booked on-line for $10 US. The staff was courteous and fairly efficient. I did get a sales promotion the next day, but after shopping around, found a better deal (but not hugely better). I simply declined, and that was the end. The restaurant was good, although the breakfast buffet was expensive, and it was much cheaper to simply order a parantha from the menu. I would recommend this hotel, but the surrounding area is quite dirty and possibly shocking for someone new to India.	
Feb 13 2006	You get what you pay for	I stayed at Hotel Ajanta this Feb 2006. Basically, you get what you pay for. The hotel is old but clean. The rooms are very basic but do have a television with cable. The hotel has a money changer, internet cafe, travel agent and a pretty good restaurant all under one roof. There were many foreign tourists there from all over the world who seemed pretty happy there. The one major drawback is the area in which the hotel is located which is Paharganj and is a total dump. However, the hotel will arrange a car/rickshaw for you to get you out of the area as easiliy as possible. I suggest taking your own blanket, soap, towel and an extra sheet if you are picky. These are things which will make your stay at this hotel more comfortable. If you can afford to stay in an area other than Paharganj I would do so because the rest of Dehli is actually very nice. But if you are on a budget, the Ajanta has a lot to offer.One more thing, if you do rent a car and driver from the hotel. Be firm with you driver. Our driver kept trying to take us to the &quot;Tourist&quot; shops (Cottage Industries, Gov't approved etc.) and these shops charge you more than double than the price in the markets. The driver pretty much refused to take us to any local markets without first having us waste our time at these &quot;gov't approved&quot; markets. Hope you have a great time in Delhi	
Feb 13 2006	Ajanta Hotel -Nice but couple of things to watch out for	My girlfriend and I stayed in the Ajanta hotel in Delhi in Jan 06. Its convenient for the station and sights of New and Old Delhi and a nice haven from the bustle of the Ram Nagar area outside, Food's OK - nothing spectacular, and they gave us a complimentary pick up from the airport. I would recommend it but watch out for a few things:1) Make sure the room you are given is the standard you have booked and are paying for. We got shown a &quot;nice quiet room&quot; (windowless) but which was clearly not the Semi Business Double we had booked and were quoted for.2) We did not use their travel agency services, but found them overly persistent and pressurising. They will try and catch you with your guard down when you check in and give you the hard sell before you get to see your room or key. Say no and demand your room NOW! They also used the old &quot;delhi isn't safe - you must book all your cars etc through us&quot; tactic. Good practice for the level of touting in India generally, but you could do without it from inside your hotel.3) When we left we booked a taxi (through the hotel's taxi desk) to take us to the airport and strangely found ourselves giving a lift to the hotel rep who was travelling to the airport to pick up some other newly arriving guests. This is how they afford to give complementary airport pick-ups - by getting departing guests to pay for the taxi. Dead cheeky!	
Jan 18 2006	Nothing special but not expensive	First, I really appreciated the free airport pickup.Second, the neighborhood leaves much to be desired. Granted, we were leaving from the nearby New Delhi train station the next day, so it was all we needed. Still, not a place I'd love to spend time in.The rooms were OK, especially given the price. I too was put off by the touting of tours -- especially during my phone call from the U.S. to book the room!	
Nov 24 2005	Rude Management	I had booked six rooms for myself &amp; my colleages. On arrival at the hotel, they didn't have the right rooms as we booked for and one of the room was not available for my friend. We had asked to see the owner/manager Mr Arya. When we confronted Mr Arya, he just ignored us &amp; didn't even bother to solve the problem of accomodating us. I think in view of attracting foreign customers through their joint travel agency service, the whole management of this hotel is terrible. The hotel is overpriced for the service it gives. Better off getting hotels (Godwin/Crystal/Yuvraj etc)nearby with better service &amp; cheaper.	
Aug 11 2005 	Can Not Trust	The hotel staff taking my reservation on the phone was rude and sounding as if doing me a favour (ok, I can understand that a low-grade hotel cannot afford to hire polite staff). So far so good. Then he wanted to charge to me for my airport pickup request (their website says its free) so I declined the pickup. Inspite of offering my credit card details to confirm the reservation, he said will hold my reservation without the card details. I informed that I will check in after midnite.Upon reaching the hotel, I found the same staff who took my reservation on phone. First he declined he had any reservation in my name. When I insisted on seeing the reservation register and found my name in it, he gave the following assorted reasons for not having a room for me:1. You arrived late.2. Your reservation is for the following day, not today.3. You didn't use our airport pickup4. You didn't provide us with your card details.5. You didn't email to confirm the reservation.He offered to put me up in his friend's hotel next door (a shabby room at exorbitant price) for the night and move me into his property the following morning. As it was midnite, I reluctantly agreed. The next day he flatly refused to check me in at his property. I noticed that other guests at the hotel reception area were being treated extremely well and offered rooms. I was not because:1. I am not white skin2. I don't hold an American or European passport3. I was not going pay in dollars but in Indian rupees.Reserve your stay here at your own risk.Kumar3.	
Jul 8 2005	You get what you pay for.	There seems to be a lot of room for differences in quality of your stay here based on which room and/or floor you are on. My room was nothing great, but acceptably clean except for the serious musty smell of the mattress and curtains. My air con worked fine, but a woman on the 3rd floor (I was on the 2nd) said she had to choose between being very hot all night, or trying to sleep over the racket from her air conditioner. The airport pickup worked well, which is a big advantage. But I thought the onsite travel agency was a bit pushy. The restaurant was quite good, and reasonably priced. Overall, this is a decent deal for the money, especially in Delhi, where prices can be outrageous. Definitely ask to see the room before checking in, and don't be afraid to ask for another room if you don't like the first one you see.	
May 30 2005	Free Airport transfer close to Train Station	We arrived in the middle of the night at Delhi airport and had a 7am train to the Punjab the following morning. We booked the hotel very easily on expedia and arranged a free hotel pick-up (not detailed on expedia but on their website). They were there waiting for us and took us safely to the Hotel (we therefore avoided the much commented on Delhi airport scrum of Taxi drivers). Given that we paid £27 for a room for 3 of us the pickup was worth that alone (it is a fair whack to the airport). We spent only about 4 hours in the hotel room which had no window but for somewhere clean to put our head and it was fine. Check in was fine and friendly. The station was an 'enlightening' 5-10 minute walk at 6am but being so close made catching the train very easy. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you want somewhere to put your head on day one for an easy exit to the train station but not exactly the place to have a long relaxing holiday and I don't recognise the photo on expedia. The photo from the window posted on trip advisor is a good reflection of the neighborhood we saw.	
Apr 20 2005	An OK hotel in one of the worst locations in Delhi	We have just returned from a one week stay at the hotel. We had a windowless room that was passable. It's clean and decent. However, the staff walking the hallways are loud and disturb your sleep. The lobby is narrow and long and I guess because of construction, dining is also there.The staff at Hotel Ajanta tried to sell us overpriced packages to visit Jaipur and Agra and tried to convince us that this was a better deal. It's cheaper to take the Shatabdi express and do day trips to each city. There are a number of staff during the evening and it is fair to say, they all hover around you and some of them need to know your personal business, and your day plan.The Internet Café was perhaps one of the best facilities that the hotel offers. The location of the hotel is unfortunately unappealing. Outside, the street is filthy and narrow, packed with cars, rickshaws, vendors, taxi drivers and everything else imaginable. The staff is super-nice only when you do things their way, but don't be fooled. They're are there to take your money. Buyers beware!The room was clean and decent. Seeing the room for the first time, I was extremely pleased, especially since I feared the worst from its outside appearance. As they say, never judge a book by its cover. The service in the restaurant is extremely slow. My husband and I ordered at the same time. About ten minutes later, a couple arrived. It was ten minutes after everybody was served, that I received my order and by then the toast had turned into &quot;biscotti&quot;.Overall, I wouldn't not stay at this hotel again and would not recommend it.	
Apr 17 2005	poor value	We have been backpacking round India for over a month and got the Ajanta hotel from TripAdvisor. The room rates are variable, they charge what they like. The reception is pushy, they try to sell you a tour of Jaipur and Agras, as soon as you arrive, by taxi for 12000 rps for 2 people which is certainly not good value even with accomodation - you can do the round trip by train for just over 3000 + accomodation at 200-350 per night for decent places.The rooms are clean(ish) but a bit pokey and the shared toilets are dirty. The final nail in the coffin is the staff, one guy who always seemed to be hanging around just outside our door had the cheek to demand a tip for &quot;my good service&quot; when we were leaving despite the fact that he had done nothing more than say good morning to me!We have to go back through Delhi and we won't be staying here.	
Mar 9 2005	Pros 		
Dec 31 2004 	Ajanta Hotel		
Dec 31 2004 	??????????		
Nov 21 2009 	gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis		
Nov 5 2009 	Sehr gut und jeder Zeit wieder		
Oct 26 2009 	ottimo il prezzo....ma non del tutto confortevole		
Jul 19 2009 	Le luxe à petit prix!		
Jun 26 2009 	Bien situé et bien tenu - Bon rapport qualité/prix		
Apr 24 2009 	bof		
Feb 27 2009 	pour les chambres ce n		
Feb 14 2009 	Hôtel impeccable		
Dec 21 2008 	Horrible ni se os ocurra		
Nov 11 2008 	beurk bruyant arnaque		
Oct 22 2008 	a eviter!!!		
Sep 17 2008 	??????????		
Sep 15 2008 	hotel a fuire  croyez moi		
Feb 1 2008 	Im Ajanta haben wir uns wohlgefühlt		
Nov 18 2007 	engaños continuos		
Sep 12 2007 	Zimmer und Preise genau checken!		
Oct 26 2009 	Dont bother!	We paid for the best room ! - The electricity was constantly going off for long periods. OK this may be part of the Indian way but why advertise it as 24/7 electricity. Even when the electricity was on the shower NEVER worked - not good for the price of the room!!it was dirty and grubbyThe staff were unfriendly and rude.The only decent person there was in the roof top restaurant - he was a really nice chapDont go there - spend your money elsewhere!!	
Aug 26 2009 	Great value place for backpackers	A great place to stay for backpackers and those travelling on a budget- probably one of the more decent choices in the area as the adjacent hotels we had seen were disgusting. We paid 700 INR a night for a double room which was clean with a/c, hot water, and even a plasma screen tv! Great value for money. The hotel had a relaxed communal area with pool tables, a German bakery and cheap internet/ wifi service. The only thing I didn't like was the food service in which I found the staff quite slack and the orders took ages to arrive.The location is fine if you want to be part of the hustle and bustle (the hotel is surrounded by local bazaars), but if not it can be quite chaotic. Generally, Ajay Guest House offers good budget accomodation and I would definately return there again.	
Jun 13 2009 	basic accomodation - Good area	We have stayed at Ajay's 2 times and would stay there again.It is basic accomodation in the busy Paharganj area.The rooms can be a bit gloomy and typical indian bedding ( thin mattreses) but you get what you pay for.The bathrooms do have a western toilet and hot and cold water which is another bonus.They also have cheap internet on site and a travel desk to book tours and change money. The restaurant down stairs is alway busy and has nice toasted sandwiches and cakes they call it the german bakery.If you want to stay in the paharganj area then this is in the middle of the hustle and bustle and is ok for the price ( the prices have gone up since i stayed there last).	
Feb 27 2009 	Terrible Terrible Terrible	We had made a reservation via e-mail based on recommendations in a guide book. Our reservation and price were confirmed as were our travel arrangements. However, when we arrived after an overnight train, we were told the only room available was double the price we agreed. The staff were rude, aggressive, totally unwilling to explain to us why the reservation had not been held. They accused us of not having made a reservation and then when we could prove we had, they then told us we were too late arriving, 90 mins after our train was due to arrive at a station 40 mins away, even though they had our train details. The room we were offered did appear clean, however, it was the appalling manner in which we were treated which left a lasting impression. If you are staying here, confirm, re confirm, print your e-mails from them and have a back up plan.	
Jan 15 2009 	Everything a backpacker guest house should be and more!	I have regularly stayed at the Ajay hotel over the past 10 years, mostly in the budget rooms (basic: room, bed, bathroom - that's it). This most recent visit, I stayed in one of their refurbished rooms on the third floor and I was most impressed. 600 INR per night for a good sized, immaculate AC double room (with sheets and blankets), with wide screen TV, cable and en suite bathroom.As well as an excellent location, what i like about the Ajay is that it provides everything the India backpacker could want - lots of communual meeting/hang out areas (roof top cafe, seating areas on each floor, a bakery/cafe, pool table and internet cafe - and all at a budget price for those trying to stretch their pennies as far as they will go.On the downside, few of the rooms have a window, which can be disorientating if your body clock demands daylight to know what time of day or night it is, and the large open design of the building means that noise travels rather too well within the building. Use ear plugs. On the plus side, tucked up a little side street off the main Parharganj market road, it misses much of the street noise. Overall, the Ajay is an excellent and dependable budget hotel by Indian standards and I have always found the staff to be friendly and helpful (actually, about 10 years ago, I got a bit of a bollocking from the manager for not locking my room properly one time, but that is a different story - it did show me that he took security seriously) and is a safe and secure place in the &quot;downtown&quot; part of New Delhi.	
Nov 7 2008	Terrible place!!!	I found address in internet and contact with them. They replied so I deside to stay there. Thanks for God I pay only for one night! That place is horrible! And absolutely agree with other comments!	
Apr 11 2007	Horrible place to stay	This was my first visit to Delhi, and I have to say i was really horrified by this guesthouse. I'd already been travelling for 4 months and i dont think my standards are particularly high. It put the grubbiest of my student flats to shame! I arrived at about 3am, so was tired after a long flight and was picked up(arrnaged through guesthouse) in a small van which didnt start, we had to get pushed several times by strangers in the street! The room i got was tiny, like a prison cell. The white walls were covered in dirty grimy marks and dead insect stains.The bed was old and though i think the sheets were relatively clean, the place had a grimy dirty feel to it. The bathroom was disgusting, old, falling apart and felt dirty. I also had the nasty experience of someone waking me up at about 3am the next night knocking on my door. I said hello a few times but no one answered me and i could hear feet shuffling outside.I didnt open the door as im a lone female traveller but it made me very scarred. Thankfully i had bolted the door. Needless to say i left after one night.	
Dec 18 2006 	Grubby and unfriendly	My husband and I have just spent 2 nights at Ajays. It's not at all like the guide books say. The bathroom was filthy, the sheets were stained, there were men lurking on each floor. The staff were unhelpful and unfriendly. We asked for the bathroom to be cleaned as it was so filthy it obviously hadn't been cleaned in months, they didn't clean it. We won't be going back. On the plus side you do get cable TV which is a good distraction from the dirtyness!	
Apr 10 2006	Who likes sticky beds?	It may be recommended by many guide books, but frankly speeking, I found the Ajay Guest House in Pahar Ganj (the Main Bazaar) really horrible. Our room was dirty, the bed was sticky - I don't know whether the bedlinnen was cleaned at all, but they should definitely changer their washing powder, if yes. Staff wasn't helpful, either, and they overcharged on the airport pick-up (450 Rs instead of 300 Rs at the prepaid booth). It might be cheap for Delhi (ca 500 Rs for a double room) but in my opinion, it's not worth even that. There are better places at the same rate around.Ajay Guest House, Delhi, India, Paharganj, 5084 Main Bazaar Tél : --- Email : ---	
Feb 12 2009 	?????		
Jan 29 2009	????????		
Aug 12 2008	?????????		
Oct 18 2009 	Top Notch	I was a great fan of the erstwhile Lodhi Hotel on whose site hotel Aman now stands. Located in one of the best locations of the city on Lodhi Road, Aman is another name for luxury.Right from their branded luxurious Ambassidor taxis to private pools in every suite they have it all. I stayed in a 2 bedroom suite for two nights on the 4th floor with my family and we were treated like royals. Every small bit was taken care of. The staff was helpful to the core. Unlike other hotels the uniform of the staff was ethnic Indian and really smart. One of the unique thing about Aman is the &quot;jharokhas&quot;, in the corridors which allowed partial light to pass in making very beautiful and unique atmosphere. Well worth a visit if one can afford.	
May 11 2009 	Oh My Gosh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	From the view of a 13 year old.The Aman New Delhi was the most amazing hotel I have ever stayed in! I am 1 of 4 children in my family. We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite on the 7th floor of the building. We had a huge balcony, a private plunge pool and three plasma screen TV’s. We got two rollaways in the room making it big enough to sleep all of us. We only stayed for one night then caught a midnight flight to Hong Kong the next day. The parents went out during the day to do some shopping while we chilled at the hotel swimming in the pool, playing squash in the air conditioned courts, playing on one of the 3 tennis courts, exercising in the gym etc. They got back at 4:00 and we chilled some more. Then we got room service for dinner (which was very special because our dad does not like room service) and packed up for the airport. We were driven there in the specially made luxury made Aman ambassadors. The Aman New Delhi was awesome!![--]	
May 10 2009 	Stunning	My spouse and I live in New Delhi, but we stayed at this Aman to celebrate our anniversary. I agree with the previous reviewer - having lived in Delhi all my life, I can say with some confidence that this is by far the best hotel in the city.The highlight is the rooms. We had the basic one-bedroom suite, and it was absolutely gorgeous, and this I say even though I slightly preferred the rooms at Amanbagh. Judging from the other Amans' pictures, I'd say this is probably one of the nicest looking rooms in their repertoire. The plunge pool area with the daybed and large balcony is especially gorgeous, what with the light streaming in through the jharokas. The service was very good and the the massage rooms were well done. The head assistant manager was amazingly helpful - he helped my wife set up the surprise, showed her all the rooms she wanted to see so she could pick the one with the best view, and many other little things.On the downside, the lobby area as well as some other areas were unimpressive, the food was ho-hum, not at all tailored to the Indian palate, and the choice of vegetarian food was sparse. The hookah they made for us was terrible, so steer clear. They claim that they have a mughal architecture, and aside from one or two design features, they don't (but who's complaining?). The pool is nice, but not nearly as good as some other Amans.  Also I would suggest going after September (that's when they properly open) if you want to avail of any of the following services - hammam, steam and sauna, one of which we did but were not told aforehand of its unavailability.We were there on a Sunday, and the church nearby had a huge procession going on from like 4 in the morning. They sang very loud, and the songs were atrocious to boot, and really ruined my night... I couldn't sleep for more than 3 hours. So check up on this - I don't know if it's a Sunday morning thing or if it was some occasion.Despite it's shortcomings, hopefully all temporary, the room is so amazing that I can't justify taking off a star.	
May 3 2009 	Best Hotel in Delhi	The Aman New Delhi was not fully open on April 29th when I was there. Only 3 suites and about 2 dozen rooms were open, but all were occupied. Even the local taxi drivers do not know it yet, so ask to go to the 'Lohdi Hotel' -- the site of the new Aman. If you are an Aman Lover, this place will not let you down. Ask to stay on the top floor of the aman wing. You can see Humayan's tomb in the distance from 803. All the rooms and plunge pools face inward and are very private. Service is insane.Don't miss the Tapas bar or the spa. Each spa room has its own steam and make sure to book the room for at least 3 hours between treatments. They are currently running a 550$/Night special (Plus fees and luxury tax) so it definitely worth the splurge during this soft opening period.	
Nov 16 2009	FEEL JUST LIKE HOME	amarya garden,located in posh area is the best hotel where u can relax just like your own home.it has beautiful interiors,absolutely clean and furnished rooms and provides basic facilities like internet access,laundry,television,centrally air conditioned.it provides 24 hour room service with facilities like doctor on call,travel desk,conference,electronic safe lockers and not only this airport pick up and drop,taxi service,well mannered staff-best that i have ever met,always looking forward to welcome its guests with qualityservice.its the hotel which offers comfortable accomodation at a reasonable price	
Nov 16 2009 	amarya garden is a nice hotel with nice response to any querygreat food	amarya garden is a nice hotel with good staff, nice response to any query,taste of food is really good.you must stay in this hotel........just go there and see..............	
Aug 17 2009 	Can't say enough good things about this place.	After traveling throughout India for three months, I can say that this was one of my favorite places of the entire trip. I think Amaraya Garden really colored my experience of Delhi, and it's a big reason why I enjoyed the city so much.The location is great, because it's in Defense Colony which is a lovely neighborhood. The rooms are beautiful and the staff was the best we encountered the entire trip. Breakfast is included and they tell you to order anything you want. And they mean it. Most importantly, it's obvious that the owners want you to walk away having the best experience possible. That is supposed to be the motto of any hotel, but the people here actually follow through with action. Amaraya Garden is owned by two Frenchmen, but one was out of the country when we were there. The other owner, Alex, was a fantastic host. We stayed for four nights, but I would have been happy staying there indefinitely. I think the reason we loved the hotel so much was that they were able to make an incredibly refined B&amp;B that felt like a home we had been living in for months. I can't explain it better than that. If you're staying in Delhi, this should be the first place you try to stay. It's a great value and it will greatly enhance your time in Delhi.	
Aug 11 2009 	FABULOUS	If like us you like this kind of hotels where you just feel like at home, where you are expecting for a welcoming friendly and personnalized service, here is the place you should go in Delhi. We stayed there 2 nights after a nice trip around India right before flying back to Europe, and if it had been possible to stay longer we would have signed immediately. The rooms are lovely, very well decorated and EXTREMELY clean (which is a great point in India!). The hotel is tiny and that might be one of the reason why the staff is taking a so good care of you. Baptiste, one of the manager, was absolutely lovely to us and made us feel like at home. Anything we were asking, he could do it or find it for us, he recommended us a wonderfull restaurant, give us the perfect spot to try yoga, and the dance show he proposed us was just extraordinary great. Even if it was very hot outside, the garden is the perfect place to relax and enjoy a book with a cocktail. We wish we could go back next time we visit India. If you are looking for a room in Delhi, do not even think twice and go there !!	
Jul 5 2009 	A real treasure - what a wonderful introduction to Delhi	While my partner had travelled to India many time on business, it was my first time. The Amarya Gardens was such a wonderful way to ease myself into India - spacious room, beautifully decorated, very clean with incredible service. Staff very friendly and owner gave us great advice on how to approach Delhi and our days there (Go to Karim's restaurant - I still dream of the food there). Breakfast was fabulous, very fresh and delicious. The building itself was unique and the garden a welcome respite from our sightseeing. We loved it - would definitely go back.	
Jun 27 2009 	An oasis of calm.	Excellent food, lovely ambience, quiet &amp; restful. Its like a home away from home. Nice location with the Defence Colony market within walking distance. Rooms are very clean and so's the bathroom. Excellent service, very friendly staff - an oasis of calm in a city like Delhi. We liked their use of hand crafted soaps and toiletries as well as the clean linen. Much better than many places in Delhi which charge you more for less. Will definitely stay there again. Only downside is that locks on the doors need to be changed.	
May 22 2009 	Charming Boutique Hotel with great ambience a beautiful garden and so centrally located!	We had the most memorable stay here and would love to return again and again! We stayed in the &quot;Golden Room&quot; - it was so grand and spacious, beautifully decorated and very very clean indeed! The bathroom was spacious and very clean too. The Dining Room and the lounge had a lovely ambiance and it was so tastefully decorated, I loved the chandelier in the Dining Area. We were served lovely breakfast in the garden, and were greeted by one of the French owners, who was so charming and caring. The entire staff was very attentive and polite and always attended to our needs. I would definitely recommend this charming, beautiful boutique hotel to everybody - just experience it!	
May 14 2009 	Perfect in every way!!	My daughter had been on a gap year in Southern India and we decided to meet her in Delhi and spend a few days together. We chose the hotel based on the reviews in Trip Advisor and we were not disappointed. Tthe hotel is run by a French couple who are in the textile business. This is almost a new venture for them as they were responding to the needs of others in the textile industry that come to Delhi frequently. Its not a normal hotel and I would best describe it as staying at home with concerned parents. It even looks like a family home and has the same feel. When my daughter came up from Goa they picked her up at the airport and provided her with a driver to get around during the day and fed her for three days before we showed up. The driver plus car cost about £12 - £15 per day which is very reasonable. All the staff are very attentive and the breakfasts were excellent. The hotel is in a gated enclosure of a couple of square miles and all the gates bar one close at night. That can be tricky later on when you eat outside the community. Fortunately the shops and restaurants inside are very good and varied so there is no need to venture.outside.	
Mar 22 2009 	Exceptionally well run staffed and comfortable botique hotel	This review is authored by a 66 year old Professor from a major research university in the USA who has stayed in countless hotels, large and small, around the world. From the arrangements for a driver to initially meet me and subsequently return me to the airport, the managers and staff of the Amarya Garden hotel worked tirelessly to ensure my stay at their hotel was comfortable and that my every need was given personal attention. Alex and Matheu are excellent managers of the hotel and truly care about their guests every need. Athaliya, Pasha, Charles and the other members of the staff act as if they are also owners in that they attend to every need with a smile and a &quot;can do&quot; attitude. The rooms and beds are large, very comfortable and quiet. The garden area contains many beautiful plantings and serves as a lovely place for meals. The chefs are well trained and can prepare an exceptional meal around almost any theme: Indian, vegetarian, Continental, etc. The hotel has arrangements with an excellent taxi service staffed with drivers who know Deli well and are attentive to their customers needs. As such, I personally award this hotel the maximum number of stars for an exceptionally comfortable five day stay in a bustling capital city.	
Mar 5 2009 	This is the one in New Delhi	This is the most lovely place. Friendly, clean, great food, comfortable rooms and beds, in a safe convenient little enclave in New Delhi. Thank you other TA members who reviewed it. We met Alex who is one of the owners and he is just great. He employs lovely staff, Delphine, Gregoire and Jaspreet (who dealt with our booking in such a prompt and sweet way) deserve a very special mention.The hotel is in a very safe area, they have a guy on guard during the night outside just in case. Its lovely and quiet with trees in the garden yet Delhi is right out the gate and turn left or right and walk a bit, lots of shops restaurants within easy reach. Its not far from the airport.We used the hotel as a base during our month away returning there in the middle and at the end, 6 nights in all. They kept luggage for us that we didnt need on the various parts of our trip. Our room was perfect each time we returned with lovely flowers, clean beds, lots of lovely soaps, (see the previous review), towels, bath robes, in fact everything you would expect from 5* but most definitly not at a 5* price.Can not miss a mention for their cooks and chefs. They offer 24 hour restaurant/room service and they really mean it. You can get any kind of food you fancy any time. Just ask, Indian, fabulous, French, delicious, Mexican literally anything. They have got chefs from some great places including the US Embassy I believe. We had some of the best food of our trip at Amarya Garden.Thank you Alex and all the staff we hope to be back again one day soon.	
Feb 19 2009 	Excellent response to reservation query	I sent an email query and received a prompt and pleasant answer. They efficiently followed up again to remind me that they were still holding the room for me. Unfortunately my trip plans changed and I can't stay at Amarya Garden. But I am impressed with their professionalism and I will certainly stay there in the future.	
Jan 11 2009 	Amazing Amarya!!	I simply cannot praise Amarya Garden and the staff enough! We stayed 4 nights over Christmas and it was just a fantastic experience, especially as it was our first time in Delhi.The room was lovely, the breakfast room, lounge, garden were all just beautifully decorated and kept. The staff were all really nice and helpful, especially Delphine, and well, I do not think I have ever praised a place this much!It is not cheap for India, but what a treat it is and when summed up it is total value for money.I can highly resommend Amarya Garden	
Jan 5 2009 	Absolutely brilliant the best antidote to a busy day in Delhi	We booked directly with the hotel and stayed there in December on either side of a friend's wedding in Gujurat. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the hotel to anyone, it is lovely. We were bowled over by how belpful everyone was, and even though the hotel only has 4 rooms it has everything you could need. We ate in the hotel several times and were very pleased with the food, the chef is around most of the time and you can pretty much decide what you would like and when, instead of having a fixed menu.It's not far into the centre of town - about 20 minutes by moto-rickshaw. I have to say that Delhi is quite hard work, in my opinion, but I would say that having somewhere as restful as this to go back to at the end of the day was well worth the money.We stayed in the Gold Room, which was really lovely. The room was enormous and had a comfortable bed (!!!), occasional furniture and nice bathroom. Really nice decor, it's like being in a quirky friend's house.Just an indication of the thoughtfulness of the staff, it was my husband's birthday on one of the days we stayed and they gave him a lovely bouquet of flowers! In short, if I was going back to Delhi I wouldn't think twice about staying here again. In fact, I wish they would open some in other places too!	
Nov 9 2008 	an oasis in Dehi; a wonderful find	If you are not particularly into generic five star hotels, then stay at Amarya Garden or Haveli during your time in Delhi. I have been to Delhi many times and stayed at a variety of hotels. Amarya Garden was by far the best - the location is great (Defence Colony in South Delhi), the rooms are beautifully decorated in a funky and individual way and the service is excellent. Both the Garden and Haveli (in Hauz Khas) are more guest houses than hotels but that is part of the charm for me. Neither have many rooms but both operate a 24 hour kitchen, do laundry and can arrange transport services. They both have wifi internet and one night we decided to stay in and they prepared us a lovely dinner. Breakfast is also served as the norm and in the Garden you can eat it in the garden. If your budget stretches to it I would chose the Garden but we also stayed in the Haveli and it was lovely. I will definitely stay again and recommend it to all my friends.	
Sep 3 2008 	Funky and wonderful!	What a delightful place the Amarya Garden is! I have not experienced a nicer place to stay in any of India's metropolitan centres. Staying at the Amarya Garden is like staying at the house of a friend with good taste, but with all of the comfort and service of a good hotel. With just four rooms, the place is cozy, and guests get full run of the funky sitting and dining rooms. The service is wonderful, and there is 24-hour room service, including reasonably priced wine and beer. Delphine, the manager, and all of the staff were incredibly kind and friendly throughout our short stay.Our room, the Green Room, was very nicely appointed - scented candles, comfy pillows, a little balcony shaded by a large tree, and a modern bathroom with a rainhead shower. The breakfasts were wonderful, including French-style crepes and perhaps the best cup of coffee we had in our 2 months in Delhi.There are lots of other small touches - free wireless internet; they can arrange a car and driver, and charge it directly to your room bill so you don't have to worry about negotiating with the driver; they even do mobile phone hire at a decent rate. The location is great - just 5 minutes' walk to Defence Colony market, with its plethora of good restaurants, bars, and shops. There is no question that I will stay here again on my next visit to Delhi!	
Jan 27 2008	Amazing	If you do only one thing in Delhi, then stay at Amarya Garden! this place is amazing and probably the best place i have stayed. Its a little boutique place - only 4 bedrooms (so book ahead!). We had the gold room which was just stunning and the service is exceptional. Breakfast is amazing as is dinner and nothing is too much trouble. The hotel is located in a quiet residential area and v quiet (which is heaven after been in India for 2 months). It was my last stay in India after 2 months and I'm glad I stayed there - just wish it could have been longer!	
Dec 27 2007 	Tranquillity amongst chaos	What can I say about this place...........pretty special and one that goes down as a must when recommending to others. The room, the people, the service, simply impeccable. My partner and I stayed here after three weeks touring around India and this really did represent the best way to sign off a great three weeks. Unlike the big five star hotels which provide exorbitant fees but not much else, Amarya Garden's represent value of money if there is such a thing.A big thank you to the hotel manager Aparna Sethi and her attentive staff who couldn't have done anymore to make us both feel welcome. The homely atmosphere was even more welcome when my partner developed a bout of Delhi Belly and Gandhi's revenge at the same time. Their caring attitude was a real plus for which Anna will be always grateful. I could go on, but I think you get the message. You can stay at a lot cheaper places and a lot more. This is the best of both worlds. I just hope anyone staying on my recommendation likes the place as much as ourselves. Enjoy.	
Nov 5 2007 	Haven	If you've heard about Amarya Garden (or it's sister Amarya Haveli which is apparently wonderful) then you'll probably already know how exceptional it is. It's away from the main tourist areas but you'd be lucky to find a hideaway like this anywhere in the centre. My room was a cocoon in the mayhem of Delhi, combining European taste with Indian history. The staff made me feel incredibly welcome - like a guest in their home. In fact it is more like a home than a hotel. It is in a residential area but that means you can come and go hassle-free and take an autorickshaw or taxi wherever you need to go. Worth every penny (and it cost quite a few!) but still cheaper than some of the ropey hotels on offer in Delhi.	
Aug 9 2009 	Un petit coin de paradis		
Jan 28 2009 	Hôtel à recommander		
	Delightful period hotel with scope for improvement	If, as seems inevitable, you're landed with paying extortionate prices for Delhi hotel rooms, you may as well go for the period charms of the Ambassador. Lovely ambience and location. Solicitous staff. Bedrooms furnished in a tastefully understated manner. Here are some suggestions for improvements: 1. Beds are a bit military in their springing. Something a little bit more luxurious would be appreciated. And pillows with a natural filling really should be the default in a hotel of this standard.2. When every bedroom overlooking the centre court enjoys the luxury of a balcony, why not make more of it? Put a couple of chairs out on them, perhaps?3. The public areas are not used as well as they could be. The 'Yellow Brick Road' really doesn't make the grade as a coffee shop in a hotel of this status. With its hard chairs, lighting and surfaces, it enjoys all the ambience of a works canteen. Escape from its noise into the softer surroundings of the bar and you're assailed by a Philippino karaoke duo. Please, a little bit of quiet. And the only smart restaurant in the hotel is Chinese. Am I missing something here? Why do I want to eat Chinese food in India?	
Oct 31 2009 	The worst ever	Poor hotel which needs an urgent renovation. Baware that &quot;balcony&quot; does not mean &quot;nice view&quot;. My room was in front of the Air Con system of the hotel, ugly view but also extremly noisy nights and days.But the WORST.....If you like to be bothered during your night by MOUSES running into the air conditionning system of your room then you'll be delighted (I mention MOUSES because I've SEEN them into the grill of my Air Con in my room...).. Insane!	
Sep 20 2009 	Good location spacious rooms	The Ambassador is a charming hotel with a soul. Excellent service from check in to check out, clean and spacious rooms and bathroom. Khan market is in walking distance. Draw back: Small breakfast room and limited selection of food for breakfast. High cost for internet access: 662 IR for 24 hrs. The Ambassador would be my first choice for New Delhi except for the small breakfast room and the very limited selection of breakfst choices.	
Sep 3 2009 	Taj Ambassador - Damaging the Taj brand	This hotel is not worthy of sporting the Taj brand - had this been the first Taj that I had been too, it would have also have been the last. I associate the Taj brand as one of quality but the Ambassador is simply not worthy.The experience begins as you drive up to the hotel, the poor quality barriers to stop traffic alert you to the cheap and nasty nightmare that lies within. As you approach the building, with paint fading, peeling and the landscaping needing serious attention then it starts to feel like a substandard hotel.The lobby is small but acceptable but the reception desk is small and old-fashioned. The service is acceptable but nothing more. The cost of a room is far too high for what is being offered.The walk to my room showed the hotel decor to be tired and dated, it smelled musty and was crying out to be refurbished. My room was terrible - nasty furniture, uncomfortable bed and awful bathroom. I would rather have stayed in a $30 room in Delhi - at least I would have got what I paid for.The quality of the food at the restaurants was not up to the quality of the Mumbai Taj hotels and I could not get myself to stay longer than one night. I checked out and moved to a nearby decent hotel.Taj - drop the brand or spend some money. This hotel is doing you a disservice.The d	
Jul 22 2009 	Close to perfect stay- and will be coming back	Was here for a week of business at the beginning of July and as I am here in Delhi again for another week I booked again at the Ambassador as I had such a pleasant stay my first go around. I will be coming back to Delhi several times over the coming months and I fully intend to stay here.The room themselves are excellent- clean and spacious with great work space (important since I spend a great deal of time working at my computer from my hotel room). Service in the hotel is great as they have a very polite, efficient and helpful staff. They can almost be too helpful at times and I've taken to leaving the &quot;Do not disturb&quot; light on to avoid the seemingly incessent knocks at my door asking if I need anything.The food is also excellent in all 3 restaurants as well as from room service. Only criticism I really have is for the lounge- InSomnia. It could be a great place to relax, if the music weren't so bad- apparently he feels that at the end of a business day a lone business traveller wants to listen to heart-jarring disco beats...Overall great hotel- terrible DJ.	
Jun 19 2009 	Lovely stay	I stayed at Ambassador quite a few times in the past, but this time it wasnt really the same. No dont get me wrong, it was largely because of the metro construction close by that the approach to the hotel became quite a pain. Anyways, i did spent three days in the hotel and the place - once you get inside - has its own quiet charm. The rooms are pretty spacious and I did like the fact that they still have the old kind of balconies in the room where you can go out and stand. The restaurant - Yellow brick stone is quite a hit both for the in-guests and outsiders. It surely has a nice warm feel to it and the menu card in the form of a newspaper was very pretty. The pub is mostly deserted and i didnt find much crowd there and you do feel a bit silly sitting all by yourself in a pub - although the interior and the decor is done quite well. But there is a bit of an old legacy feel to the hotel - in the way its constructed, in the way you see the interiors and also the way you get treated. Room service was pretty good as is the case with most Taj hotels. Overall a pretty good stay at the hotel and i do hope that the metro construction finishes soon so that the approach to the hotel becomes as smooth as it used to be in the past.	
Jun 3 2009 	Good spacious rooms	Huge rooms and bathrooms. Taj service as usual impeccable. Dont expect great views from your balcony. Nearby metro construction can be noisy sometimes. Has a great Non Veg Thali in room service menu	
May 29 2009 	Business pleasure	I found the Ambassador Hotel very convenient. It is certainly well-located, next to the airport. The rooms are clean and comfortable. No complanits about the service.	
May 6 2009 	perfect location for a short business trip	While on a short trip for a conference nearby, I found the Ambassador Hotel very convenient. It is certainly well-located, next to the airport. The rooms are clean and comfortable. No complanits about the service.It may not be the best hotel for the money you pay but it is certainly convenient for a business trip as you avoid travelling on the busy Delhi roads.	
May 1 2009 	I loved the location and the service quality.	It was way back in Feb 2008, when me and my family members decided to visit New Delhi.We were advised by our relatives that the Ambassador, (A part of the Taj Group), is the best hotel available for us, reason being Khan market just next to it.We really had a good time, though or stay was short, but the location and the service quality of the hotel is excellent. The staff is so polite and co operative, which is something I really liked.	
Apr 27 2009 	great hotel in good lcoation	Very good hotel, rooms are large and the staff are friendly and efficient. Good choice at breakfast, insomnia bar is a good choice for drinks and dinner in the Chinese restaurant was good. Taxis are available on demand at the door and the hotel is in a good location. Khan market is a few minutes walk with a good selection of shops for essentials or gifts and some restaurants.	
Apr 19 2009 	great rooms	Rooms are large as well as the bathrooms. Very comfortable. Loved the large tv screen.	
Apr 19 2009 	Business with pleasure	As a formal guest of the United Nations(UNAIDS),going back to Delhi(the city of my alma mater,AIIMS) was indeed very exciting-both in anticipation and also in real terms..The visit was very different from the other official visits to Delhi for formal meetings at NACO,Govt of India where I have queue up to get a pre- paid cab and go through the rituals of shouting my name and destination to the traffic cop supposedly working for the convenience and safety of the passengers.It was real treat to be welcomed by a turbaned and liveried chauffeur with an attendant carrying an exclusive placard with my name calligraph ed as in my MBBS and MD degrees.The big limousine (or at leas t it looked like one to me -used to travelling in black and yellow ambassador taxis with noisy body parts and noisier drivers) or whatever that 'AMBASSADOR vehicle' was, had air conditioned at the right temperature and humidity levels.Before taking my permission to stay back at the airport treated me royally by offering a glass of cold water in a tray which also had the newspaper and two magazines to be read in a drive which any case could not last longer than 25 minutes .Quite expectedly the services in the hotel definitely matched with the 'mobile' outreach services extended to me in the car itself.Indeed an experience I cherish to this day.	
Apr 17 2009 	good location	location is close to the airport. lobby is good but the services are not great.	
Apr 16 2009 	Great Place	Excellent place to stay. i would defintely like to be there again	
Mar 24 2009 	Bit surprised by the reviews we didnt find this value	It is a while since we stayed here but well over 300usd a night is not value for this level of hotel. Delhi clearly has a lack of supply when it comes to hotel rooms as everything was booked solid. This was the most expensive accomodation of our trip and yet the most average accomodation - compared to the TAJ in Mumbai and Goa very basic. The room was large but very basic (felt a bit like an old boarding room with a nice tv). Front desk service was ordinary but the concierge woman was fantastic. Location is quite good being a short walk from Khan mkt and Lodhi gardens. We used a car service one day from the hotel and it was fine. The pool is a tiny above ground pool (the type u used to see in aussie backyards in the 70's and 80's). Brekkie in the little coffee shop was pleasant. Would stay here again if the price was considerably lower.	
Mar 16 2009 	Delhi's best value 5-star service	The decor may not be quite as ritzy as its sister Taj hotels, but this is a great hotel for the price. Amazing service, delicious room service and top-notch linens, toiletries etc. I cannot say enough about the hospitable and helpful staff. When this hotel is discounted on websites, it is well worth the extra $30-$50 over other mid-range hotels. Outstanding location too - walking distance to Western-catering Khan market.	
Feb 5 2009 	Very Nice Hotel	Great Staff, Nice Decor, Big Rooms, Very Comfortable Beds, Good Food. Downsides were a hotel pick up from the Airport that was 45 minutes late, very small lifts and the price of the hotel is a bit too much for what the hotel provides.	
Jan 23 2009 	If you have to stay in a Delhi hotel ........	Delhi is under-hoteled and therefore over priced. Ambassador is not the best hotel in town: it may be the best value for money. Some may say that it cries for a refurb. There are past their time tenanted shops on the ground floor outside. The retail concessions inside are modest. The nearby Khan Market is one of Delhi's best shopping areas, and blessed with interesting small, international-menu restaurants. For India it is relatively quiet, just out of town, mercifully free of beggars and con-men at the door. We appreciated the large rooms, fairly well appointed, even if they were done some time ago.During the extension of the Delhi Metro the pool was out of bounds. Management kindly provided free transport to the better pool and gym of the nearby Taj Hotel.	
Jan 21 2009 	Ambassador was pretty good	The Ambassador hotel is a clean, western style hotel that made a good base for us for our first few days in India. The rest of the trip we stayed in much less posh hotels, but this was a comforting place to first land. It looks like your average American 3 star hotel. What made it great for us was that the staff was extremely helpful, the driver they provided was really great, and they went out of our way to help us navigate Delhi and arrange the rest of our trip. I'd recommend this to people looking to ease into India.	
Jan 2 2009 	Highly Recommend this Hotel	I stayed at the Ambassador Hotel for 2 nights. The room was large, comfortable, and nicely appointed. This is an older hotel with a nice ambiance.The construction for the Delhi Metro was right outside my window. When I saw it, I immediately asked to be moved to a different room. I was told it would be impossible that night, but they could move me the next day. However, I was not overly bothered by the noise and decided to stay in the original room for my second night.The restaurant provided an adequate, tasty breakfast buffet.There are three roof top patios’ (all on the same floor). They are hard to find but nice to sit on.The hotel staff are very friendly and efficient.I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Dec 27 2008	Very conveniently located	I spent a most enjoyable 2 1/2 days at the Ambassador just before Christmas. The location was perfect for the places I wanted to visit, and when the metro subway station that is being constructed next door is completed in a couple of years, this will become one of the most conveniently located hotels in the city.As at other hotels in the city, in response to the recent terrorist attack in Mumbai, security measures were taken quite seriously. All vehicles were searched before being allowed to enter the grounds, and visitors and guests were required to pass through metal detectors, in addition to being physically searched and having any packages scanned for suspicious contents. In fact, there was a veritable army of security personnel on hand at the gates and the entrance (I saw more staff there than anywhere else in the entire hotel).As noted in other reviews, this is not one of the premier Taj properties. If you are looking for glitz and glitter, or are booking a room for your honeymoon, you'll do far better to look at the sister Taj down the road. But if you are just looking for a safe, clean, and comfortable place to lie down at night, you should consider the Ambassador if you can get it at a reasonable price.I had searched for a room on kayak.com, which led me to a discount hotel room broker where I was able to book a room for Rs. 6580 per night before taxes (about US$ 136). (Note that, as at other hotels, the taxes substantially increase the total cost.) Right before booking through the internet, I had called the hotel to inquire as to the lowest rate available and was quoted approximately Rs. 11000 -- so check for internet discounts before you book!Wireless internet access cost an additional fee -- about Rs. 750 per 24 hours. I had no problems at all getting a strong signal from my room. (But internet access in a business hotel in this day and age really should be included in the price of the room.)At check in, I requested a quiet room to avoid any noise from the metro station construction, and I was given a room in one of the triangular hotel's wings that faces away from the construction site. The room had a balcony that let in a lot of light, but overlooked a rather unattractive inner court. I wasn't disturbed by any noise from the metro construction site during my stay, but then I really didn't hear much noise coming from the site as I walked right by it several times over the course of my stay. On the other hand, I could clearly hear the voices of people in the hallway from my room. And there were occasional, tolerable noises from renovations that were apparently underwear elsewhere in the hotel.The room was immaculate and very comfortable, although the mattress was quite firm. There were faint traces of unpleasant odors in the hall outside my room (I think from painting or other renovation work) and from the airconditioner in the room (mouldy smell), but the temperature was such that it wasn't really necessary to turn on the aircon since there was also a fan in the room.All of the staff with whom I interacted, from check in, to housekeeping, to laundry staff, were gracious and friendly. (And, I might add, astonishingly attractive.)The fitness center was pretty rudimentary -- a couple of treadmills, a couple of other cardio machines, and some free weights. The pool is under renovation, but a car was offered to transport guests to the sister property down the road if a dip in the pool was desired.I very much appreciated that when I asked the staff the typical cost for a taxi to the airport, I was told that a hotel car was available (I think the fee was Rs. 1050 plus tax), but that an alternative was a black-and-yellow taxi for Rs. 350, which is what I took, after having to wait only a couple of minutes for the taxi to drive over. (Certain other hotels would not have mentioned that the lower-cost option was available.)My only complaint apparently arose from a misunderstanding at checkout. I had planned to pay for a 3-night stay, intending to check out on the third evening to catch an 11:00pm flight. As I was checking out, the clerk noted that the terms for the discounted rate of my room prohibited any modifications to the scheduled stay. He said that since I was checking out &quot;early&quot; (8 pm on the third night rather than before noon the following morning), I would be charged a full-night as a cancellation penalty. We got into an argument over whether or not this was a cancellation. In retrospect, I think he must have mistakenly thought I was trying to get the hotel to allow me to just pay for 2 nights and be allowed to check out very late on the third day (either that or he was just clueless).Overall, I would recommend a stay here if you can get a room under US $160 per night (maybe even $200 if it's high season and the supply of rooms in hotels of this caliber around the city are tight). I can't see paying anything like $300, such as mentioned in other reviews.	
Nov 13 2008	Odd Mixture of classic and modern	Like India itself, the Ambassador is hard to describe in a few sentences. It is a grand old property, with large &quot;staterooms.&quot; Mine had a huge balcony as well as a fireplace -- neither serving any purpose beyond decoration, but evoking some bygone era. The location is convfenient. The clientele is diverse and appears travel-wise. The restoration of the hotel is schitzophrenic. The hallways and rooms have some pictures and features invoking the Raj. To get to my 4th floor room, you had to walk outside on a funky roof terrace to get to the other wing. But these are offset by bad imitiations of charmless 1970's Holiday Inn room design, e.g. shower/bath and boxy, uncomfortable chairs. The breakfast restaurant is equally odd, a cramped space, painted yellow, far from the lobby, that could have been some roadside dive in the U.S., but incongruously decorated with colonial era posters and knicknacks.The staff is unfailingly cheerful and helpful on the whole, but i had some issues at checkout as they attempted to charge for airport shuttle service, which had been promoted as a free benefit. (They did erase the charge.) Internet wifi was unreliable. From what I've seen, there aren't many Delhi hotels that are neither pretentious nor seedy. The Ambassador fills that niche.	
Nov 4 2008 	Functional Hotel nice and quiet	Its an old colonial property perfectly converted into a great hotel. The service was excellent and just loved the restaurant, which reminded me of a typical American breakfast restaurant. The food was simply excellent and when we booked, they were offering a huge discount so got it at a very good price. It is very close to a central business area of New Delhi. I will suggest it for business travelers as well as for tourists. :-)	
Oct 13 2008 	Beware Construction Site night time work!!!!!	We arrived at The Ambassador on October 5th and checked in at around 10:30pm from the airport and were &quot;upgraded&quot; to a room which overlooked the construction site!!! working thru the entire night!!! Even with earplugs I could hear it!! Trying not to be rude or impolite I tried to deal with it but at 5am I had to go downstairs to complain... the front desk person said that the hotel was completely booked... they had a sign up apologizing for the noise ... if I had come down sooner she would have switched the room (it was fully booked? she just said) offered to let me sleep for a few hours in a room that someone just checked out of!!! I had to wait until Mr Vishal Sekhri arrived to resolve it. We were checking out at 9 am!!! he offered me 25% rate reduction and a snack for the road trip to Agra. Total charge for the room 210.00 USD after the discount. He also said that had I notified them earlier that he could possibly have worked something out with the other Taj Hotel in Delhi and moved us to the other hotel. We paid for our own breakfasts. He promised that he would contact the Taj View Agra to make sure that we had a nice stay... We arrived in Agra and the hotel is no longer the Taj View ... it's called The Gateway and is no longer part of the chain. I'm warning people not to stay there if they are offered a room on the construction side of the hotel... It was TOTALLY NOT FAIR ... not give us an option or tell us personally when we checked in. WHY!!!! would anyone &quot;UPGRADE&quot; a guest to a room which is affected by the construction noise that goes on all night!!!?? they should have told us personally when we checked in and NOT assumed that we read the sign about the construction noise... we didn't . It is so disrespectful and unfair to try to make people pay for that kind of room with out giving them an option. My niece stayed in an interior room and didn't hear the heavy machinery..her stay was fine. aesthetically nice hotel... I'm sure it would have been great if we weren't affected by the construction noise... please ask not to be placed in a room on that side or beware... for now.	
Sep 26 2008 	Pretty bulk standard hotel	Not a bad hotel - we had just finished a 19 hour train trip and were pretty exhausted, so the comfy bed was much appreciated - but it's quite old looking and very expensive for what it is. The Sheraton was full, which was how we ended here, but that is a much nicer (and cheaper) place. It's comfy but at £150 a night you don't really get your monies worth. We were only there for a few hours though, so did not get to sample anything much except the bed.Also, beware, the front desk will try to charge you in sterling, thereby giving you their exchange rate, which, like all hotels rates, is lower than you will get from you credit card company.	
Sep 19 2008 	Very good luxury value for money	Being a Taj hotel, I expected high quality amenities and service and that's definitely what we got. We stayed at the hotel for 14 days (4+5+5) during our holiday in India in their superior room, which is a bit bigger than the standard. The room was spacious with comfortable furniture and very attentive staff who ensured that the room was cleaned and tidied, twice a day, the bathroom was cleaned and checked twice a day and minibar was always well stocked. Fruit and small floral decorations were always fresh.The 24 hr restaurant is a bit small, but the breakfast is very good and the service is very good. I used the 24 hr business centre a few times, everything worked just as I wanted.We found Larry's (odd name for a Chinese restaurant) to be one of the better Chinese restaurants in Delhi - and we've tried a fair number of them. The hotel is next to Khan market, so going for a stroll to shops and restaurants is a breeze.The hotel is very central, just 1 km from India Gate, so getting to places all over Delhi is easy. I spent hours in the horrenduous Delhi traffic, so I really appreciated the 15-30 mins I saved daily (compared to the luxury hotels nearer the airport).Since the swimming pool was closed due to some construction work, we were offered a free car to drive us to the other Taj hotel just 2 minutes away and use all the facilities there just by showing them our room card. We charged our poolside expenses and retaurant bills to our room and when we were done, we just asked for a complementary car tht drove us back to the Ambassador free of charge. A bit more cumbersome than taking a lift down to the pool, but we can't grumble.Considering the price, we were genuinely surprised that this rennovated 1930's hotel was so luxurious.Will I stay there again? You bet.	
Sep 16 2008 	No Fuss Hotel	Taj Ambassador is situated near the Mansingh road and is easily one of the best localities in New Delhi. This hotel is not so grand but is a no fuss hotel. A top notch taj service is what you can express. Rooms are about 350 sqft. It has all the modern amenitites of a 5 star hotel. THe hotel is small and a cozy one. Ambassadors breakfast is a little small considering its Taj. But one can expect a great deal of ala -carte menu. If you dont look for grand lobbies at the hotel than this one is the best deal for you as you will be almost experiencing the 5star quality and service from the Ambassador. But ya dont forget to visit the Taj Mahal jus 700 mts away from the ambassador, its worth a watch.	
May 26 2008 	The Taj - Unplugged	The Hotel Taj Ambassador is one of the most affordable hotels of the Taj group.  A forty minute drive from the airport and your greeted by a white dressed doorman, not in his Taj uniform but with a Taj smile. The lobby is just about ok. Nothing special; no Belgium Chandeliers or Italian fabric sofas. No forty feet ceiling either. Decent though its what you would expect from a 3 star property in Delhi. The check in was really quick. In less than five minutes I was unpacking. The room was decent enough. It had a good sized bed, a sofa and table, mini office chair and desk, a large mirror, a wardrobe with locker, forty inch Samsung LCD TV and a mini bar. The daikin air con was really powerful to take the Delhi heat. The bathroom was really big. It had a huge mirror and bathtub. Sadly the only area where you can bath is in the tub. Careful as it can be slippery. The hotel has two restaurants and one bar. The first one is called the Yellow Brick Road. A small multi cuisine cum 24/7 coffee shop. Cant call this one as cozy or star decor. It serves the morning breakfast as well. The breakfast was nothing great, limited dishes and no live kitchen. They serve Polk. Something I didn't like. Usually Polk and beef are not served in breakfast in most hotels that I have been to, keeping in mind religious sentiments of the two communities. I could not try it for lunch or dinner as it was always packed. The second restaurant is called The Larry's China. With a limited menu choice the dishing are both spicy and pricey. A gravy dish is for anything between 475 to 1100 Inr. Many of my favorite dishes like Chinese fried chicken and fried ice cream were missing. The chef promised me these on my next visit. You may want to try the lemon chicken.  The bar was out of bounds for me as I don't drink. They have a gym and a spa ( affiliated to mystic ) on the fifth floor. It has two techno gym treadmills and two cross trainers along with a couple of free weights. No strength machines. The spa is with limited massage treatments.   The young staff ( many trainee's I assume ) are always on their toes. Anything you want its a smile Yes Sir and its done. They never seem to refuse to anything. I do believe the property has a swimming pool but I could visit it during my two day stay. The hotel exterior looked dated. It really needs a paint job. Moreover its sandwitched between two sets of apartments giving it a rather two star look. Lot of lazy taxi drivers sleeping around. All in all a good two day stay which was well worth the money. I booked through their web site as it makes it thirty percent cheaper than booking over their front office. The Taj experience is always unique. Whether its their five star property or a three star one. They really know how to take care of a guest. I have been to many hotels across the length and breath of my great country. This group really knows a guests needs and makes sure every stay is memorable. A group which believes in acquiring historical palaces and converting them into hotels rather than building modern structures. At checkout you would want to come back soon. A feeling very few hotels can offer you. However its Taj unplugged. If you want the full Taj experience try the one right behind this hotel. The big apple &quot;The Taj Mahal.&quot; I had the time to visit it. Its simply out of the world and can be compared to none other than The Imperial Delhi. On my next visit in july it would be between these two hotels.Best wishes	
Jan 28 2008 	Not the best Taj hotel but a good stay for the price	This is the lowest rent Taj hotel I've ever been to, but it was still clean and comfortable. I had the feeling that this was the hotel where the Taj organization trains a lot of their staff. We ran into at least 3 &quot;trainees&quot; while we were there 2 nights. The staff seemed rather confused in general, but luckily I didn't need to call on them for any emergencies/The building has a colonial feel. One quirk is that we had to walk through an uncovered outdoor patio on our floor to get from the elevator to our room. Next the Khan market and easily accessible everywhere by cab or tuktuk.The restaurants in the hotel were kinda lame. For a real treat, take a cab a few minutes up the street to the super posh Taj hotel and take your pick of fantastic restaurants.	
Dec 30 2007 	Good location but an 'international' hotel	This hotel is a very good standby for New Delhi. By far its best attraction is its location. It is in New Delhi so good wide streets, next door to Khan Market (not a market but a small area of good standard shops) and close to Lodi Gardens if you wanted a stroll. Also close to some good restaurants if you don't want to eat in the hotel.We stayed in heritage hotels for the rest of our stay so this hotel was never going to stand up by comparison. It is more of a business hotel. The rooms had no character but were big and clean. The breakfast was very average, service good but the food is not of the high quality we experienced the rest of our time in India. In conclusion, there was nothing wrong with the hotel but it just won't be one of the highlights of your trip. If you do stay, the Chick Inn about a 10/15 minute walk is well worth the effort. It was recommended to us by our guide. Apart from us, the rest of the people in there were Indians which was good testimony. The walk to the place is mostly on main roads and we felt very safe. Try the garlic bread.	
Nov 12 2007 	Quirky Hotel	I received a lovely welcome after arriving exhausted into Delhi. This level of warmth, professionalism was shown by all staff thoughout my stay. The internal restaurants were great too - very quirky - bordering in kitsch but very humourous too. The location was great, rooms good size and it was great to go for a walk in the nearby park in the mornings before the heat of the day. A little dated but that adds to the charm!	
Aug 30 2007	A First Rate Hotel	We stayed at the Ambassador Hotel, New Delhi, from the 23rd – 24th July 2007. Our party consisted of two adults and two young children. We were en route from Calcutta to Trivandrum using Rajdhani Express rail services.Our suite at the Ambassador was absolutely huge, clean and well maintained. We found staff at this property to be efficient and eager to please. Once settled in we went to their small swimming pool, accessed by walking through the ‘Yellow Brick Road’ coffee shop on the ground floor. We were there for around a couple of hours and the kids had a bite to eat whilst the adults read the newspapers and magazines poolside.I was feeling a bit under the weather, which had nothing whatsoever to do with the hotel. I ended up going to bed for the rest of the day. Staff offered to get a Doctor, which I declined. They came round with a number of bottles of mineral water at no extra cost, which I thought was a nice gesture. I had no dinner, however the other family members did eat downstairs. They thought the food was fine. In their absence I was able to connect to the hotel’s Wi Fi network.Breakfast at the Yellow Brick Road café was actually very good. Chicken sausages, beans, hash browns, cold meat, fruit, cereals, local food, croissants, eggs (fried, scrambled, boiled or omelettes) etc. Even though it was a buffet, staff were very helpful and brought tea, coffee and hot chocolate (for the children). They also organised the omelettes and fried eggs. No matter was too much for them. The Taj Group clearly train their staff well.	
Aug 14 2007 	Good choice next to Khan Market	Stayed 7 nights in June and enjoyed the stay very much. The room (205) was huge with slightly old interior but very clean and the bathroom was excellent with quality toiletries (loved the lemon soap!). Not necessarily a 5-star establishment, but the price was right and the proximity to Khan Market was a great bonus in the summer heat.	
Jun 12 2007 	Very good hotel (by Indian standards though)	This would probably be an overpriced, just average hotel somewhere else, but in Delhi this is actually a good choice if you get the discount rate booking through the Internet.Service at the hotel is good, with plenty of attentive staff everywhere. Rooms are not modern but they are large and comfortable. Some of them are being slowly renovated (I had a 42'' LCD TV in my room while some coleagues got an old 21''). Toiletteries and fresh fruits in your room are renovated dayly. Food at the hotel is ok, but the hotel being just a block away from the Khan Market allows you to avoid the ridiculous prices of the restaurants and eat at an expensive (again, by Indian standards) but safe and tasty place (like &quot;The Big Chill&quot; -- great food and desserts) at half the price.The low points: - Pool: Small, sometimes bad smelling, plus you have to go through a restaurant to get there.- Wi-Fi: I think it's ok to charge this service, but US$ 7 per hour seems a bit too much. Same with calls, just use the payphone at the shop next to the hotel.	
May 9 2007 	Comfortable but problems at the front desk	The facilities and rooms at the Ambassador are good. Nothing over-the-top luxurious but definitely comfortable. My room was a suite. It was usually well cleaned except for one day in my week-long stay they did not replace the flower in the bud vase or the towels. I of course didn't care about the flower but had to call for towels to take a shower. Overall, though, the room was clean, quiet, and spacious. The hotel felt safe.The room had a lot of extra amenities: minibar, bandaids, robe, slippers, shoe wax, toothbrush, toothpaste, etc...Room service was excellent, as was the breakfast provided with the room price.Wireless was available, but for a considerable cost. I think that a hotel that markets itself as a &quot;business hotel&quot; should have free wireless. I had a snafu with booking that took several trips to the front desk to be fixed. The people at the front desk were friendly but quite unhelpful with trying to resolve this issue.	
May 1 2007 	Enjoyed the tranquillty of the hotel	Despite what others have written, I really enjoyed this hotel. I have stayed at many of the other 4-5 star hotels in India and although this hotel is a bit older than some of the other hotels, I actually liked the charm and enjoyed the convenience of the location. The staff was great. The accomodations, although not extravagent, were comfortable. The dining area was quaint and made me a feel a bit more at &quot;home&quot; than a lot of the other big chain hotel.	
Apr 17 2007 	Ambassador a deco delight!	My superior room was huge, comfortable and included immaculate bedding and fresh flowers. The hotel is a small , quiet gem, with staff who truly care. An oasis from the chaos of Delhi, steps from Khan Market (good shopping). Stayed there twice on recent trip, and felt a tug when leaving. Well-stocked mini bar with reasonable prices, and also a small 'tuck shop' at the edge of the building. Excellent breakfast at the Yellow Brick Road was included in my room package.If you begin or end your India visit in Delhi, the Ambassador will add to the fascination. If it wasn't half a world away I would return just for the enjoyment of the hotel.	
Apr 7 2007	Ripoff	After staying at some of the best Taj properties all over India, this one just stinks in comparison. We went during high season, butstill, paying $300 for a dinky little room with peeling paint, moldy bathroom with broken tiles and ancient fixtures is just one huge ripoff! I can't figure out at all how this even qualifies as a Taj hotel.The restaurants there are pretty good, but for my money, I'd stay elsewhere and just come here for a meal.	
Mar 31 2007 	HUGE Rooms! -- Pleasant Stay...	This was the first hotel we stayed in when we were in Delhi. The lobby is nice and the staff was fine. The rooms are absolutely enormous. We had a balcony and sitting area. We had 6 in our group, so three rooms. Some of the rooms even had a flat plasma screen TV in their rooms. The bathrooms are enormous too. THey didn't have the &quot;extra amenities&quot; like a robe or slippers, but it was very comfortable. The bed was very soft and comfortable. Breakfast was included and it was very good -- buffet style with eggs that you can be ordered separately. We had dinner there as well. It wasn't the best, but they did have a lot of variety and it wasn't that expensive (especially for a hotel). Overall, it was a nice hotel, but not over the top in service. If you want space, this is a great choice.	
Feb 20 2007	Way overpriced money games at check-out. Towels from old Motel 6?		
Feb 6 2007	Great location		
Jan 17 2007 	Very pleasant excellent location		
Jan 6 2007 	average but ok for delhi		
Jan 1 2007 	Great location lovely hotel		
Nov 20 2006 	Quaint with Quality		
Oct 27 2006 	Quality Business/Tourist Hotel		
May 8 2006	Overpriced		
Aug 24 2005	Shabby but Comfortable		
Mar 9 2005	Overpriced poor rooms great people		
	You get what you pay for…	The location is convenient and provides a real experience of Old Delhi. The staff were helpful and a free transfer was arranged from the airport.The hotel is very basic. The room was clean, but damp, and had most things promised including air conditioning and a television (no hot water though).The roof top restaurant is not too pretty to look at but the food was good, great value and with friendly service - it’s open 24hrs which was a very nice 2am arrival welcome.We used Ananda Hotel as a base for exploring Delhi independently - we didn’t spend much time at the hotel and we didn’t use the expensive hotel travel agent.Bearing in mind the price and facilities, I think this hotel is good value and an acceptable budget traveller choice – at the time of booking the rate was half that of other hotels in The Connaught Place area of Delhi.	
Nov 22 2009 	Nice small hotel with friendly staff	Located in Karol Bagh,this hotel was in a good jumping off point. The staff assisted me with arrangements for my trips to Agra, Jaipur and Haridwar. I found the room to be clean and attractive and theprice was more than right.	
Nov 20 2009 	Nice hotel near shopping area.	Nice, clean hotel near the shopping streets of Karol Bagh.The staff were helpful and the hotel had a car and driver that we hired for daytrips and airport pick-up/dropp-off. Only 5 minutes walk to the busy market-streets were we did the most of our shopping.	
Nov 18 2009 	This?Hotel?Cannot?Be?Trusted	We reserved two rooms at Hotel Ananda a month in advance.We exchanged some emails, including their confirmation email, our flight information email, and a reconfirmation email that we sent two days prior to our arrival date.Things went smoothly UNTIL the night we arrived at Delhi airport.We finally got to Delhi, filled with excitement and anxiety from our long flight....only to find out that we no longer had our reservation for the night.(Needless to say, there was nobody from the hotel at the airport, although the hotel had guaranteed that they would send somebody for us.)The hotel's excuse was that all their rooms were sold out the night (!!!) and that we were going to be taken to another &quot;upgraded&quot; hotel.We had no choice but to wait for another driver to come pick us up at the airport for a long while, just to go with a random driver who claimed to be sent by Hotel Ananda, and let him drive us to a hotel somewhere in New Delhi that we had no idea about.We do not know whether our alternative hotel was actually an &quot;upgrade&quot; since we had no chance to go see Hotel Ananda to compare them during our stay in Delhi.	
Nov 11 2009 	ONE TO AVOID	What a terrible hotel!!!!! There is nothing I can say good about this hotel. My family and myself reached at this hotel at 1.15am. Having travelled for a long time we just wanted to sleep. At the reception they were fine. They told us the basic information we needed to know and led us to the room. When we opened the room door, we were in a great shock. The room stunk of damp and the walls and ceiling was covered with moulds. My husband went down and told the reception if we could change the room because it really stunk. But they told him to adjust the night and that they will sort another room the next day. We was so tired to argue so we thought ok it is another couple of hours so we can adjust by leaving the windows open and go to sleep. My daughter wanted to sleep. So, I opened the blanket and was horrified to see bed bugs crawling everywhere. I had goose bumps as soon as I saw them. That was the last thing we wanted to see. We packed everything and went downstairs and told them we were going to leave because there were bed bugs. They apologised immediately and didn’t want to leave us instead they gave another room ‘why did they not do that in the first place’? We had no choice but to change the room because the place was new, don’t know anybody and don’t no where to get help and it seemed a risk travelling at night with a young child so we agreed to change to a better room. The second room was fine we asked them to change the bed sheets in front of us and so they did. The ‘roof top restaurant’ is a dump. I really don’t know why they call it a roof top restaurant. It wasn’t clean, the table and chairs were filthy, and they really really need to do something about it. We just stayed there for 3 nights and couldn’t wait to leave, only if we knew the place well we would have moved immediately we was like a person blindfolded in the middle of nowhere. Although the staffs understood the mistakes, apologised and tried to help we felt unhappy of the whole experience.	
Oct 31 2009 	Bad Experience with seepage rooms	I must admit that I had a bad bad experience during my leisure time here. The hotel was undergoing some renovation and I really had to spends my nights in the seepage rooms.I would not recommend this hotel to any traveler .	
Oct 30 2009 	Basic hotel unhealthy kitchen 	Having read positive reviews on tripadvisor we decided to stay here before traveling around north India. I really can understand why this hotel has been rated so highly on this site. It was one of the worst hotels we stayed at over three weeks. The staff were grumpy, slow and not very helpful. The room was a reasonable size but basic and not particularly clean. The bathroom was grim and the shower cold. The roof top restaurant was a converted flat roof with a staff member p*ssing in the corner.	
Oct 22 2009 	cheater and careless staff.	I booked it after surfing trip advisor but quit disappointed. I don’t know if these happen with me or the good review written are wrong. No pick up, upon arrival staff sleeping and can ask you for a “VOUCHER” to print at 3 A.M. when you are so tired. Then how you in a dirty room, I forget what cleanliness means here it was stained towel, smelling toilet and mosquitoes around the room. Anyways this comes to an end when I was checking out in the morning. Above all before the final and to my misery an extra 20% of the agreed room rent on the net rate (inclusive of taxes as to come) was changed. Hotel is not for Europeans or people who prefer clean place to sleep.	
Oct 22 2009 	a nice retreat from chaotic delhi	I was picked up as promised and the driver waited even tho I forgot to give my flight number ooops. The hotel location was very good and the hotel itself was a break from the chaotic streets. The hotel was very clean and the service was excellent with a good rooftop resteraunt to relax in.	
Oct 17 2009 	Friendly and simple	Was greeted by their friendly driver as promised at the International airport (free).Not long after I had arrived I was asked by the helpful staff (namely Shabir) if I wanted to go sight seeing... this didn't take much convincing ;) I was whisked away not long after by their driver, singing and dancing my way around New Delhi... it was a lot of fun and he was great company!The room was spacious with two singles. Funky decor and a flat screen plasma. The air conditioner was noisy however it worked a treated at helping me escape the heat of Delhi.Unfortunately there was NO hot water... this was disappointing (I was told later that the boiler was broken and has since been repaired).The roof top restaurant is a great place to see a completely different aspect of New Delhi. The beers were cold (not something you can often rely upon) and the food was delicious :)Sharbir (front of house) was great company, very professional and assisted me with organising my onward adventures.	
Oct 5 2009 	Terrible hotel for tourists. If you're a tourist read this review!	I booked three rooms at Ananda after reading some of the positive reviews the hotel has received. If you're visiting India from another country, PLEASE read this review as I hope I can help you avoid an experience that we unfortunately had to go through. I cannot understand why Ananda is rated so highly. One possible explanation: many of the reviewers seem to be Indian business travelers, who have a completely different set of expectations and needs. In any case, don't stay at this hotel. You will undoubtedly be tempted by the price, which is admittedly low. But there are a TON of other cheap options in Delhi (Delhi is not an expensive city).The rooms, themselves, are comfortable enough. But the rest of the hotel has a shabby, bombed-out appearance. The rooftop is disgusting and left me with a lasting, depressing image of Delhi.The location of the hotel is terrible. Karol Bagh is full of shady characters. A routine walk around the neighborhood left me worried about getting mugged (didn't feel that way ANYWHERE else in India). Spend the extra money, and stay closer to Connaught Place. You won't regret it.Finally, and this is the most important part: DO NOT USE THEIR TRAVEL/TRANSPORTATION SERVICES! The hotel has partnered with scamming travel/transportation companies that will try and try and try again to rip you off. The story is a long one. Suffice it to say that we were quoted a price, which we agreed to. The drivers repeatedly tried to take us to places where they'd get a commission, and they got angry when we asked them politely to just take us where we wanted to go. At the end of the night, they demanded that we pay them triple the agreed upon price. We obviously refused, and they proceeded to berate us. Hotel management did not intercede on our behalf, despite admitting at one point that the company is &quot;full of crooks.&quot;All in all, this hotel was the WORST of any we stayed in during our trip. Avoid. Please.	
Sep 30 2009 	Good Hotel	I stayed there for one week. The location was excellent. Nearby shoping places and crowd put extra value. Room was clean, more importantly, bathroom was clean.Breakfast is sufficient and good.2nd Floor Wi-Fi was best but during my stay at 1st Floor, It was dissapointing.Staffs were friendly and cooperative.	
Sep 29 2009 	Delightful	Such a dimaond in the rough. The staff at Ananda was amazing- incredibly helpful and attentive. The rooms were small but very clean and comfortable. Free internet and an damn good breakfast (included!). Incredible value.	
Sep 23 2009	excellent value hotel--safe comfortable friendly--would stay there again	This was my first trip to India, and I went with my sister. We're both young, finished university, but still on a budget. We stayed at 5 different hotels throughout India during our two weeks there and we both felt this was by far the best. Of course it's not a 5-star hotel, but it was clean and comfortable, and we felt that we were well taken care of. I found my bed there to be the most comfortable of any hotel bed I slept in in India. The manager, Somu, was genuinely friendly and gave us little &quot;freebies&quot; here and there (internet access, some complimentary pineapple juice, extra toilet paper, helped me to not get ripped off by the international phone &quot;service&quot; around the corner) which they didn't have to do. The first night I didn't realize how to turn on the hot water, but I called the front desk and they immediately sent someone up to show me how. I don't remember the towels (as others have commented) but I usually bring my own towel when I travel anyway. Our experience at other hotels, even more expensive ones, was that every little thing cost extra. At Hotel Ananda, we were never asked for so much as a single rupee extra.At the end of our trip, we decided to stay there again, because we had enjoyed such a pleasant stay the first time. I'm so glad we did. Apparently we stayed when it was &quot;wedding season&quot; and there was a noisy wedding parade outside the hotel. Later, I went back inside and remarked how interesting it was, and the hotel manager said he was off to a friend's wedding and invited me to come along. At first I was a little hesitant, being a young woman headed off at 10 pm to who knows where, but I'm so glad I went. It was really the highlight of my trip. I was the only foreigner there at the wedding, and it was truly incredible. Even though no one knew me, I was treated like a welcomed guest, invited to join in the festivities and to eat and drink with everyone else there.Obviously not everyone will have the same experience, but I found that for a traveller on a budget, it's just as good as many other hotels that cost more. I was quite satisfied with the comfort and cleanliness of the accomodations, and I could not have asked for friendlier, more helpful staff.	
Sep 23 2009 	cheated by staff	Hotel itself is good and located near the market but staff was the cheater. Beaware from staff tricks for making extra money from the customer by selling expensive tours. I am very depressed from the hotel staff and never recommended to others.	
Sep 15 2009 	worst experience there	After stayed there and other parts of India I faced worst experience in this hotel. Staff was unprofessional and misbehave with the customers. When I said them to arrange a car for same day agra tour they quote me the price 150 usd for both of us which not include the entrace fees, and the same tour I booked from the nearby travel agency in just 90 usd . food is so so.	
Sep 15 2009 	Good service clean rooms excellent food.	We stayed here for four pleasant nights. They picked us up at the airport in the evening as requested an got us safely through the delhi night to the hotel. When we arrived everything went smoothly - the first room we got was a bit mouldy, so we requested to change, no problem! We got a room facing the street, and it was nice and quiet during the night. The room itself was clean and nice, excellent bathroom, the ac. worked perfect. We felt completely safe there too.The restaurant at the roof served excellent food, I would recommend the ginger chicken, a nice place to have dinner in the evening. The service was very good, especially the room service guys.When we left they got us a cab to the trains station, and everything went fine, got on our train as planned. I would recommend this place as a good alternative for a quick stay in Delhi.	
Sep 14 2009 	Good clean budget hotel	We arrived from Jodhpur early in the morning taxi waiting as promised, when we arrived we couldn't check in until 12:00, however a room was found for us to freshen-up we weren't impressed with this room as it had a view overlooking a brick wall and a very garish bathroom. The room that we were given was fine, clean, bathroom very spacious and the furniture in the room very good quality, beds were comfy also.. Yes the towels were on the grey side but if you want white fluffy towels book a 5 star hotel At the time of our stay the hotel was undergoing renovation which made negotiating the reception area a bit tricky, but this was nearly finished when we left. The hotel restaurant was closed so meals had to be taken in the room (due to renovations and torrential rain) only ate breakfast but had no problems. No hidden room charges rate quoted was what we paid, taxi to the airport arranged no problems with that, free wi-fi all in all a good budget hotel with easy access to Delhi..	
Sep 12 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Not being sure what to expect as it was out first time in delhi we were pleasently surprised by both the hotel and the service. After being ripped off by people pretending to be the offical tourist office the staff went out of their way to make sure we got a refund. The manager himself spending all day in talks with the police until we finally got a full refund. Excellent staff and clean spacious rooms.	
Sep 9 2009 	great location great staff great price!!	As a solo traveller all the way from London i was slightly nervous about about staying in a hotel in Delhi that is more at the &quot;budget&quot; end of the scale but i have to say those worries went as soon as i stepped in the front doors.The staff were amazing, incredibly helpful, friendly, treated me like royalty and really made the holiday for me, they helped getting sim cards, currency exchange and organised trips for me, nothing was too much trouble.The rooms are simple, but very clean, comfortable and more than worth the money i paid per night for them, i stayed 7 nights, wish it could have been more, thank you ananda! *********Highly recommended***********	
Sep 6 2009 	OK hotel not so OK service	I stayed just a night before catching an early morning flight. Staying at Ananda was fine, the rooms and hotel are clean, way above average in India. They were rebuilding the reception area so the lift wasn't working. I was given the promised rate (confirmed on the phone), so no issues with extra taxes and charges.However I encountered a lot of problems with extra services I requested - I asked them to book me a cab for a day and they tried charging me 100 Rs above the going rate. I neogitated it down with them and thought I was fine. However the driver was rather nasty, always trying to make an extra buck, trying to ask me for parking money at a lot with &quot;free parking&quot; sign. This kept going the whole day until I told him that unless he stops it I will simply get out of the car and not pay him. Again, this wasn't really Ananda's fault, but wel, they are responsible for choosing their partners and ensuring they stick to an acceptable standard.2nd thing that was totally annoying was when I asked them about a taxi to the airport, They tried to offer me their taxi service, but I declined and clearly stated that I want a standard pay-as-you-go cab. I thought everything was ok until I walk outside the door at 6 AM in te morning and realize they called their own cab and want to charge me their inflated price. I almost lost it there - I asked them to call a normal cab, which they said they did, but the other cab was still waiting there, probably thinking I am so pressed for time that I will just jump in and swallow the cost. After a bit of waiting, I got annoyed at them and just hailed he first autorickshaw I saw. The price was about 1/4th of what they were offering me. Normal cab would be around half. They obviously weren't that interested to satisfy me as a guest and just wanted to make extra money out of me.I would probably stay here again if I was in Delhi for a day or so, but certainly not for much longer.	
Aug 28 2009 	very bad hotel	my personal experience in this hotel was bad , hotel was dirty and staff was bad and greedy always making extra money from tourist by. charging so many hidden and not mentioned taxes.I truly never recommend to any tourist	
Aug 20 2009 	Relatively clean and quiet	I'm visiting India for a month and stayed here for 1 night on a short unexpected work trip from Jaipur to Delhi. I had originally wanted to stay in the Ginger hotel but the Ananda was the only available space i found. The reviews looked good and the price was fine so my boyfriend and I took a deluxe room which they gave us for a lower price than stated on the website. The room's power went on when you put the key in a slot so it was a bit hot at first but the (loud) a.c. cooled it nicely and the room and bathroom were large and sanitized. I appreciated the western toilet for a change. The shower was cold but after a hot day I didn't mind. The room was fairly clean, with some marks on the bed sheets that were bearable (small black marks that looked like ink). The under-sheet was not fastened to the mattress and slipped a bit. The area of karol bargh is fun to explore the markets but far from most sights. Rickshaws are available right away though. I had a very sensitive stomach and ate some raita and naan from the hotel kitchen and it was tasty and clean. Good free wi-fi also. The nearby temple bells can wake you early in the morning but the hotel was basically empty, the people working there were efficient and nice, and the room felt comfortably clean and simple despite the slightly marked bedsheets and slightly grey towels. In India, and Delhi in particular, it is a good find for a reliable place to spend a night.	
Aug 20 2009 	Better than first glimpse but nothing great	Ok. First of all the hotel is fine. You can stay here and visit New Delhi, it's close to the metro station Krol Bagh, and about 10 minutes from Connaught Place by 3 wheel taxi which will cost you 100 rupees on a bad day and 40 if you persist a little. The hotel is not dirty, but not too clean either, lets say a bit dingy. My first reaction when I arrived from the airport was that the website sure looked good, and the reality was about 2 notches lower. This area has a busy market and also the immediate streets around the hotel are NOT illuminated at night, which made me a little nervous coming back at night., I don't know if robberies happen in the area for sure but I stayed 7 nights in this hotel and remember seeing a police man taking a statement from a couple of foreign travelers about some kind of incident at least twice during that week. The market that is nearby is interesting, but most of what you see you could find at home too, as it is a busy market area, from about 5am the noise in the street would wake me up, so I tried to go to sleep early. Also the hotel is a bit of a construction site, they are installing an elevator, but looks like progress is slow, for the moment there are only stairs. They offer breakfast on the rooftop, which to me sounded fabulous but the rooftop as well is another construction site with piles of debris and bricks, and piping and cement and who knows what else. On the rooftop they also have the &quot;restaurant&quot; which in reality is a kind of open air lean-to. After my first breakfast on the rooftop, I never returned, there's other places nearby that offer good and reasonable breakfast options.As for the room, the A/C was great. I would return late afternoon each day, soaked in perspiration and immediately enter the room, turn on the A/C and jump in the shower. One reason was because I never experienced hot water in the hotel. Just cold and less cold, so coming in from the street was the best moment to shower. As for the towels, they are supposed to be white, each day I had three in my room and would examine each one, one by one to look for the less stained and almost clean towel. Usually I could find one that was acceptable.The worse part of the visit to Ananda Hotel was the checkout. They had offered me a rate of 1980 rupees per night for a deluxe room. But at checkout they wanted to charge me 2200 rupees. Luckily I had the email confirming the rate with me. Also the gentleman at the counter tried to tell me I had stayed 8 nights, so we counted the nights together on our fingers 3 times until he finally realized that it was just 7 nights. I had ordered a taxi through the hotel to take me to the airport, at a cost of 350 rupees. Not one block from the hotel, the taxi broke down. I jumped out, at started to flag another one. It was the most jarring uncomfortable ride I had had in India, I think a 3 wheeler would have been better. Best thing about this hotel is the free wifi internet.	
Aug 4 2009 	Good home base	We stayed here for 3 nights upon arrival in India. We had a comfortoble room with spacious bathroom. Everything was very clean and functioning properly. the staff immediatly put up two extra matresses for our small childeren. Room service catering was very quick, the food was tasty, plenty and not expensive to Delhi standards. The owner of this hotel was very helpfull working out our travelplan and transportissues. In all, a very good home base for travels in Northern India.	
Jul 25 2009 	Relaxing stay at Ananda Hotel	Our booking via venere.com was successful at the first try.The staff was very friendly &amp; helpful and the rooms were clean, although the elevator was being exchanged we didn't hear it in our rooms.The location is not at the centre but very easy reachable via tuck tuck etc. The Jessa Ram Hospital (Karol Bagh) is known and the hotel is 300m away from it.It was really a nice stay at Ananda an we can recommend it.	
Jul 8 2009 	A cool and quiet Place for Business People in the Bustling Market of Karol Bagh	I was very happy with the hospitality and the room service and the kind of privacy they offered to me . Since I was traveling for business purpose I had to say the staff was very cordial with my clients also they never objected the continuous arrivals of my client . And the plus point is the parking , there are ample of parking place and as every one knows Karol Bagh is a crowded place so a good parking is an exception . I would definitlely recommend this hotel for business people ,it offers great value for money .	
Jun 29 2009 	Clean great food and friendly/helpful staff	I had read quite a few reviews on various hotels in Delhi and I decided to opt for this one as all in all the reviews appeared extremely positive. Also price wise it was one of the more cheaper options. Much to my friends and my own delight it lived up to it's review reputation as a clean hotel with extremely friendly staff. As promised the taxi was waiting for us at the airport free of charge and I have to say the quality of the food in the restaurant was very impressive. It just so happened that one of the managers was also a tour agent which makes for a great selling point in the hotel but in all honestly when you are on a tight timeline it genuinely did make things a whole lot easier.	
Jun 24 2009	Ananda is an oasis	Ananda was an oasis in the middle of the bustling city and some of the things I was grateful for included courteous, highly professional staff, an impeccably clean bathroom with steaming hot water and internet access. The lobby and room had a distinctive sense of style and I enjoyed my stay in the Ananda.	
Jun 23 2009 	Excellent service great value highly recommend this hotel	My experience at the Hotel Ananda was exceptional. The service was outstanding - the hotel arranged for an airport pick-up, the staff was so friendly and helpful and anytime that I needed anything, they were more than willing to help. The room was clean and comfortable and was at a great price. The hotel even has Wi-fi!I really just can't say enough about the staff at the hotel. It was like being among family and I definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jun 16 2009 	Clean simple and friendly	Rooms are not luxurious but definitely more than basic, good bed, spacious bathroom and clean. I stayed two nights, both nights I had warm water, and the air-conditioning was working well. As requested the hotel had arranged airport pick up, complimentary. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The location is good, not too much traffic, easy ride with the tuk-tuk to the ‘centre ‘and the metro station around the corner. If you don’t mind breakfast in bed (there is no breakfast room so breakfast is served in the room, at the time requested) and are looking for a friendly and clean place to stay this hotel offers good value for money, especially in Delhi.	
May 9 2009	fantastic stay in ananda	hotel ananda is a newly built hotel as it seems to, with all new amenities.All latest facilities, like wi-fi, 24 hours hot water, courteous staff24 hours food facility.we had our personal function in Delhi, so I booked this hotel for my relatives and friends , who came from all over India and they enjoyed a lot, thats what reviews I got from my relatives.So, i can say its a place worth staying and spending my hard earnest money.Money wise also it was cheap and best.my best wishes for all Ananda staff.Thanks	
Apr 30 2009 	Friendly and relaxed environment	I was visiting India with my family and wanted a clean and reasonably priced hotel. This was the first visit to India for my wife and 3 kids and therefore wanted a trouble-free hotel which can cater for all our needs. I could not have asked for any more. The location is good, about 35 minutes from the Airport and 15 minutes from New Delhi Railway Station by car. The rooms were clean and spacious. We had a suite room and a deluxe room.Staff were very friendly and helpful. They had a computer in reception which the kids were allowed to use.Room service was good and prompt.For our stay in Delhi we had hired a driver and therefore did not use the public transport nearby.If travelling to this hotel, you should mention the landmark of the hospital in the hotel's address.	
Apr 3 2009 	a quiet clean place in the buzzing capital of india	i stayed in the ananda hotel for 2 days.as i have been traveling through india a lot i know what most of the hotels are like.but i was surprised with this one. i enjoyed my stay.the rooms are very clean,big and comfortable.nice bathtube and big windows.the staff was very friendly and the service excellent.the hotel is situated in one of delhis shopping areas-karol bagh.and the metro station is just walking distance.i was very happy with the hotel and recommend anybody who travels to india to have a look at hotel.enjoy your trip to india.its an amazing place.	
	Good hotel for an overnight stop	We spent two separate nights at this hotel as part of our tour of India.As others have said, it is heavily used by and geared to tour groups, There are a lot of arrivals and departures in the night and early morning, which may be disturbing to individual travellers.This is a good hotel though. Our room was pleasant and the bathroom clean. The food was good and the service very friendly and welcoming, except at the front desk where staff were a little abrupt.The gardens are very well maintained, quiet and peaceful. On our second visit our enjoyment of them was increased by the beautiful decorations and fairy lights for a wedding reception to be held that evening.We would not hesitate to return for an overnight stay.	
Nov 12 2009 	Characterless	The Ashok is reasonably close to the airport. Getting there is rather odd, you have to drive down a dirt track and the hotel is at the end - we were in transit, so it didn't matter much, but you wouldn't want to stay there if you were on a trip to see the sights of Delhi. The hotel and rooms (although large) are characterless. Service in the restaurant was OK, as was the food. When we arrived at midnight we were unable to get a beer - bar closed and no beers in the mini-bar! Reception did however find us a couple of beers which were delivered to our room.	
Sep 10 2009	away from the bustle of delhi	useful stopover if visiting Delhi. good pool and excellent food. road works when i was there so getting to and from was a bit of a problem but was over come. taxi ride away from nightlife in delhi	
Sep 5 2009 	Old but comfortable	On a five star scale rating this hotel would qualify as a high end 3 star hotel. It's an older resort style hotel but has few amenities. The building and the grounds are surrounded by a tall wall which is what seperates the front of the building from the busy street. We stayed in a room facing away from the street and did not have any complaints about the noise. The bathrooms were clean and so were the linenes. There are nice big flat panel televesions with tons of local cables and news stations to watch. The grounds are manicured and well kept and the pool was clean. Since it was the winter season when we were there we opted not to go for a swim but the pool itself seemed nice. The gym is a bit cramped and dark and equipment seriously out of date but if you are just looking for descent cardio equipment it should get the job done. The breakfast served was minimal but all you can eat. Overall our stay was pleasant and would consider staying again.	
Aug 14 2009 	Total Rip Off	This is one of the nicer hotels in Delhi and is conveniently located quite near both the domestic and international airport. While the rate on the asiarooms website was fantastic, guests should be warned that this hotel charges astronomical rates for its taxi service, so this certainly would not suit the budget traveller. Where the pre-paid taxi from the international airport to the hotel charged 240 rupees, the hotel then charged 600 rupees plus tax for their own taxi service back. (This is more in line with what one would expect to pay in Europe for the same distance). However, the taxi service was very timely and efficient.Food and drinks are also very expensive here. Where a bottle of water would only cost 15 rupees elsewhere, this hotel charges about 100 rupees, working out at about €1.40. The quality of the food in the restaurant is substandard for India. Dinner consists of a self service buffet of food which has been sitting for hours heating in a bamberree and breakfast is the same. Very disappointing. The dinner works out at three times the cost that you would pay for a lovely dinner served in a good quality restaurant in other parts of Delhi. As this hotel is quite a bit outside the main centre of Delhi it is not a good location for anyone who is interested in using it as their main base for sightseeing. I would recommend flagging a rickshaw from the main road up from the hotel to the city centre which should cost about 230 rupees (insist on the meter being used).Expense aside, the hotel is very clean and the grounds are beautiful. It is a very relaxing place to unwind after the hustle and bustle of downtown Delhi. The pool is lovely too.The hotel is fine for a one night stopover to get to the airport. Bring plenty of money!	
May 17 2009 	Much nicer than an airport hotel!	We stayed on our first and last nights in India, it was our airport hotel. There was no queue at check in and our room was super, with a very smart marble bathroom. There was also a nice garden (for a late night jet-lagged stroll). We found the restaurant to be quite convenient, when the buffet is on, that's what you have to have - otherwise you choose from a menu. There is food available late, from a reduced menu. The food was nice, with Indian and Western choices. We also enjoyed the breakfast, with plenty of choice available. The gift shop was small but pleasant (although they did try to sell us an elephant with its tusks missing).	
May 3 2009 	Very Good Hotel	Really a good hotel. Food,services room ambience everthing was really great. Not very close to town but good place to stay.	
Apr 30 2009 	"Welcome to our beautiful hotel. Now pay up!"	We stayed at this hotel in April 2009.The positive aspects are:the staff is very polite.Addtionally, the Ashok is very beautiful and at least when we were there, quiet.It also has a lovely pool, despite the smell of sewage in the air at times.(I wonder what they water the plants with?)Although the rooms certainly aren’t 5 star standards by any stretch of the imagination (no hot water when we were there) they were comfortable, had soft beds and large cable plasma TV’s.  All this aside, however…The hotel is overpriced and its directorial policy - greedy.The rates changed when we were there (they went lower because we were there at the end of the high season), but they still charged us for the higher rate quoted in our e-mails.  During our entire stay, it felt as though the Hotel was only trying to get as much money out of us as possible.In the 30 hours we were there, (we paid a very expensive day rate as well as our overnight stay) not once were we offered as much as a complimentary glass of water. Instead the guests are charged (6 times the normal price compared to anywhere else in India) .It just made us feel a little taken advantage of since the hotel is in the middle of nowhere.And it was hot. Furthermore, just to use the internet, the price is almost 3 times that of other hotels in India and the minimum charge was only for an hourly rate (not half hour). At every turn, one feels that the hotel is doing any little connivance to get as much money out of the guest as possible. Finally, on check-out, the desk manager sent a boy to look at our mini-bar in case we were being dishonest with our declaration. It was a bit insulting, especially since we had been so courteous to everyone at the hotel.All kidding aside, we spent over 19,000 rupees in the hotel for one overnight stay, a day rate, and a modest dinner. We certainly weren't about to rip off a bag of potato chips! I think these practices are put into effect because the hotel is really an establishment for tour guests being offloaded by buses who are there for a short time. For privately booked couples, however, spending some time in the hotel, one feels pretty targeted. Even the restaurant upstairs was the only one in India in the 3 and half weeks we were there which added an additional tax in an attempt to make the prices on the menu seem lower than they were.Plus the lights are on full during dinner, so it is anything but cozy despite the fine décor.I mentioned a lot of this to the manager and informed him that had things been done differently we would have eaten dinner there instead of at the airport on departure. He thanked my for my honesty, something which was commendable and admitted that he had heard some of this before. The pictures look great, but the hotel doesn't exhibit much class despite how beautiful it looks or what its prices are.A hotel with class does not send a boy to double check the mini bar right in front of its guests!A hotel with class, which is secluded, should not over -charge 6 times the normal price for water which is a necessity- not a luxury despite its affordability. It leaves one with a bad feeling.Should you stay there? Well, it is comfortable enough, just don’t expect to be treated as anything more than a pay check.	
Apr 6 2009 	Poor Value	We (husband, wife and teenage daughter) stayed at the Ashok Country Resort for one night only - fortunately. Probably the poorest value for money place we stayed in during our two week holiday in Rajasthan, Agra and Delhi. Given the relatively high rates, I'd rate the resort as below average at best.	
Jan 30 2009 	No Complaints	The Ashok is basically a transit hotel used by holiday companies to accommodate travellers for one or two nights on their way in and out of India. It is set in tidy and secure grounds, a short ride from the airport. During my stay, I found the hotel staff to be polite and helpful. The food at both breakfast and dinner was extremely nice although service was sometimes a little disorganised. The first floor rooms in the hotel are rather dark and dismal and in need of some refurbishment. The ground floor rooms are a lot nicer, cleaner and more modern. The pool area looked very nice. Reception changed cash (Euros) for us quickly and easily, at a reasonably good rate, and gave us a proper receipt for the transaction. If you want to do online check-in for your return flight, the hotel has a single computer in reception that you can use. The internet connection is very slow.	
Jan 23 2009 	cold hotel with nice garden	The homepage of the Ashok Country Resort promises more than the hotel can provide. The garden is very nice, but it isn't calm because of the traffic outside. It looks so nice from outside and in the lobby. But the room was not very clean and the beds were clammy. The room were also cold, the small heater did his best, but this wasn't enough. The food in the restaurant is everage, the breakfast small. I was really disappointed.	
Nov 5 2008	Very Average	Stayed 1 night at the beginning and 1 night at the end of the Kuoni Taj Tour. Was nice and close to the airport so the trip to and from was very easy. The hotel seemed adequate for our hectic schedule as there was very little leisure time. The rooms on the ground floor are not as nice as the rooms on the 2nd floor as we discovered on our return visit. Grounds and pool seem nice but didn't have the time to explore that much. The food was reasonable for both dinner and breakfast. The porters were very helpful in carrying and collecting baggage however I have a feeling this was due to the group being Kuoni and not standard practise for the hotel. Changing money was a nightmare. They have to get authorisation for Travellers Cheques from a bank before they will change the money which obviously can take time. Also they never seemed to actually have money at reception we were told come back in half an hour .... which with a busy schedule was not ideal!	
Oct 12 2008 	the last place to stay in delhi	i was supposed to stay for 4 nights but ran after 3 could not take it anymore. The worst rooms i have ever stayed in. i've even stayed in motels with better service and rooms. The only thing good was some of the foods served in the restaurant.	
Oct 9 2008 	a shocking experience	We were arriving late from Bangkok with my girlfriend and on our way to Agra, so we thought we'll stay near by the airports. I thought to stay in a nice hotel, not having huge expectations but for this price at least expect to get a decent room...well not even close of it.The welcome at the airport was weird, we had to look for the hotel driver in the line of all the other hotels driver at the exit gate for 30 minutes before the guy showed up, then it complain to us about the delay in addition of being plain rude...The room was horrible, look 20 years old, not even a proper mattress on the bed, the bed sheets and towels were 10 years old...We ordered some room service at 01:30 am, big mistake, it took 1 hour for a club sandwich to arrive and it look like they went to buy it in a small food stall on the road side...When we checked out we where not asked how was our stay or gave any comment card or else, meaning that they don't care what you think, just show the money, and after you pay not even a thank you for staying there or else.We then jumped in the car back to the airport after that I charged the luggages in the trunk myself as the concierge didn't even move off the door to help or propose is help.I was happy to be out of this crappy place, they have no clue of how to run their business and obviously what hotel business is all about.	
Oct 7 2008	Good for being close to the Airport	Great hotel, very close to Delhi International airport, ideal for a 1 night stay before an early flight.The large pool area is relaxing, and they served a good and varied snack menu since we didn’t want to wait until the main restaurant opened at 7pm. This is a buffet style restaurant, fine if you are hungry enough, but not for light meals.Whilst I was relaxing on my sunbed, it started to rain. There was a flurry of activity, and the next minute I had 4 staff surrounding me putting up a huge gazebo. A bit embarrassing to lie in the middle of it all going on, but it saved me having to go indoors.The bedroom was quite small but functional with a nice view over the garden	
Sep 23 2008	nice pool and grounds	We stayed at the Ashok as part of a tour. We found this Hotel good as part of the tour but for independant travellers would probably be too far out of town.No-where to eat but at the Hotel - evening meal was ok for one or two nights and we found the breakfast very good.Our room was quite nice but some rooms are probably a little noisy as this Hotel is on the main road. There was a kettle in the room.The pool area and grounds are very nice-not as posh as some of the Hotels in town but we found this place ok and would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Sep 16 2008 	Not worth paying	We booked our stay for only one night in this hotel. We reserved a pick up service and upon arrival at the airport, we didn't see any one so we called at the hotel. The hotel driver said he was there waiting for us but we told him that didn't see anyone so the driver was upset and complaint and try to have an argument with us. He push us to talk to the hotel just to tell the hotel that he didn't lie. How strange. The hotel looks quite old and the room we got was not very clean. For the price we paid, we could see at the beginning that it was way too expensive. The room was not very clean and look quite old. Even their towels are so old. For paying more than 200USD, it does not worth!Do not order anything from Room Service, half of the menu are not available and it took about an hour to deliver. We order one sandwich and one simply pakora which is very easy to made, they deliver the first one after half an hour and sandwich was delivered after another more than 30 mins and the taste was quite bad too. Breakfast was quite bad too and even the check out, staff keep asking us where we are going then other questions which they suppose to communicate but at the end, they keep asking the same thing until we left.Overall, we are quite disappointed for choosing this hotel, the price they charge is really too expensive than the service and the quality they offerred, TRULY.	
Sep 15 2008 	Convenient Hotel for Airport and a Great Escape	After a week in Inida experiencing the Rajasthan and Agra, this hotel was a very welcome rest away from the hustle and bustle prior to leaving Delhi.We turned up on spec and were presented with a good room at a reasonable rate (£63). The well manicured gardens and the relaxed bar and restaurant were just what we needed.The hotel arranged our airport drop off and wake up call for 3am very efficiently.In summary, a good place to stay if you're flying the next day or wish to get away from the crowds.	
Sep 7 2008 	enchanting lovely grounds	we arrived at this hotel on a kuoni golden triangle tour.upon initial impressions i was captivated by the gorgeous well kept gardens and the lovelly swimming pool.it is a tranquil retreat after say a day of the hustle and bustle of old dehli.please note if you drink wine the price is astronomical.staff friendly but we encoutered a problem when they tried to charge us for our transfer to the airport which was sorted through kuoni!!!!but you expect these tryu ons in india.food was good.i loved the omletts at breakfast.the rooms were very well decorated.so overall this is a lovely hotel with truly lovely gardens	
Aug 24 2008 	No Hot Water - Evasive Manager	We booked this hotel as it was near the airport and was supposedly a very high standard. We checked in at lunchtime and the manager greeted us an said &quot;any problems come and see me&quot;. They then charged the full amount of our stay on our credit card - very suspicious.There was no hot water in the room - asked at reception - told to wait a bit an it would be fixed. An hour later still no hot water - call manager who on arriving at our room tried to maintain the water was hot!!!! He then suggested a different room but again the water was cold. I eventually lost my temper and called another hotel (the Raddison to stay there). It then took me 30 minutes of very vocal complaining in reception to get my money back.On leaving the hotel the porter told me the boiler had ben giving trouble for several weeks. If a hotel has a problem I expect them to be honest with their guests.	
Jun 10 2008 	Convenient	Stayed here as part of the Kuoni Taj Tour. Although the hotel is on the outskirts of Delhi, it is a great escape from the city and after full dys of sightseeing it was great to be in such a calm place.The pool was nice and the grounds were really well kept. I can see why they chose this hotel for us. Due to the location the hotel is the main option for food, unless you get a taxi. However, the food here was good. We were generally pleased with this hotel.	
Apr 6 2008 	Convenient for the airport	Like the previous entry we stayed at the Ashok at the beginning and end of the Kuoni &quot;Taj Tour&quot;. It was conveniently situated for the airport but a longish taxi ride from downtown Dehli. The rooms were clean and comfortable although some of our group reported that their room smelt musty. The pool was pleasant and the staff were fine. The buffet breakfast had a mix of Western and Indian food and was satisfactory. We had no complaints about the hotel or staff and it was particularly convenient for the airport, only about 15 minutes away. However it was too far out from Dehli, we would have preferred to be closer. Also there wasn't any other restaurants nearby so we had to eat in the hotel. The dinner buffet wasn't really very good and it was relatively expensive for India.We got a taxi into Dehli two evenings and went to the sound and light show at the Fort which was enjoyable.I wouldn't particularly recommend this hotel but if it is part of your trip then it will be fine after all holidays are often what you make them. I certainly didn't find it as bad as some of the other reviewers have suggested. Happy to give further details if required.	
Apr 3 2008 	Handy for the airport	We stayed at the Ashok at the beginning and end of the Kuoni &quot;Taj Tour&quot;. It was conveniently situated for the airport but a longish taxi ride from downtown Dehli. The rooms were pleasantly decorated, clean and comfortable. The pool was lovely and very nice to sit beside with a cold beer. We enjoyed the buffet breakfasts which had a mix of Western and Indian food. We had no complaints about the hotel or staff and would recommend it as a useful stopping point going to or from the airport. We phoned for a radio cab to take us to the Sound and Light at the Red Fort (well worth seeing) and found this a convenient and not too expensive way of getting into town.	
Mar 25 2008 	Not a bad 'transit' hotel	Not bad as a transit hotel for 1 night but wouldn't stay any longer than that. Stuck out in the suburbs with nothing in the general vicinity. 10 mins from the airport.Must request a 'quiet' room as this hotel is located right next to a busy road, what is it with the locals and their need to blast their horn at every living thing they pass regardless of the time of night!Had a noisy room 1st stay and 9 days later had a quiet one - miles better. Decent size though aircon pretty forlorn and controls didn't seem to work. Clean and tidy.Breakfast and dinner buffet OK. Meagre supplies in the bathroom and shower never passed lukewarm on either stay. Plasma TV (didn' turn it on). Nice garden, pool looks OK, little shop is rubbish. Free safety deposit box on reception.Had to leave at 3.30am and got wake up call at 3.00am, found reception fully staffed but weren't offered tea/coffee until rep arrived and asked why.Popular transit hotel and I think rooms can be hired for 1/2 day/night. Guests coming and going at all hours and somewhat selfishly they make no attempt to avoid disturbing everyone else within a 5 room vicinity. Perhaps some QUIET PLEASE notices might be in order.I'd stay there again if I needed a stopover but not for a proper holiday - too far away from the centre of Delhi (45kms I think, in the rushhour traffic that distance takes forever).	
Mar 11 2008 	Avoid at all cost!	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. I had booked the room several months prior to the stay and had email confirmation of the exact cost. When checking in they tried to charge us $50 more for the room until I showed them my email. Next, the bathroom had a strong smell of urine, the room smelled of mold and the air conditioner made the smell even worse. The mattress was about 2&quot; thick. I have had more comfort camping in a sleeping bag. This hotel may be convenient due to its close proximity to the Delhi international airport, but I recommend avoiding it at all cost. It is simply not worth it.	
Mar 2 2008	Stay only if your objective is proximity to the airport	The positives were the food in the restaurant (quite good) and the pretty grounds, including the pool and resident peahen. Somehow they managed to have green grass and trees in spite of the pollution.The negatives were the room and the dust inside. The public computer in the foyer was filthy with grime and dust. The pollution in the area near the hotel/airport is horrendous and it seems a losing battle at this hotel. Although I had been in India a week, the air quality really bothered me here and not elsewhere.The room was the bare essentials. It reminded me of Eastern Europe in the 80s.I had a lot of time to kill at this hotel before my flight and there really wasn't anything to do. The gift shop was not enticing. The hotel is not easily accessible to sights.	
Feb 23 2008	Nice quiet hotel not far from Delhi airport	This was the nicest of the 4 hotels we stayed in on our tour of India. It had a lovely pool area and a nice restaurant (it was upstairs and no lift but that was the only problem for one of our party who is less mobile). The owner of the hotel was in attendance and keen to speak to all the guests and made sure everything was up to standard.	
Feb 7 2008	an oasis in the culture shock thats delhi	this is a very nice hotel the rooms are clean and large it was cold so the staff put heaters in the rooms, the bathroom was a little old but clean all the same. the only problem was that they only put the hot water on at certain times of the day so its either cold or tepid showers overall a nice place	
Jan 25 2008	Ok for a quick stay but only OK	Stayed here on our first night in India on Voyages Jules Verne Golden Triangle tour. The hotel chosen, I suspect, because of its proximity to the airport. When we arrived, Delhi was very smoggy and that atmosphere pervaded the hotel. Our room smelt very smoky, but that could have been because of the terrible air in Dehli city. I couldn't help worrying about the athletes coming here for the Commonwealth Games, I hope they clean up their air quality before then! Anyway, back, back to the hotel - the room was adequate but beds really uncomfortable. The bathroom was OK and other facilities in the hotel were rather limited. There is a small bar and a small restaurant area. Breakfast had an interesting variety of foods. The cooked omlettes looked great and there were good yogarts, fruits and cakes. There was also an assortment of curry based dishes and other cooked things too. In short, this hotel is OK to use as a base but don't expect to really enjoy the ambiance. The motorrway is very close and somewhat noisy during the night but all in all, this hotel was a convenient stop-over en route to more exciting places.	
Jan 20 2008 	better then rest on airport	I stayed there because It was near the aiport where I arrived at midnight and had a flight leaving next day at eight.My first iimpression from the room, was quit good, exspected it worser for 7400 rupees. But the shower didn't work , bath did.And it was very noiscy , Its located near the highway and even in the middle of the night the noice was dusturbing.It was very near the airport. The hotel taxi was parked 10 minutes walk away and with paying the carpark it took 40 minutes before we arrived at the hotel. My flight was delayed, ended up staying for 3 hours.a good advise for whn you tay shortly, ask or you can nagociate the price.	
Jan 17 2008 	Fine brief stay	We had a very brief stay at the hotel, but it was fine. We arrived around ten in the evening and they had the correct rooms (twin beds, non-smoking) ready. Everything in the room worked fine. We left for an all day trip to Agra at 6:30am the next day and breakfast doesn't start until 7:00, but they let us have tea and toast before we left which was nice of them. We used the half day rate that day and it was great to come back from the long trip to Agra and shower and change before our flight to the US. The long problem we had was the car they sent to the airport to pick us up was designed for two people and little luggage. There were four of us and a lot of luggage! Instead of waiting for another vehicle my husband crammed it all in and we sat on each others laps. Fortunately, it is a ten minute ride to the hotel from the airport! I don't know whose mistake it was, but on the return journey we had a much larger vehicle.	
Jan 1 2008 	The worst hotel we stayed at in 3 weeks in India	On a recent trip to India we stayed at the Ashok Country Resort for our final night before flying home to the UK. During our 3 week trip to Inida we stayed in a variety of accommodation from 5 star hotels to simple hostels and this hotel was by far the worst place we stayed in. The service from the reception was nothing short of rude and the prices for drinks and food within the hotel were 5 star hotel prices, had this been a five star hotel with five star food it might have been reasonable! Whilst on the subject of prices this brings us to the outragious prices they charged for an airport transfer. Earlier in our trip in Delhi we were able to hire an air conditioned taxi for a whole day for the price this hotel charged for a 10 minute ride to the airport, knowing that being on a busy main road there is little to no chance of customers being able to get a taxi from elsewhere. Together with a dark and dismal room with terribly uncomfortable beds this was a very disappoining end to an otherwise fantastic trip to India!	
Nov 24 2007 	Good value stay in Delhi	We used the Ashok for a first night in India and were very satisfied. The pickup from the airport worked well and the hotel was comfortable and clean with a good pool where we got over any jet lag. It is not a 5*, but then you are not paying 5* prices, and it seems to be good value for Delhi.	
Nov 22 2007 	India that works	3 am is not a good time to arrive anywhere, for sure not India. The hotel provides an well signed, adequate and reliable transfer for IGI Airport to hotel, transfer time 15 mins. The rooms are big, clean and fairly comfortable. Feeding arrangements are good, but beware hordes of French groups on tour, and Kazak aircrews on layover. A good feature is the attractive garden with good swimming pool, plus a slightly under-standard gym.When you re-book, don't believe the Front Office staff when they say you are re-booked: get it in writing.A short stay helps us to prepare for the assault on the senses which India is about to bring.	
Nov 10 2007 	A welcome return to the 21st century after eight nights in heritage hotels	Privately owned and operated, this full service hotel is located between city and airport and caters to Indian businessmen and European tour groups. Upon arrival one can not help but be impressed by the beautiful marble floor and stair case of the two story lobby with its massive crystal chandelier. The owner's son sits on a desk in the lobby and is very accommodating, as is the staff. Our ground level, well lit, spacious room was very nicely furnished, and the king size bed with a comfortable, soft mattress, cushy sheets and pillows sported mirrored headboards. A desk, mini-bar, over stuffed chairs, glass top table, TV, phone, Wi-Fi Internet connection, quiet A/C, tea/coffee making pot and supplies,large closet, and Indian area rug made for a comfortable stay. The bathroom with floor to ceiling granite tiles was stocked with ample towels and a standard assortment of toiletries incl Kleenex. Sink and shower chrome fixtures bear witness of years of scrubbing. All was spotlessly clean, yet the grouting in the tub/wall joint was somewhat unsightly. A window onto a garden corner promised a quiet night, but that was not to be. Two European tour groups partied boisterously in two rooms with doors open near us until way past midnight while awaiting their transfer to the airport. Equally staff dealing with their luggage carried on loud conversations and did not be concerned with quietness, The marble floors made the long hallway into an echo chamber.A large, clean pool in the vast, manicured gardens invited for a cooling swim. A well stocked gym, gift shop, lobby lounge with giant screen TV, and the upstairs restaurant with a very pleasing ambiance rounded out the facility. Indian, Chinese, and Continental food was offered buffet style and a-la-carte, and it was very good, as was the breakfast.All in all, were it not for the racket during the night, I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 7 2007 	ashok country resort	as hotel rates go in delhi,this is a real surprise,we paid £75.00 per room per night,and that included b/fast and airport pickup and drop.Hotel is in a quiet location near the airport,rooms are big and comfortable,staff are polite and nvery helpful,food is not bad either.swimming pool is clean and big in size,gardens are well kept.Only minus points are 1.no live entertainment,2.very basic shop 3.can get crowded,as this hotel is used by travel agencies,as a Delhi transit hotel.	
Jun 17 2007 	Excellent calm in the storm	We stayed here two nights in late March 2007. An excellent hotel! I worried at first, because we didn’t see the hotel’s driver at the Delhi airport anywhere in the crowd holding a sign with my name on it. When I took a second walk through the area, though, he was there, and helped us with our bags, led us to the hotel’s shiny new SUV, and drove us safely to the resort. The room was clean and spacious, and staff was helpful and polite. Breakfast buffet was good, and lunch was excellent in the resort’s restaurant. The well-maintained grounds, with lots of flowers (a treat for us, having come from a long Alaska winter), a pool, and benches, gave us the breathing space we needed after a long flight. The entire resort is fenced off and so it feels insulated from the hubbub and traffic. Its small shop sold high-quality souvenirs and clothing. They let us take the salwar tops back to our room to try them on. Checked my email in the lobby, bought bottled water to take with us on our next leg (8-hour drive to Nainital), and had them book us a room for our return through Delhi at another hotel (as Ashok Country Resort was booked)—Hotel Deemarks nearby. Their recommendation for that hotel turned out to be fine. I highly recommend Ashok Country Resort!	
Jun 3 2007	Clean 	Fairly quiet location just on the fringe of the city, stunning gardens with a clean pool &amp; loud peacock. I found the Reception staff to be aloof and not very welcoming esp. as we were there on the first night of our tour and had to rely on them to exchange to our first rupees. The room was fine with clean crisp bedding and a descent size, though the view was of a wall &amp; the window didn't quiet fit the frame but due to the nets and curtains we didn't have any flying visitors. As we also spent our last night in India there, so we enjoyed a banana split while we sat under the sun by the pool -highly recommend.	
Mar 13 2007	small but ok	Stayed here on 1st and 7th day of the Kuoni Taj Tour. It's mainly clean, everything worked in the bedroom, although we had a very noisy fridge !! The bathroom looked a bit tired and had a very mouldy shower curtain The bar area is very small and there is not much of a sitting area. The restaurant was fine and the food good for both dinner and breakfast.Nicest thing were the gardens with loads of flowers .Pool looked ok too.Reception staff not the most helpful I have ever come accross though!	
Jan 26 2007	Average hotel	When we arrived in Dehli we went straight to the hotel. The room was cold and the bed damp, we had to request an additional heater in our room! Breakfast the following morning was okay. The staff were helpful and polite. This is an average tourist hotel. Good value for money.	
Jan 12 2007	Good place to sleep after your flight	This is a good place to sleep after a long flight. The rooms were clean and quiet, bathroom clean and adequate. Good varied buffet breakfast. Lovely gardens, and the pool looked nice, though it was too cool to try it in December. Staff were pleasant and helpful. I wish I had been able to have a massage in their health centre, but they were booked solid.	
Dec 2 2006 	Nice overnight stay	After checking lots of reviews we decided to stay in the Ashok.The comment about the dew-smell is correct, but I think it is not only the rooms which cannot be opened and are only airconditioned, but also the smell outside was damp. There was a huge cloud over Delhi and no fresh air in the garden.The rooms are nice, the bathroom a little old. The people at the reception very polite and gave us our call to the airline free.The restaurant indeed advised to take the buffet at 563 rupees each, but also mentioned the separate dishes and their price. As far as I could count, this made the buffet a better price, and the food was really good.We didn't have breakfast, as our planes left very early. We were taken to the airport on time, and I forgot to mention, also were received at arrival. This shuttle-service was included in the price.Considering the need to stay only overnight between flights, I think this is a good place close to the airport.	
Nov 30 2006 	disappointing hotel	We stayed at the Ashok Country Resort for the first and last night of our Golden Triangle tour and again for a final night after our extention to Shimla. The room we had for the first night was OK the second stay was not so nice but had a better view over the garden. It also had information about the Beauty Shop..had we known about it the first day we could have had a massage as the hotel is very isolated and there is absolutely NOTHING in the vicinity..........we walked to the local village.... took 20 minutes not 5 as reception told us...BIG mistake.......The final night we paid a supplement for a &quot;Club&quot; room and it was the worst of the three.....It did have a big plasma screen which only had one English language channel........we had only 1 tea bag and 1 sachet of coffee....the bathroom was grubby...the toilet very noisy and the strange smell was there too.The food in the restaurant is mediocre during the day and in the evening but the buffet breakfast is not too bad. Because of it's location there is no choice but to eat there.The only good thing about it is the proximity to the airport. ..	
Nov 16 2006 	disappointing	This was the most disappointing hotel we stayed in in India . The room was not cleaned properly , smelt a bit damp , no information in room about hotel facilities , poor outlook onto courtyard , no hairdryer in the room , chipped paintwork and rather dreary breakfast , only redeeming features were friendly staff , nice grounds and near the airport, suggest try elsewhere , the Radisson is also near the airport and far superior .	
Oct 26 2006 	Nice room terrible restuarant!	Room was lovely, with a large screen plasma! Very clean. Far too expensive for what it was (I paid £76). The grounds are very nice but the buffet restuarant is terrible! The chicken I had was hardly cooked and they didn't really seem to care. Good for the airport and the atmosphere feels very relaxed.	
Sep 14 2006 	A true Oasis!	This hotel is a top quality hotel! The representative picked us up from the hotel with a placard, carried in our luggage, and gave us a warm welcome. The rooms are modern and beautifully decorated. The pool is large and refreshing in the midst of hot Dehli. The restaurant is delicious (a delicious indian breakfast buffet is included) and there is a nice lounge area open 24 hours if you need some masala chai or a beer late at night. The internet access is fast but only one computer is available for guests. So, you may have to wait for a turn. The hotel staff were all very friendly and they even agreed to hold one of our bags for us while we did our golden triangle tour. Finally the proximity to the airport makes it an easy place to stay at the beginning and end of your journey. The only downside is the distance to the city - it is about 45 - 60 minutes and costs about $25 by taxi. So, it may not be the best place to stay for your entire journey if you plan to go in and out of Dehli everyday. Enjoy!	
Jul 26 2006 	Ok but not for a second time	We (family, two children of 15 and 18) stayed twice in this hotel; one night at arrival from the airport and flying the other day and a second time two nights to see Delhi before we left India to go home. The hotel is comfortable near the both airports, nice when you arrive in the middle of the night and need sleep. What you see in brochures and on internet, you also see in reality. It is a green surrounding with lovely green lawns and palm trees. The rooms have a good size; on the bathrooms you see the complex is older, but we have no complaints about it.The restaurant is moderate. The first time the breakfast was very poor, because there were hardly any guests. The second time, when there were some groups, it was sufficient. When having dinner, you are offered the buffet. You have to ask to eat à la carte. It looks like the policy of the hotel is to promote the buffet! Although it looks like we enjoyed the stay in this hotel, I wouldn't recommend it. You get what you see in the brochures, but what I didn't like was what you smell and feel in the hotel and in your room. When you enter the hotel and your room it smells odd. It smells like water that has been kept in a bottle for too long. Uncomfortable is, that the bedding is humid. When I was lying in my bed, it felt like the staff had forgotten to tumbledry the sheets. I have complained about it by housekeeping. Although they paid attention to it and renewed the bedding, the next evening I had the same problem. It would be a good suggestion the staff dried the rooms if it is dry season in Delhi or check the airconditioningsystem. Normaly with airconditioning the complaint is that the air is to dry instead of too wet.Marcel Braakman, The Netherlands	
May 13 2006	Nice hotel	Stayed here for one night only as it's convenient fot the airport and we were flying home next day. No complaints - helpful staff, comfortable room and good food. The gardens are lovely and there's a decent pool. The man on reception rang through to an Indian friend's mobile for us and refused to accept money for the call. These little things help.	
May 8 2006	Overpriced	Fairly decent 3 star airport hotel. Seemed filled with tour groups. Rooms were good sized but had a distinctly mildew smell you noticed the second inside the door. Our room certainly could do with some fixing up and it looks like maintenance is not high on the hotel’s list of priorities.Wouldn’t want to spend too many days at this hotel but for a transit airport hotel it does the job and would fill the niche of a 3 star airport hotel if only they would lower the room price by about a third. And on that note, they also tried to overcharge us for the room until we showed them their email including the price.	
Apr 17 2006	No real complaints	Stayed here twice for one night in different rooms during a tour with Kuoni. Overall the hotel is quite acceptable for a short stay, and it's only approx 20 minutes from the airport. The rooms were fairly well appointed for a 'medium' class hotel, the AC worked well, though the beds were very firm (we later found out that this is normal in Indian hotels). The restaurant served a buffet in the evening but there is a separate menu that the staff maybe weren't keen for us to see but is there if you ask for it. Thought the buffet was OK think it cost about 650 rp (approx £9) per head but you could eat as much as you liked and was a three course affair. On our second night my partner had 'Delhi belly' though the rest of us seemed OK. We think it could've been either the trifle or the custard served as one of the desserts. There's also a pool in the well maintained gardens if you need to chill. I think the other reviews I've read seem a little harsh and may be due to particular gripes but we didn't have any (apart from the 'Delhi belly' which affected at least some of the group at the various hotels we stayed at) so we feel it deserves a little more positive feedback. Would stay there again but only thing to bear in mind is that it's an hour by taxi to central Delhi but if, like us, your on a tour with prebooked hotels on you itinerary, then there isn't much you can do about that.	
Feb 10 2006 	Not up to mark	I selected this hotel because it was close to the airport and also price point is good. However the level of services is not up to mark. There is no in room internet access. The gym is ok but opens late at 8am only. All else is ok. Not a suitable hotel for long business trips.	
Dec 17 2005 	Disappointing	I stayed for one day, and was thoroughly disappointed with what I got. The food in the restaurant was tasteless, the refrigerator in the room not working, room service willing, but incapable due to lack of experience. The surcharge on long distance calls as charged by them could not be justified on any account. Disappointing, to say the least.	
Mar 17 2005	Worst hotel we stayed in	This is one of the worst hotels we stayed at during our time in India. The check-in and restaurant staff were rude, the restaurant was very poor, the carpets were stained, the rooms smelt, the sink was broken, bathroom dirty, the price was expensive compared with other hotels. Even for a quick overnight stay, it spoilt what was a superb time in India. We could not escpae since it is remote. Value for money was also poor since it was not even cheap.For a Gov. run hotel, it needs to get its act together.	
Nov 3 2009	proche de l'aéroport mais loin de tout le reste		
Sep 20 2009 	3??		
Jun 8 2009	????????????		
Feb 12 2009 	De moins en moins bien		
Nov 20 2007 	Très mauvais rapport-qualité-prix		
Nov 20 2009 	Fine business hotel -- not fully luxurious but well above average	I was put up here by a Government of India agency I was visiting. The hotel is owned by GOI, I believe, and so they get preferential rates. It was of the caliber of a nice Marriott -- clean, spacious (I was in the &quot;annex&quot; wing), relatively modern. Not glitzy (I'd stayed at the Taj Palace in Delhi 10 days earlier -- that was about as glitzy luxurious as I've ever been). Service was professional but not obsequious, not overly solicitous. If I'd paid myself, I might have been disappointed, but compared to other &quot;business&quot; hotels I stayed at in India, this was fine. (I'm from the US, have traveled extensively in developing countries.)	
Nov 14 2009 	Old glory that has disappeared for ever	I stayed at The Ashok for 4 nights at a business trip in the beginning of November 2009. What a disappointment. Old glory has gone and it will take a multimillion investment to ever get this back. The state of the hotel is miserable, the only thing that has been restored is the entrance lobby. The room was middle sized and looked rather Ok, but there is a big cleaning problem here. The floor was really dirty, no way to walk bare foot here. Free wireless internet was available and it worked well, but every 24 hours you had to return to the reception desk (very long walk!) to get a new voucher. There is a problem with staff in general and the front desk staff in particular. They are not interested at all to give any service to their guests. Their only interest seems to be to get tipped! As an example, I was informed two times wrongly about meeting places because the staff just didn’t care to look it up properly, which resulted in two times a 10 minutes’ walk to the wrong place.The Ashok is a very big hotel in the diplomatic area of Delhi, so the surroundings are nice. This is the only positive thing I can say about this hotel. Next time I definitively will look for another place to stay in Delhi.	
Nov 5 2009 	Definetelly not a 5 star hotel	I stayed in Ashok for 2 nights during a conference. The booking has been made by the organisers of the conference so I had no choice. Before visiting the hotel I read the reports n the tripadvisor and I was terrified!Upon arrival I had some positive feelings because the lobby areas is really fine and the service I received in the front desk very good. Upon entry in my room the disappointment started. The big problem with the hotel has to do with the cleanliness. The hotel and particularly the rooms are dirty. The space of the rooms is fine, the furnitures really old (but OK) but you can see everywhere that there is no proper cleaning. I tried the room service and although efficient (it took about 20 minutes) the food was of a fast food quality.Staff was friendly and the wireless internet fast enough and free. In no case this is a 5 stars hotel, but it is not terrible.	
Oct 5 2009 	Good loaction average service	I stayed in Ashok last month with my family for a brief holiday. The location is quite good almost midway between the city center and the airport. The staff was courteous but a bit lazy, rooms were good but seemed a bit old as far as the upholstery is concerned. The bathrooms do need a lot of improvement and this was one negative factor of the place. The food was average and we preferred eating outside in the private restaurants situated within the building. The pricing was definitely on the higher side as compared to the services offered.The place is undergoing some massive renovation and i expect to have a better experience the next time I am in Delhi.	
Jun 18 2009 	Cheapest Five star in delhi..expansive but moderate service	Great expansive property in one of the best areas in Delhi.Right in the heart of diplomatic enclave, this hotel has seen its better days.Still, it is trying to modernize post privaitization and addition of Fbar and the host of events it hosts is propelling it forward.Price is normally around 8k INR which makes it one of the cheapest, if not the cheapest in Delhi.Always full of foreigners (mainly backpackers or organized trippers), Indian bureaucrats and Indian airlines crew, this is a nice value for money hotel.During one stay, i got a refurbished room which was a huge improvement over the previous ones. In room dining can easily be accomplished for 400/500 per person a steal.Sagar ratna is a recommended restaurent. The pool isnt heated and the staff are servile and still retain the sycophantic outlook always on the lookout for tips.in all stay if you want a five star at the cheapest rate in the best part of delhi.	
Jun 15 2009 	Big but not Luxury Hotel	Jet Airways Provided us one night stay at this hotel.As Jet Airways staff didn't board our baggage at origination Point.So,this stay was given by Airlines.But we didn't find this hotel equal to 5 star hotel standards.Rooms were smelly,A/C was not effective,No Courtesy by staff,Breakfast was cold,Dinner was not good in taste.So,we will say this was an average hotel &amp; we will never prefer to go there.	
Jun 11 2009 	stinky poo	Worst room, service, foodand stinky Toilets.. Don't use the hotel.. Not for human beings	
May 29 2009 	Great Business Place	Great LocationBest FoodGood Pool Good Business FacilitiesGreat House KeepingHelpful staff	
May 3 2009	loved the disc	this hotel is situated in a good location....and can say...its value for money	
Apr 19 2009 	Subject of an Emperor	As an invited participant of an' International Stakeholders' consultation,I was accommodated in 'The Ashok',Chanakyapuri,New Delhi. An aristocratic name in the diplomatic enclave of the capital city raised our expectations to perhaps somewhat unreasonable limits.There were major problems with the attitude and approach of the staff which started considering you as subjects of the royalty(a subject /Praja of Maharaja/Emperor Ashok) the moment they realized that for the 'second class guests' everything is on the house/to be paid by the organizers.Even an offer to utilize the services against a payment was looked in a dubious manner with not so polite insistence on submission of all the details of credit card etc.I am sorry but even after a passage of more than 3 years I do not remeber a moment after the seesions which I enjoyed there though it could have been very easily done.I still cherish the time spent at Hotel Japhu,Kohima,Nagaland,Taj,Chikmaglur,Hotel Oberoi,Calcutta,Holiday Inn,Genva,Hotel Kigali,Rwanda and Taj Colombo Sri Lanks etc. mainly beacuse of the welcoming and accomodating attitude of the respective staff.	
Apr 18 2009 	Very good property no value for money	The ashoka hotel is one of the grandest hotels in India built by the govrnment. The hotel has exceptional facilties - the gym and swimming pool is very good. The price is very high though for the qulity of service and good. The service is more govrnmentish with people wanting tips for even small work. The gym is one of the best in India and attracts the political class and sportsmen. The food is good and has signficant variety. I would recommend this place to anyone wanting to spend a short time in New Delhi and needs access to central delhi	
Apr 17 2009	lousy place at a very high price	This is a very lousy place with nothing great about it and comes with a very high tariff rates. Everything is very costly and rooms are not well maintained. the only exception is the its Restaurant Frontier which serves good food.	
Mar 22 2009 	=not as horrible as expected	I stayed at the Ashok this past week and was quite relieved that it was not as horrible as the other reviews indicate. My room did not seem dirty, and housekeeping came daily - i left a tip each day, so maybe that helped. Bugs: i did see a small roach in my room on night one, he was dead by morning from insecticide poisoning. Previous reviewers complained about a bad smell in the hall- it's clearly insecticide, i take it roaches are hard to eradicate in that part of the world. It was kind of gross to find the coverlet on my bed smelled of bug spray, but what can you do, better that than more roaches. It IS a third world country, after all...i think the problem is that they are charging first world prices. If my workplace hadn't paid, maybe i would have been more upset with the shortcomings. I def. wouldn't stay there if i was paying!the staff: here i will agree. they were rude and impatient when i repeated things back to them to verify information about how to get a cab, or where to store my luggage in the interval between check out time and the end of my conference. did not appreciate the attitude. i am a woman traveling alone, maybe you could be a little patient that i want to be sure i have the information right? and yes, housekeeping are big tip seekers....despite leaving a tip when i left in the morning, they would ring my doorbell at 8-9 at night to &quot;see if i needed anything&quot; I woud ignore the doorbell and then at least once they called on the phone! go away! they hang out in the hallway and pounce when you come back to inform you that they changed the fruit in your room or whatever,. looking for a tip. Also i was supposed to have free breakfast in the coffee shop included in my room tarrif. Most days i didn't bother. My last night there i got ill and tried to exchange my breakfast ticket for two cans of sprite the next morning, to soothe my stomach. they wouldn't do it. wanted me to pay. I tried to reason with them that whatever food i would eat if i came for breakfast would cost more than the sprite. i wanted two cans of sprite for breakfast, right? they had me sit down, talked amongst themselves, offered me canned juice. Juice made me sick in the first place. They wouldn't budge. This completely pissed me off. that is one star customer relations. WTF? He tried to tell me the relative expense of the items wasn't the issue blah blah blah but i lost patience to hear his explanation and stalked out. They just wanted more money. Like every freakin' Indian i encountered in Delhi, unfortunately. hang on to your purse because people will be trying to sell you things/cheat you at every turn!	
Mar 8 2009 	over priced - under whelmed - ashock ing hotel	shabby, smelly , tired, and that was just the staff. Poorly trained they did not have a clue. The fixtures and fittings were poor, the views awful and generally just disappointing. Our deluxe room had a comfortable bed and that was about it. One scruufy towel each, a grubby bathroom and no sign of any love or care.Of the six restaurants in the hotel only two were open and one of them was just vile. The other was average but top prices.Our 3 1/2 night stay cost £700 - do not stay here.This was billed as a five star hotel with matching prices - I suggest they invest in some lessons from the Taj Group - felt completely ripped off and we were both very ill into the bargain. hope it loses down - would like my money back!	
Mar 1 2009 	Nice but over priced good location near airport	Good pick up at the airport, nice room and grounds but over priced.	
Feb 22 2009 	sad...	Was my 4th stay at the hotel since 2000 and sorry to state that it's not getting better. Staying there as it's the place of the conference I am attending so it's just to avoid taking taxis on several occasions per day.... Had booked and confirmed room with balcony though received room without. When referring back to the reception's staff (be aware of the cashiers, as greedy as the years before) was informed, that the rate is the same... It's by far overpriced and one has to greet the staff, it's not the staff greeting you.... Meals at coffee-shop are &quot;OK&quot; while the staff at coffee-shop is at least trying to be friendly and fast.... trying... The staff at business-center tried to be of help and while services are really expensive, none of the 11 mails I had send arrived.....	
Feb 13 2009 	What a view!	I and my wife were travelling to Delhi for romantic getaway. We wanted to experience some really good places &amp; things together.We wanted to spend time in some good hotel so we could remember the stay as well as the places of stay. We had heard a lot about Hotel Ashok, how magnificient it is and how marvelous the view from the hotel top looks.We called up and booked a reservation for us. When we visited the hotel, we were impressed by how huge it looks from outside and how well it was maintained. The reception was quite good. The wait at the checkin was not at all there and within few minutes we were escorted to our room by a bellboy.The room was spectacular. It was well furnished and even the bathroom had marble tiled floor and huge mirrors. The room was spacious and had a very huge balcony. The Balcony was overlooking some gardens and playgrounds. THE VIEW FROM THE BALCONY WAS AWESOME. It gave us a very open view of the outside, yet private from others. We loved it.The restaurant in the basement was quite good. They have different types of restaurant serving different kinds of cuisines. We tried few of them and they were quite good food.Coming to the cons: As known before, the hotel is slightly on an expensive note. It is not easy to use it as a regular getaway. We had our own transportation for most of the time and hence distance wasn't the matter but on a few occasion, getting public transportation was not easy. However the hotel do have lot of Auto and Taxi guys waiting around and the doorman can help to get one for you.Overall, it is a great place and we really enjoyed it.	
Nov 6 2008	loved the ambience	I heard a great deal of bad reviews before we left. The Ashok is a government owned hotel and hence does not have the massive private investment of the other in the diplomatic enclave. I was greeted in a friendly manner when I arrived (4am, can't say I'm to impressed with Delhi Airport), staff were friendly and helpful throughout my stay. I am on the 3rd floor in a really nice room, I have two beds to myself, my room is cleaned and stocked daily. Everywhere I go I am saluted or bowed to, the decor is good, the place is clean. A few things to watch for: A few of the plug sockets have issues but for RS70 you can get a pretty good plug adaptor, the food in the 'Coffee Shop' is good enough, nothing special and the Paprika Chicken is awful, don't try the chinese restaurant, we ordered 3 plates of food and some rice and each dish got steadily worse, the first was what looks like a plate of ears (Chicken), the second looked like a pile of rotting cat poo (Beef) and the third looked like a collection of arteries and viens (Lamb) - absolutley disgusting! The rice wasn't bad though. Stay away from most of the food, check out the 'Fusion' bar, the staff are great and really freindly. I would definatley come here again.	
Oct 7 2008 	don't ever think about it!	OMG! I don't know what kind of star it has, definitely it's not shining!!! My husband and I went there for a medical convention.we arrived late evening, checked-in and went straight to our room. voila! smelly,bedcovers are dirty, yellow stained pillow cases,,creeking wavy faux wood flooring and bathroom was filthy! thanks heaven we brought our rubber slippers! you can't walk inside without it! haay, the next morning we went to the convention and came to the hotel room late...Surprise! room was smelled up with tobacco! i was angry but my husband told me to keep my cool. the next day, we let the cleaning man tidy up our room, my husband was in the shower and me reading seated behind a desk. peeking once in a while to see if the man is doing his cleaning job properly. satisfied, we gave him a big tip and closed the door. my husband went ahead to the convention and left me. while i was in the shower, someone rang the doorbell, thought it was my husband and might forget something, i ran to the door since it has no observation hole, asked loud &quot; sweetheart, is that you?&quot;. then that someone spoked indian that i dont understand and i said &quot;later&quot;!! with emphasis!  after a shower, i put on my clothes and was taking my time putting on my make-up, somebody rang the door again. the cleaning man gave me a basket of fruits and a bottle of coke and i said thank you and closed the door. rang the door again, it was a man wearing black suit and said that my laundry will be delivered that same day, i said thanks and closed the door. after i made myself up, i headed to the door to go out but suddenly the phone rang, thought it was my husband, i picked it up and said &quot;hello? sweetheart? helloo, hello? but the other line was just listening to my voice and all of a sudden i heard this voice of a woman moaning and in indian language! lewd! i placed the receiver down in a hurry and frozed, wondering what was it? who was it? after several seconds the phone rang again, i let it rang 3 times, i answered it again with firm and loud voice &quot; dad, is that you? hello,who is this?!! hello,hello?!! same thing happened again! i banged the phone, trembling,terrified. ran out the door and asked the cleaners who was the prank caller that made the lewd calls. i dont know if they understand me! my gosh! this is supposedly a five star hotel in their country! is it?!!! or never? after i complained, i noticed that there are more securities all over the hotel! holy cow! we've been around the world and never encountered such a thing! we will never go back to that place again! before that thing happened, the staffs look at you creepily as if they haven't seen a woman before! and outside of that hotel as well! creeeepy!!! rating? BLACK STAR!	
Sep 29 2008 	Smelly	This place is awful. Our convention was held here, and so, in order to avoid the hassle of getting a trustworthy driver every day, we decided to stay here despite the negative reviews. Hotel staff were a little creepy. Our hallway smelled very bad (especially in the mornings). Luckily, most of the smell remained in the hall and did not come into our room. That's not to say that our room didn't smell, it was just better in comparison. It was impossible to get internet in your room, so you needed to go down to the main lobby to get any work done. And since only one of the electrical outlets in the lobby seemed to be working, you had to make sure your computer was well charged before coming downstairs.I did see one roach in the hallway, (luckily again, not in our room). Stains, of course, on the towels/shower curtains. Our friends from Kenya were met with unacceptable racism from the hotel's club. I can't possibly say enough bad things about this hotel. Stay somewhere else!	
Aug 20 2008 	In my 6 weeks in India this was the worst	In the 6 weeks and 15 cities I've been to in India, this was the worst of the worst (and I stayed here more than once!). The staff was the rudest I've encountered anywhere, the room was dirty, the location was far from anything, and it was of course overpriced. I highly recommend against staying here.	
Aug 3 2008 	!!! AAAAAGGGGGGHHHHHHH !!!	We have never stayed in such a filthy, crumbling, insect ridden, mold covered, noisy, smelly establishment in my life - and wouldn't wish anyone else to!! Had we wished to experience such a place, we would have booked into a B&amp;B in the bazaar. On second thoughts, that would probably have been a nicer place to stay!!!The windows didn't fit properly so you had the noise and the smell of the traffic. We slept on top of the covers because of the state of the bed linen and would not walk on the carpets in bare feet. As for the bathroom - we washed in the sink rather than use the shower/bath.Doors to service areas/laundry were left open and you could see and smell the mold growing on the walls. Quite nauseating - it just made our skin itch!!One night was one night too much but as we'd arrived at 10pm, we didn't have the energy to look elsewhere!For a government run hotel, it was an absolute disgrace. The place ought to be knocked down as it is a health hazard. Even if this was the only starred hotel left in New Delhi, we would not stay here again. We would take the B&amp;B in the bazaar any day of the week!!	
May 2 2008 	Value for Money	Room rates in Delhi are surely overpriced as there is such a dearth of world-class hotel accommodation. In such a scenario, the Ashoka Hotel is one of the most reasonably priced 5-star accommodation available as it is still government owned.The acommodation is good and the service even better. Though many years old, the hotel has good rooms that are well appointed and reasonably big. Will surely use this hotel again.	
Mar 18 2008	Stay away !!	I would advise you to stay away from this hotel. I found that my hair dryer would not work, nor my television, not the desk light nor the floor light, and some of the electrical sockets. As I discovered them, most of these necessitated a visit from staff - at first I tipped those who fixed them, but then decided maybe this was a racket to get more tips. I was also suspicious about the fact that they only turned down the beds and left in fresh water AFTER I had gone to my room in the evening, no matter how late I returned - and waited around for a tip. They stopped turning down the bed after two days when i left them tipless for this. The shower curtains were stained, as was the armchair - and i found dirty slippers with lots of dust under my bed. When my message light showed, I discovered that the message key did not work, the first person I asked to help me on this never came back to me on it. Eventually i found another staff person who managed to get my messages, through an unknown code which he did not give to me - there were no instructions on how to access these messages anywhere in the room. The food (which tasted quite good, or at least the indian style food) was very expensive - more than the price for a similar meal back in the U.S. Service however was terrible - we waited 15/20 mins for some water to be brought to us. The use of wireless access cost $25 a day. The cost per night for this hotel is outrageous for a Delhi hotel - $250 a day - best go elsewhere.	
Mar 3 2008 	Dirty buggy and ridiculously overpriced	My husband and I stayed here for a conference at the end of February. It's a dump. Our room hadn't been vacuumed in ages, there was hair everywhere and orange pits on the bathroom floor, and our room (and a colleague's) had cockroaches. We're seasoned travelers and have stayed in dodgy places before, but for $250/night (the conference rate), we expected to at least be able to walk barefoot from shower to suitcase without accumulating someone else's hair and food on our feet. I don't know what the cleaning staff does there, besides barge into your room to deliver unnecessary and unrequested items (matches, extra bottles of water when you already have three) in the hope of getting a tip. In addition, the elevators shorted out on us a couple of times, and our electronic door-key receiver thing took three or four tries to unlock. The (consistently rude) hotel staff gave me the key to someone else's room and then acted like I'd done something sneaky to get it, and they lectured my husband on the proper insertion of the key card when he tried to get a replacement for his non-functional key. Conference meals were held in a courtyard area with thin carpeting laid over a mystery substrate that was apparently full of rocks. I saw many conference-goers trip and spill their food. (No great loss, as the food sucked, but dangerous all the same.)To top it all off, the lobby is full of carpet and trinket shops, so if you haven't already grown sick of hearing &quot;madam, take a glance, no need to buy, just look,&quot; then you're sure to get your fill on your way to the elevators.Try hard to stay away from the Ashok.	
Feb 23 2008 	May be OK one day	Hayes &amp; Jarvis &quot;upgraded&quot; us to the Ashok from the Oberoi Maidens for the first 3 nights of our India tour. We read the reviews and hoped it would not be as bad as reported, but unfortunately it was. Our rooms were dirty, especially the bathrooms which looked as thougth they had not been cleaned properly for years. You could hardly see in the mirror and the last guest's rubbish was still in the bins. It was very difficult to get rid of our creepy room &quot;boy&quot; who seemed to appear for no apparent reason every time we went to our rooms. My mother, particularly, was rather unnerved as she was sleeping alone and dreaded him just walking in - in the end she had to be quite rude to him, which is not her nature at all, and after that we hardly saw him, which was quite a relief. The restaurant was OK but a long walk along a miserable corridor from the main part of the hotel. We were not keen on the buffet dinner but the a la carte meals we had were acceptable and not bad value for money. The good news is that they do seem to be in the process of refurbishing the hotel and the new parts, like the &quot;Island&quot; restaurant and the business centre are very nice. I think it will one day be restored to its former glory but they also need to train the staff to do something other than look for tips.	
Feb 18 2008 	A Shoker!	Delhi is suffering from an accute hotel room shortage. The result is the Ashok at USD400 a night for an ordinary hotel room, ordinary tired property with ordinary to below average service. The room is clean, the bed comfortable and the water hot but for USD400 you want a little bang for your buck.The fridge was faulty. TV reception unwatchable despite three visits by repairman. Mod cons like the &quot;wireless&quot; internet served up a strength that redlined at least once a minute making transfers of longer documents virtually impossible (again technicians could not help). Request for ice through room service (no machine or alternative available on the executive floor) was accompanied by high expectations for a tip and on one occassion unannounced entry when I left the door ajar accidently (ie did not knock before entering).Seriously, there are some great hotels in Delhi (I like The Park) - The Ashok is not one of them	
Nov 20 2007 	Stay clear of the Ashok	Overrpiced - London prices for poor quality rooms and miserable service. The lowest point was when the waiter in the lobby lounge wiped the tea cups with his finger, and later washed our cups behind the desk with water from a mineral water bottle, from which he was also drinking. The same waiter also had poured us two cups of tea, then whisked the teapot away to finish the rest of the tea with his colleague. Do not stay there!	
Nov 15 2007 	They issued the room to another guest 1 hr after I checked in!	I was shocked that someone opened my door after midnight and we found out that the hotel issued the same room to another guest! I think that was an inexcusable error, what kind of security is that?I booked for a Superior Room but was given a Standard Room instead. The room is qutie recently renovated. The bathroom has no bathtub so the floor is wet after shower. There is not enough space to place toiletries too. The sound proofing is not good. I could hear TV noises from other rooms and the staff can be loud when they go around their duties along the corridor.The breakfast buffet was ok, your best bet is Indian food. The masala dosa was good. But no dosa on Sunday.The best part of the hotel is its gym. Modern equipment with individual TV screen. The staff seemed to be more friendly towards the regular clum members though.	
Aug 24 2007 	The good and the bad	OK, good things first: The hotel has a an awesome architecture and presents the atmosphere of the historical New Delhi. The reception hall and the sheer size of the hotel is impressive.The service is friendly and the restaurants are of good quality. The fitness and SPA area is really first class: Latest equipment and qualified trainers.For the rooms the experience is different: I stayed in the 6th floor, my room was obviously renovated and had parquet floor and relatively new furniture. The cleanliness and hygiene however was beyond any acceptable standard and would not be accepted even in a roadside motel: The bed was dirty and old curly hair from previous guests still present on the linen ....eerrgg ! The toilet was bearing week old traces of dried detergent fluid and the seat was spotted with different brownish colors. The shower handle just fell from its bearing upon touching and clear water only came after several liters of rusty brown water went down the drain. Obviously no room checks were made before renting it out to the next guest. On the following day the bed clothes were replaced,so no hair anymore, but then the linen had black greasy spots on it with doubtful origins. So I used towels as bedsheets. To sum up: for a five star hotel unacceptable and overpriced. Hygiene and cleanliness were kill factors, I do not accept this at 1 or 2 star hotels, not to speak of a five star ! As I said in the beginning the hotel has a good potential and facilities are worth five stars. If the management can cope with the housekeeping issues it will certainly get better ratings. For me however, it was the last time that I stayed there. For this room rates you get other five star hotels in Delhi.	
Aug 20 2007 	Lovely Hotel	I'm glad I didn't read these reviews beforehand. My husband and I stayed at the Ashok Hotel last weekend and we had a lovely time. We did not have reservations and when we inquired about rooms, the receptionist upgraded us to the executive floor at regular rates. The room was clean with a view of the pool. The bed was soft and comfortable, the room included many amenities and there was plasma tv. All the staff were accomadating and friendly. The food and drink at the restaurants were great and the pool and spa were beautiful. The executive lounge was nice and convenient (breakfast was served just down the hall from us on the 6th floor). We are from Canada and I was not expecting to stay at such a nice place. It is an old hotel, but that adds to the charm. It was beyond my expectations. The only reason I did not rate it above average was because of the price. It was expensive, but a weekend in Delhi to see the Taj Mahal was worth it.	
Aug 2 2007 	Krishna the porter	We had a terrible shock at the Ashoka Hotel! When we actually arrived in our room we found that there was a complimentary fruit basket which was mouldy and as old as or maybe older than the hotel....There were fake bottles of water...that were supposed to be mineral water but had been filled up with local tap water, we figured this out from our stomachs that night and this was very unpleasent. As for the plumbing, the toilets were over flooding and lets just say what went down came straight back up! ....Now for the service...the porters were constantly knocking at the door...waiting for tips and asking silly questions.....me and my sister thought we had accidently checked into fawlty towers (then again if we had we would have been some what lucky to an extent). One night the porter followed us in our room, we thought it was a service to be dropped to the room but when he came inside withouth an invite we were shocked! He told us he didnt drink alcohol and yet he managed to swig down half a bottle of bacardi! He kept inviting us to go and eat with him and his family, more fool us, we didnt actually realise we were invited to foot the bill and tip the resteraunt! The cheeek of it! They also refused to take credit card payments and would only accept cash! The only thing they would keep saying to us is &quot;ma'am! As polite as they were sounding it was very difficult to communicate!!....We could go on forever with the stories of how we survived for 7 nights but save urselfs from the misery! Also being Indian me and my sister felt discriminated against as there were rules for people!...Our final trip was to the Taj Mahal...we went for a day trip and as there were a few more spaces in our private transport the hotel staff invited themselves to come....and they robbed money and cheated my elderly father! Be warned of these people and their hotel!	
Jun 12 2007 	Okay in our section but not 5 stars	We stayed at the Hotel Ashok, 50B Chanakyapuri, as part of a group tour making a brief stop in Delhi. It is a huge hotel with a number of restaurants and a shopping arcade and a fancy business center. It is in New Delhi south of the government area, with no neighborhoodto walk to, and no nearby subway. Would not have been particularly convenient if we had time for our own outings, but we did not. Our room in what must be the renovated wing (far to the right as you facethe front of the hotel) was fine, but rooms in the other wing did not sound that great. We did not find it to be nearly as bad as the pans on Tripadvisor.com, and we found the service to be fine, but it definitely does not deserve its apparent 5 stars or justify the price(apparently $200+).	
Mar 10 2007	Trust these reviews - honest!	As a government owned hotel the service is about as bad as it gets. Hotel restaurants are pretty poor as well - I had to send back under cooked chicken, and the fish got its revenge during the night :-(Was probably a great hotel 30 years ago but now rooms are shabby and run down. Do yourself a favour and stay away.	
Feb 24 2007 	Very very disappointing	Do youself a favor and trust all the negative comments about this hotel. It's definitely not value for money nor what is expected of it's &quot;star&quot; rating. I stayed two nights at the hotel and the first night was terrible. The room was muggy, sheets were dirty and the bed was not even flat! The telephone looked like it hadn't been wiped down in 25 years, seriously no joke. I demanded a room switch (which reception took forever to concede to) so the second night I stayed in the newly renovated ones (the older, crappier ones will be renovated on soon, but call ahead to see if it's done bc it might take some time), and they were better, BUT my sheets had hair on it and the bathroom was not very clean. Rates for the renovated rooms and the old, crappy ones are the same.If you have no choice but to stay here, make sure you get the hotel to assign the new rooms to you. That said, be prepared for reception to tell you the day that you arrive that those rooms are all taken and they give you one of the crap ones instead.	
Feb 13 2007 	Sadly - Just about as bad as everyone says!	I went to the Ashok hoping that the earlier reviewers were just fussy and demanding. Sadly they were simply accurate. An average 3 star hotel trying to be 5 star. The public areas are ok but the rooms are old, tired and dated. Service is patchy and the facilities (shops, restaurants etc) set in something of a time warp!I was able to put up with this and had to stay as a conference was being held at the venue. But others were paying $200 a night - sheer robbery.For a few days relaxation I transferred to the Intercontinental Nehru Place - new hotel different universe. Excellent in every way and the same price as the Ashok. I notice the management at the Ashok have not used the right of reply faciliity on this site. That tells its own story. Avoid unless you enjoy wasting money.	
Feb 1 2007 	A very bad Shock worst hotel ever	This was the worst supposedly 5* hotel we have ever stayed in. The staff were extremely rude, food was awful and the rooms were old and grubby. I so wish I had read the reviews before paying £400 for 2 nights. It was most definately an experience to forget. I wrote a letter of complaint to them and suprise suprise I've had no reply. I would recommend that no one should even consider this hotel, you are better off staying somewhere which is 2*We stayed in this hotel to get the best of our last 2 days in India and regretted every minute. It totally left a sour taste in our mouth, we were glad to get back to the UK.	
Dec 18 2006 	Not quite as disturbing as others say it is	...but then again, it is definitely not a good hotel either. I found it to be basic, but ok. Then again, if you think of how much you pay there, it is quite a rip-off. In Europe, I would say, this hotel is ok if you pay not more than 80 EUR a night for a room. Sure, everything is a bit old there and some parts more run down than others, but that is because their furniture is often made from wood and uses carpets where more modern hotels go with more practical furbishing. However, staff was quite friendly, room service quick, and they have a nice outside pool and spa. Also the adjunct restaurants seemed to be alright. But like I said, everything there is just 'alright', which is not good enough for ca. 250 EUR a night. I would probably go there again if my work sent me there, but I would definitely not recommend this as a honeymoon location. It would be fairly disappointing.	
Dec 1 2006 	Never Stay - Read This and see pictures you will know why	Hotel Rooms were stinky. It was worst hotel I ever stayed in. I paid 180 $ (INR 8000) for 1 Night.Hotel reception was ok but Rooms are dead.I needed a hotel near US embassy so I unluckily chose this one. Embassy was walking distance. Room was so disgusting that I cant mention it ... I dont have words ... If I write something I am sure tripadvisor.com would bann me .. so I took pictures of the room. Which speak itself ... It's like no comments ... Just check it urself. Room BathRoom - Oh God it was like a 10000 people used public toilet. Dirty like anything, Have pictures of these as well.Regarding Breakfast - It starts at 7 AM, and I was very hungry at 6 AM so I landed at breakfast area at 7:15 AM, nothing was ready on the serving table. I ate some toasts etc by 7:30 AM , by the time I was done 7:55 AM, I saw they started putting lot of other new tasty stuff too. So dont go before 8 AM incase you want to enjoy everything.Never ever stay in this hotel.	
Nov 20 2006 	Terrible! Terrible! Terrible!	This hotel is definitely a place where you should not stay even if you had a gun pointed to your head. I did not have the privilege of booking into a hotel of choice as it’s peak season but I did check this website ahead of my trip here. The reviews should have been warning enough as did the candid travelers pictures posted and the PICTURES DO NOT LIE. This hotel classifies itself as a 5 star DELUXE hotel and it probably was, 50 years ago. The exterior looks charming because of the architecture, very colonial but Indian at the same time. However, the inside is a different story.Firstly, upon arrival at 10p.m., there wasn't any porter service and that is quite strange for a 5 star deluxe. Whilst the lobby is clean it looks dated. The LCD TV at the lobby showed nice standard rooms in the TOWER block. I guess the tower block have the newly refurbished or recently cleaned and fumigated rooms, as it appears a FAR CRY from the rooms that were assigned to us (there were 3 of us and all 3 rooms were of similar dismal condition which really defeated the need to ask for a change of room). The key to the room weight at least one pound as it was solid metal and HUGE (the red paint on the key had discolored in parts which tells you how old these are!). Enough to knock anyone out if you threw it at him or her. You need to put the key into the key-hole (turn in clockwise) and at the same time turn the doorknob anti-clockwise before the door opens. The carpets (in the corridor as well as in the room) look as if it had never been changed for the 5 decades since the hotel was built. So old that where it has thined, you can see beneath the carpets and the dust that accumulates there. Where the carpets are completely worn out, a patch of new carpet is fitted on top. There are stains everywhere. Even on the bed sheets. The pillows are hard probably compacted from the years of use!Everything in the bathroom that is metal has rusted. Cannot tell about the metal in the room since the lighting in the room is best suited for nocturnal animals. The toilet seat had a wrapper around it that says `Disinfected for your safety’ and I believe them! Just wondering why they did not disinfect the rest of the room. The flush to the toilet is unique and is a knob that protrudes out of the wall. After turning it round and twisting it, you actually need to use all of your strength to push it in before it flushes as the rust is quite advance. Underneath the dresser there are phone books that say 2006 but look like 100-year old manuscripts. The furniture I don’t even want to describe.If by now you still do not have second thoughts of changing your accommodation, be prepared for the live-in guests that come FREE with the rooms since one night here costs USD200+. Cockroaches. These creatures were everywhere (and in all 3 rooms that we had). They were in the cupboards, on the water bottles supplied, in the toilet and on the towels (so bring your own!). I did not see any on the bed but I would not discount it. I don’t want to know if I had anything else sharing the bed with me (shudder). One night at the Ashok was indeed an experience never to be repeated again. We checked out the next day! Luckily for us, we managed to get a room at another hotel. My advice: Trust the reviews!	
Nov 20 2006 	Noisy 	My husband &amp; I were booked into the Ashok for many days by his company after another hotel in Delhi fell through. After changing rooms once (the first had twin beds &amp; a damp carpet reeking of insecticides) we wound up with what was probably one of the best rooms in the hotel. Newly renovated, it had laminate wood floors, brand-new bedding, and was generally bright &amp; cheery. HOWEVER, the majority of my husband's colleagues were not so lucky. Their rooms were generally grubby and threadbare. Several reported cockroaches in their rooms, one had bed-bugs, and several had rooms so dirty they had to have housekeeping scrub them twice (and these are generally not picky people). The hotel is also ridiculously noisy. NONE of us slept well because a series of megaphones for a taxi stand outside go on ALL NIGHT LONG broadcasting traffic instructions and call-ups for cabs. It was like trying to sleep in an auction house or an air-traffic controller's room. Sounds of honking outside, the airconditioning vents, and the pounding nightclub downstairs only compounded the problem. What's more, the hotel does stink: of must and exterminator's chemicals. The stench was so bad that before we switched rooms, my husband couldn't sleep because the smell kept him awake, and by the end of our stay, our clothes were saturated with it. Another travesty is the service. Except for the Coffee Shop staff and a smattering of housekeepers, the service ranged from indifferent to rude. When I went to the travel desk to arrange a half-day sightseeing tour, the man there ignored me for five minutes while he chatted on the phone, then told me dismissively, &quot;I'm a very busy man right now. I don't have any cars available. Come back some other time.&quot; When several of my husband's colleagues checked out, the reception staff tried to charge them a higher rate than had been contracted. It was simply outrageous. The Ashok has some great restaurants, an excellent spa, and bags of potential. But the government has got to stop pretending this is a five-star hotel. Probably, it should get out of the hotel business all together. In the hands of a private interest and with some SERIOUS renovations and overhauling the Ashok could live up to the delusions of grandeur currently pictured on its website. But right now, it's an out-of-the-way, run-down, noisy, unappealing, overpriced wreck of a place.	
Oct 31 2006 	A shock at The Ashok	As a frequent traveller to Dehli, without a doubt my preferred hotel is The Imperial, or, at the other end of the spectrum, The Park. However, given the lack of rooms in the city I was forced to stay at The Ashok for my last business trip. A SHOCK certainly sums it up! The government run hotel could be a splendid example of traditional Indian grandeur, as its website claims. Sadly, it is not. I checked in late at around 11pm and was greeted by surly receptionists who seemed more interested in getting an imprint of my credit card (for Rs.10,000 - not cheap) than anything else. I was shown to my room by a bellboy so insistent on carrying my one small bag, despite my resistence, that he actually tried grabbing it from me. When I did get to my room, I was mortified. Shabby implies chic nowadays, but this was just shabby. Dirty fingerprinted TV, light switches, toilet seat; tarnished mirrors; dirty cutlery laying around; and the piece de resistance - dark hairs on the pilled pillows and sheets of each of the twin beds. It took three phone calls and a visit by housekeeping to convince them that I didn't want the room, nor did I want to wait for sheets changing, I just wanted to move. The second room seemed more promising, with a fruit basket (and clean knife) but on closer inspection, the beds again were hairy and unappealling. I slept with a pashmina as a pillow and had a terrible night's sleep, especially as after midnight housekeeping called to see if the room was okay; on advising them no, but I cut my losses, they didn't seem to know how to handle it other than saying that the general manager would make it up to me in the morning. Didn't hang around to see what that may involve, but suffice to say, if you have any other choice, don't stay here. What has the potential to be a wonderfully equipped five-star hotel with spacious rooms and a warren of shops and restaurants turned out to be a disappointingly dirty stay in Delhi.	
Oct 29 2006 	don't stay at this hotel in delhi accomodation is terrible.	This has got to be the worst hotel ever. The rooms are old and run down. There is a stink in the hallway and staff are generally not very helpful. The only good things are the staff in the restaurant and the breakfast buffet. If you are staying in india, spend a bit more money and stay somewhere else. It cost us $220 a night which is a complete rip off. We were really looking forward to getting out of there. The sheets were dirty and we asked them to change it. Noticed the next day the sheets were the same but changed towards the end of the bed. They don't change your sheets everyday. The electricity cords are dodgy too. It is a gross place to stay and i would avoid it...maybe back in the 60's it was good but not now..sorry to stay but it is the truth..yuk!	
Sep 24 2006 	Overpriced with poor service and grimy rooms!	Lesson learned: Never stay at a government-run hotel. The Ashok is a tired, grimy, grubby hotel. The rooms are dirty and dated, the service is surly and unatentive. I couldn't beleive this hotel was given a 5-star rating....until I found out that it was government-run/owned....The Taj hotels (Taj Mahal and Taj Palace) are FAR more pleasant at around the same price.	
Sep 24 2006 	I wish I had checked the reviews	I can't believe how bad this hotel has gotten. I originally was here in the early 80s when it was one of the best hotels in Delhi. With the exception of cable TV, I don't think the rooms have been updated since then. The beds are uncomfortable, the hot water is almost non existent, the paint is peeling , the internet service is one of the worst I have had in India and to top it off the food is awful at best and expensive. The sad thing is I originally was excited to be able to stay here after so many years. Between the lousy food, the crappy rooms and the creepy guys (security &amp; maids) in the hallways - this is one hotel to avoid.	
Jun 5 2006	3* pretend to be 5*	We where surprised arriving at 5* hotel, where we found grey towels and bed linen. All over the hotel were signs of government ownership - too much of staff, equipment out of order, etc. I expect for that price you can get much better deal.	
May 19 2006 	Shocking time at the Ashok	I was staying at the Ashok hotel between the 11th and 16th of May 2006 for business reasons. During my stay I found the rooms to be unclean and unsafe! whilst moving the hairdryer I received an electric shock. I reported this to the duty manager and asked to speak with the general manager. I was informed that the general manager was in the hotel but was in a meeting and unable to see me! I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Apr 16 2006	Hotel to avoid	The room was very large, the furniture was grubby and tatty. The bathroom smelled, the bath did not drain, the bidet did not work, the W.C. splashed your trousers when flushed. The mini bar was empty. The balcony was very dirty, paint peeling off wood work and no balcony furniture. The windows were cracked, putty coming away and dangerous to open.The staff were rude, dismissive and unhelpful. I was pushed by one member of staff. The dining room was small and the food below par. There was no bar available to residents (closed for functions). One could not obtain a drink without going into a restaurant.All this for 315$US per night B/B!!	
Mar 28 2006	Expensive but Worth It	Location: In Between Airport, Sites and Central CityService: Above Average Price: High for location, but worth the ratingRoom: Within the rating	
Mar 4 2006	Not a five star hotel	Hotel Ashok is a big hotel in the diplomatic district of new delhi (that is not close to any tourist destination !). it has many restaurants and shops and the lobby is Ok, But Ashok hotel was nothing near being five star. I would rather call it something in between one and two star hotel. &quot;Cleanliness&quot; had no definition in that hotel : my bed sheet was dirty and stained. the minibar refrigirator didn't work and it was empty. The toilette mirror was rusty. I really didn't dare touch anything in that hotel as it seemd that it had not been cleaned for the past 20 years.Although I have to admit that there were two parts in this hotel and the other part seemed to be Ok.I stayed there in Feb. 2006 for 3 nights and I would not be back there ever again.	
Feb 25 2006	Very disappointed with the rooms and the service	We stayed at the Ashok for one night in February as our Tour Company (Compass Tours) told us that the Park hotel was not available due to President Bush's visit to India. We were sent to dirty rooms that seemed like they hadn't been cleaned for weeks. We spent our afternoon trying to get cleaner rooms rather than sight seeing. We finally got some rooms that were a little cleaner than the ones we first saw and ended up staying there. We had paid the same rate as the Park Hotel (we had stayed at the Park earlier in our tour)where the rooms were a 100% better than the Ashok. The management was neither friendly nor helpful. Try to avoid staying here at all cost.	
Feb 20 2006	Pleasantly surprising stay not as bad as expected	We stayed at the Ashok in Feb 06 for 3 nights there was 2 adults, 2 teenangers and a toddler. We stayed in a suite on Floor 5, this was well sized and we had 2 single beds put in the spacious living room. It seemed that there are 2 types of rooms, standard and superior, the superior ones are accessed by marble lined floors, the standard is by carpet. On our floor was an attendant 24/7 who was very attentive. The room was good (uk 4 star std) the bathroom was not as good but adequate. The hotel overall is quite dated but in Delhi is probably quite modern. There is a lot of staff around, who we found very helpful particularly with our toddler. The restaurants are ok, but I would recommend eating out. One night we ate at the hotels Frontier restaurant, food was northern indian fare, very good but at western pricing, later in the week we ate out for the same quality at 1/4 the price. There is a health club which is actually not owned by the hotel, it has very good facilities but if you want to use the gym only, they make you use the basic outdoor changing rooms as opposed to the clubs impressive facilities. Overall we enjoyed our stay but you must try and get a superior room/suite, it is worth paying a bit more.	
Jan 17 2006	Soviet-Era Luxury Indian Style	What a dump. Stay at hotels such as Oberoi which are in a similar price range but deliver first-class amenities and services on all fronts.	
Jan 13 2006 	Business travelers Stay Away	General: There is a big gap between terrible and okay but some problems. This property falls somewhere in the middle but closer to bad. Front desk: To small and unorganized to handle more then three guests at a time. Took 25 minutes with a reservation to check in even after I got to interact with the miserable woman working behind the counter. Interior: Carpeting in hallways threadbare and dirty.Room: International plug did not work, no internet cable as purported, and remote was non functional. So working or relaxing was more complicated then it should be. The scale is so big that if the hotel is not full it is almost depressing eating in a 300 person restaurant during the only hour you have with a business guest and you are the only two in the house. Restaurants: Lots of options lots of range in quality. Korean rest was good, Chinese was not so good, the breakfast place could not handle the volume even a small event on the property. The new bar Steel is the best option this place had it was freshly done with good staff that tried and a great relaxed scene. It was the only real haven there where I did not dislike my stay. Conclusion: I travel the world and this was part of a 10 day trip in India and I had much better results at other hotels so this is not about India or cultural differences. Everything in this hotel seemed to be old and tired and interactions with the staff were harder or more complicated than it needed to be. If you do anything other than sleep there as a business guest the frustration took more than it should out of you by the end of the day. It was an exercise in patience all day.	
Jan 7 2006	like al india needs a clean up	the receptionists personel asked my wife how long we are going to stay like they were afraid that we dont have enough money to pay despite the fact that we were coming and go again at the same hotel for a 1 and 1/2 months the rest personel its ok. .the restaurants had a good service except the chinese restaurant which they warm the food for 2nd time before the serve it. Surely it needs a good clean up, change of mattresses, change of all carpets, painting and repairs in the wc....and one more thing....the people in the parking area have to stop shouting through loudspeakers in the middle of the night......all night long...i have changed 6 rooms in this hotel and the situation was more or less the same. the surrounding area is peaceful and clean i wish the same with the hotel	
Dec 3 2005	Prisoners in the West enjoy better facilities	Well, maybe not, because i lack any experience to comment about prison facilities. But i had to wait 52 minutes in the lobby (along with wife, son and a cranky 8 month old daughter and four suitcases) before i could get someone to show me my room. And that was ony after i got into and was the winner of a &quot;shouting&quot; match with the staff. The corridors were dark and I came across some dubious looking people during my one day stay there. The bathroom was of 1940's vintage and the toiletry was very cheap. Room service took forever. The thing that rankled me the most was the could not care less attitude of the staff. They were very grumpy looking and mean and behaved more like they did not really want to be there and did not want you to be there either. I really felt like kicking their backsides. The only saving grace was the performance of the musicians in the restaurant. Needless, to say i left the next day for another hotel.	
Nov 3 2005 	Majestic property....truly		
Jul 4 2005	Happening Disc		
Jul 4 2005 	best hotel of this region		
Jul 1 2005	I visited this Palacial hotel first time and liked it lot.		
Mar 13 2005	would not return		
Mar 12 2005	A shock - not Ashok		
Feb 8 2005	Avoid at all costs		
Feb 6 2005	The worst hotel I have ever been to!		
Feb 3 2005	Ashok Hotel - A shocking Hotel!		
Mar 20 2009 	Not worth the money spend	External appearance is great. The employees dress like professionals. But it is only in their dress and salutations! All employees accept great tips. But service is really poor. I stayed in one room. There was heavy construction noise very nearby. Also there was block in bathroom sewage. Reported the trouble. They changed me to another room. Room was clean. But again not so good bath room and toilet (for the amount they charge). In the bathroom ventilator of this new room there was bird's nest and the birds were making noises. Looking out of the 4th floor room window, the view is in to the yard of a small house. You can enjoy everything happening in that house. Internet connectivity from your room: They charge you almost 15% of your room rent for internet connection for a full day and the connection is very poor. You cannot do any serious work with their connection. I stayed only for two days even though I was in Delhi for more than five days. The third day early in the morning itself I moved to another better hotel.	
Feb 21 2009 	Hotel wasn't bad but not in the best location	We stummbled upon this hotel accidently, were originally stayed at Raj Hans down the road...but it was soooo disgusting we paid double to stay at the Atrium the next night...our last night in India. so after staying in the crappiest 5 star ever the nite before the Atrium was definetly an upgrade...but it felt empty . We got there late ..about 11pm and were going to check out at 9 that morning so they lowered the rate for us. The location of this hotel sucks, the area is unlit at night...desserted....so for a first time traveller it made me uneasy...it was basically in the middle developing hotels...construction surrounds it...I think they are trying to build a community of resorts. The room was small but nice, modern. We ordered room service, it wasnt bad. Room was clean but there was a door joining our room with another and we could hear the people next door clearly...the walls are paper thin. I dont think I would stay there again but it was nice enough....we never did see any other guests,	
Nov 21 2007 	Terrible Hotel Terrible location	We had the misfortune to be allocated to this hotel by a tour operator.We were told we would be staying in a four star hotel in Old Delhi. However it transpired that we were instead booked into this hotel which is 25k from Delhi in another town altogether, Faridabad, an unattractive industrial area.Our first impressions of the hotel were of a massive construction site spewing dust onto a building with peeling paint and dirty windows. The room was the worst we stayed in throughout our two week stay in India. It was dirty, the electrical sockets were not attached properly to the wall, the sheets were stained and had holes and for the first 24 hours we had no hot water. The construction site began at around six am and made noise which was loud enough to wake us through a closed window.The hotel is arranged into four atriums which are massive and deserted. It seemed that our tour group and handful of others were the only people staying in hotel which had a capacity for at least ten times that amount. The service was not remarkable but a little lax. A room service tray which was outside our room when we arrived had not been removed when we left nearly 48 hours later, despite various staff coming to our and the adjacent room during the period.It took between 40 and 90 minutes to get in and out of the centre of Delhi depending on traffic and therefore it was not a practical choice for sightseeing in the city.I would not recommend that anyone stay at this hotel.	
Jul 5 2007 	Horrible intrusive service at the Atrium	I had the misfortune to spend around 10 days at the Atrium hotel while travelling on business. Really it was quite disappointing from start to finish. I was given a room with a tiny window in a corner, facing out onto an active construction site that was active almost around the clock. Besides the noise, construction workers could look right into the room as soon as a the curtains were open which left me without natural light most of the time. When I got to the room the shower didn't work, and it took them ages to fix, the toilet seat was broken, there was hair on the bedsheets, the carpets in the room were filthy and other small details in the room, glasses etc, were just not clean. I was never offered a new room.The service ranged from being, in the best case, just very awkward, to in the worst case being extremely intrusive. In general it was always bad. After a very disappointing meal in the restaurant I pointed out that the bill was incorrect (in my favour). Two times I was assured that it was fine. Two hours later I was called up in my room by someone who refused to speak english but managed to communicate that I needed to sign my bill. After a while he said he would come to my room. It was almost midnight and I had already gone to bed so I said absolutely not. Minutes later, despite my refusal, the person knocked on the door, barged in and forced me to sign a new restaurant bill to correct the mistake made hours ago. The difference was just a few rupies.Laundry was returned at almost 11pm and was always incorrectly handled despite clear instructions.I can't believe this hotel manages to market itself as international standard accomodation as it is so far below what can reasonably be expected that it is just not worth it at any price.	
May 9 2007 	Good hotel excellent service	We stayed at the Atrium for three nights in April.The service from check-in to check-out was excellent; all staff were helpful and friendly.The entrance is grand, the communal areas are well decorated, and the rooms are comfortable. Power can be erratic at times, but this is to be expected in Delhi.You will need transport if staying at this hotel, as it is a little out of town.All in all a nice hotel, and I would stay here again.	
Nov 25 2009	Amazing!	what can i say... drive through the area it is situated in and you are thinking the worst.. but turn the corner and the Avalon comes out of nowhere! Fantastically designed hotel with great rooms and good food! Gym and pool is always a nice addition which the avalon certainly does not lack. Only one quarm i can think of and that was the shower door not fitting properly leading to a large puddle of water on the bathroom floor. Apart from that... Amazing.	
Oct 3 2009	Claustrophobic and No-maza	The approach road to Avalon appears unfriendly and dilapidated. I don't think you want to take a stroll around the hotel. Inside the courtyard the rooms are trendy and has a mini kitchenette. The long french windows lead into nothing ... err a completely covered space. No fun. We used the place to grab a night's sleep as we kept ourselves busy with NewDelhi during day times. The courtyard boasts of a heated indoor pool, but the heating system wasn't functioning during our stay. Breakfast spread is ok.	
Aug 31 2009 	Modern and pleasant but totally out of the way!	The Avalon was a pleasure to walk into - bright and spacious reception with modern decor. Very clean and pleasant check in procedure. Lovely double room - almost a suite, very well equipped with TV, sofa, comfy bed with clean and fresh bedding. Staff were friendly and attentive when required.Downside is the location....we booked this through an agent and so did not realise the location otherwise would not have stayed here. If you want to wander into town (Delhi), this is the wrong place to stay. If you want to stay in a quieter hotel in a residential area then this might be for you.	
Jul 29 2009 	Awful Location dry (alcohol) hotel drivers with scams for money but lovely rooms.	Fortunately, the only savior with this hotel is the rooms are completely fantastic. We arrived in the evening and found our room entirely lovely. However on the following morning we booked a car through the hotel, only to be scammed by the 'guide'. The staff are entirely lovely and the restaurant is decent. IF YOU DRINK THIS IS NOT YOUR HOTEL, as this district of dehli is completely dry. Also you must keep in mind that if you travel outside of this hotel you may need to pay a tax to get entry back into the district (your taxi will not pay this fee). It is also far from the sights and city center so be prepared to pay around 700Rs for 40m or 4 hours and then fees above if doing any sightseeing. We probably would NOT go back because of location and proximity to anything in Dehli worth seeing.	
Jul 28 2009 	Ultra modern clean and very friendly	I stayed in one of the Residence suits which was lovely - spacious, well equipped with kitchen, large bathroom, sofa, TV and very comfortable bed.The staff were delightful, really friendly and helpful.The spa was very nice and all facilities were included in the room priceInternet was super fast but expensive at 500RS for 2 hoursBreakfast was also delicious.It took just 30 minutes to get from the hotel to the airport for my homebound flight so it was really convenient as an overnight stop.	
Jun 16 2009 	good hotel but far from center	I move to this hotel as i booked at Raunak hotel but it was nightmare there. this hotel is far from center about 30 mins but it's about 20 mins to airport and about 15 mins to big shopping mall which i am happy over there. the residence room is nice as it's similar to service apartment. you got living area and kitchen counter with microwave and shower. but shower always leaking out from the shower door and i rang the staff since teh first day but never come to fix it. the water is all over the floor everytimes i had a shower but the overall of the room is good. the hotel lobby is nice with modern style. the staffs is ok but not really communicate among themself first. i was plan to go to lotus temple and reception guy call to chek that it's open or not. he said it's open on that day but when we went their it was close. also, when we already booked the taxi to go to the airport. 3 staffs keep asking did you book the taxi yet and they want to charge me for the taxi even my package in my guest profile said 'included 1 way trasfer to airport'. the room service food is nice there but the breakfast is quite abit limit in choices. the internet is expensive also. it's RS 250 per hour. we paid at 3,500RS per night and i stay for 4 nights which i'm quite happy with the overall.	
Jun 2 2009 	Very nice Room Nice Hotel Awful Location	Sutese were very nice. Very modern and well equipped. Terrible view from window of high canvas fence installed I am sure to hide the view of the quite awful neighbourhood outside.Restaurant was nice with very pleasant staff. Food was fine if somewhat limited in choice. The restaurant was unlicenced and there was no bar in the hotel.Swimming Pool (Indoor) was unfortunately so cold we were not brave enough to use it. Otherwise recreation area was very good.	
Oct 24 2008 	GReat Hotel	This is a very nice, clean well serviced hotel. Location isn't great but for a nice room and attentive staff, it is fantastic. The gym is great, on staff massages available. The food is fine--and they staff will attempt to make anything for you. the internet is really good, although expensive.A great find.	
Jul 5 2008 	Pub with no beer!	We arrived at the Avalon Courtyard after flying in from Australia.We travelled along rutted filthy streets in the rain so our first impression of India was not so good.The driver pulled into a lane way and said here we are, we couldn't see a hotel!Once inside a huge and atractive atruim apeared, it was very nice, our room was lovely, very big with kitchenette, living area and bedroom with well appointed bathroom, a good suprise.The restaurant served excellent food, only one drawback.....it is a dry hotel, no bar, no liquor served at all and it is in the midle of nowhere so nowehere to go and buy any.For a group of Aussies arriving after 14 hours of travelleing that was not a good thing.Other than the location and lack of beverage it is a very good value hotel that I would hapily recomend, just BYO!	
Mar 24 2008	Easy entry to India	Very clean, modern and reasonably quiet. Breakfast was served early for us as we were on an early train to Agra.	
Mar 14 2008 	Ultra modern noisy and charmless.	My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel for one night at the end of our recent holiday.The Avalon Courtyard is ultra modern and totally lacking in any of the character and charm we experienced during our stays at all the other wonderful heritage hotels and palaces throughout our trip. To say my girlfriend hated it would not be an over statement.When you enter it, you feel like you are walking onto the set of some science fiction movie. All the rooms open out onto corriders which overlook a central courtyard/atrium.There is one cafe style restaurant from which you could sit and watch people in the indoor pool if anyone used it. The hotel at the time of our stay (9th March 2008) had no licence to sell alcohol.As mentioned by the earlier reviewer, it is not conveniently located for access to other bars and restaurants, so a taxi would be necessary should you wish to do so. When we asked why this hotel was chosen for our last night, the reason given was its proximity to the airport.The room was very modern and clean although quite small. There was no bath. The walls must be incredibly thin as I counted next door's alarm going off 5 times as the occupant made maximum use of the snooze facility. The windows are single glazed and serve only to keep the rain out, since they are more or less ineffective at keeping out Delhi's noise. The view from our room was of a concrete wall separated from us by only 20 feet or so.On the positive side, the staff were extremely courteous and friendly. One even took the trouble to return my suitcase keys to me which I had accidently left in the room when we checked out!Overall, I would say if you can avoid staying here then do so. If not, then treat it as a stopover en-route to somewhere better.	
Oct 29 2007 	Nice rooms friendly helpful staff	New property that had just opened this month. Rooms are spacious and well suited for a medium term stay. Microwave, couch and a small frig in each room. Beds are great. Very nice gym with new equipment. Drawbacks were a challenging location, nothing close by within walking distance so taxis required. Property faces village road with two ninety degree turns on the same block. Cars horns are used to warn motorist and pedestrians as they approach the corners. Staying towards the back of property is recommended.	
Nov 14 2009 	Spacious clean and good service	Stayed at this hotel while on holiday in Delhi. Female traveller alone. This hotel was away from the centre of Delhi so make time to travel in and out. Rooms are spacious, modern. Service was prompt and the food was good.Pool area is a bit run down and not very well attended. As a single lady the attention at breakfast was a bit too much - lots of staring and people coming out of the kitchen to look too. Another downside was the lack of hot water in the afternoons; had to wait until 6pm each day. I all a good hotel where single females will feel okay.	
Aug 10 2009 	Good for our one night pre-flight stay	We stayed at the Claremont because we were looking for a reasonably priced, clean comfortable hotel near the Delhi airport. Distance-wise, the hotel is not that far, however it took us 40 minutes to drive to the airport at 7:15am on a Monday morning. We had planned for at least that amount of time, so it wasn't a problem. The hotel also allowed for us to have 3 adults and 2 children in one room. When making the reservation it stated we'd have 2 beds. Our room had 1 King and 1 twin bed that was brought in, so it really only slept 3 comfortably. The room was clean apart from a few stains on the carpet. One bothersome thing regarding the room was that there was no deadbolt and no latch on the door. The only way to lock the door while inside the room was to use the key (an actual metal key) to turn the lock. Also, the safe in our room was not functioning, so we made certain not leave anything of value in the room when we went out to dinner. The front desk staff and restaurant staff were very friendly. The restaurant offered a dinner buffet or an a la carte menu. The menu offered Indian and Chinese options and we were happy with the variety of choices. Overall, this hotel served our purpose of having a clean room with a hot shower before our early morning flight.	
Jun 16 2009 	Good Place for Private Function.	Although it was my cousin marriage arrangement on 09-May-09; Really good stay and dining arrangement with family for couple of days. Hall &amp; Poolside Lawn are perfectly maintain for private function.	
Jun 16 2009 	Made with Class	Hotel is made with class &amp; surrounded with greenary area. Staff was Courteous &amp; well groomed. I really recommend this Hotel.	
Jun 3 2009 	Nice Hotel for Stay	Room are quite spacetous; Coffee Shop Blue Pearl ambience is impressive &amp; food is wow.. specialy indian &amp; pasta's ; open pool with huge lawn for exercise or move around. Over all nice hotel for stay with friend and famliy.	
Mar 29 2009 	Generally OK	Not a bad hotel. Cox and Kings travel agency used it as an &quot;airport hotel&quot; although it's a 25 minute drive from the airport. The rooms are clean and decent, but the &quot;hot&quot; water was only lukewarm when I took a shower at 3:00am.	
Dec 5 2007 	Horrible Place to Stay	On the tail end of an otherwise wonderful trip to Rajastan India, we were booked into this property by Castle and King TourServices. On our first day we were welcomed into a severelysmoked out room (we had requested a non-smoking room). We were told we would be transferred. After around fifteen minutes,we contacted the front desk and were told &quot;All rooms sold out!!!We can transfer you in the morning&quot;. We then encounted a non flushing toilet and had to use the lobby facilities all evening. Noassistance to repair was available. My wife, after coming out of the shower, told me 'Stay away from the shower curtain, it has a lot of mold on it&quot;. So went our stay at the Claremont.We left for Khajarao in the AM with a promise that we would be upgraded to a much better room when we returned to Delhi. I thought seriously about transferring to another hotel, but the payments for all three nights we already surrendered to the Claremont.When we returned to Delhi we were surprised to be upgraded to the &quot;executive suites&quot;. The toilet worked and the shower curtain was fine. Unfortunately the room was right above the disco or club facility so for two nights we had to listen to the unusual bollywood disco sounds until midnight or closer to 1AM.Our general opinion of our tour all over India was great. The people, sights, sounds, and food made for a memorable trip. The only bad thing was the way it ended in Delhi. STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL!!!	
Nov 5 2009	?????????????		
Sep 6 2009 	??		
Apr 10 2009	Oase nach Großstadttroubel		
Oct 1 2007	mitigé		
Jun 25 2009 	We had great time...........	As we have taken this holiday on weekend &amp; its pakage was great as the hotel was, we were on triple occupancy &amp; the hotel staff were good enough to take care of us.........We had blast &amp; enjoyed the weekend with all recreational stuff &amp; evening with great wine..........Food is equaly good but expensive enough............&amp; as the the hotel clams to be 4star, its fair enough to be..........	
Jun 19 2009 	Clarion Collection	A very comfortable and clean hotel in Delhi. The rooms are very spacious and very well maintained. The hotel restaurant is very good and serves Indian and continental food. Almost all facilities are available within the hotel. A very good place for business meeting and conferences.	
Jun 12 2009 	Good location comfortable for business visitors	Had been to Qutab for a business event. The hotel is pretty centrally located which makes it ideal for business travellers.The conference hall was huge and the staff was cooperative. They did make all arrangements as per our requirements. The lunch was arranged by the poolside. The rooms are very comfortable. The food is ok, not great. Overall good for business travellers and tourists travelling alone or couples. May not be attractive or value for money for families.	
May 10 2009 	Two nights at The Qutab	I normally stay at a different hotel in New Delhi, but chose to stay here as it was close to the location for my business meetings. Safe to say that I totally regretted my choice within 15 minutes of landing up.The reception staff at check-in was probably a trainee from one of the hotel management institutes - had absolutely no clue about my reservation, even though I had a print out of the reservation confirmation with me - took them about 15 minutes to sort that out. I was then led to my room on the 4th floor, via a very slow and temperamental elevator that stopped on every floor on the way for no apparent reason - as no one got in or got off - a pattern that was repeated for the two days that I was there.The room was spacious, and relatively clean. The TV was an old piece of junk that made strange crackling and hissing noises. The bathroom looked as if it had not been cleaned since 1982, with grime in the tiling and a couple if missing tiles.Luckily, I had no opportunity to sample the food, except for breakfast on the first morning. Going by the cold, congealed quality on offer, I'm fairly sure that the rest of the meals would have left a lot to be desired.The straw that broke the camel's back was the incident of the malfunctioning key-card. I got back fairly late from dinner on the second night, and my key-car would not work. I went down to the reception to get that fixed, and it took them - get this - about 45 minutes to get one that worked!An over-priced, worthless two night stay.	
Apr 26 2009 	Great Value Great Hotel	So clean a hotel. Unbelievable breakfast buffet bar. Loved the omlet stations. Clean rooms. On a less crowded road. Entry &amp; Exit very good. Parking OK. But the staff stood me out while they went to the room and checked the minibar status how much to charge me while I was in a hurry to get to the airport	
Dec 1 2008 	not recommended	i stayed in qutab hotel in march for a day.its purely not a business class hotel.building is old and very average in terms of rooms and services.cleanlyness is ok but not very good.moreover the surroundings makes it worse.there is a garbage dump near by.no gud market near by.bad locality.i would purely not recommend it.	
Nov 5 2008 	A very good 3-star hotel. That's right... 3 stars.	This is not a 5 star hotel by any standard. There are true luxury hotels in Delhi and this is definitely not one of them. I would actually say that this is a good 3-star hotel - I think it's the best way to describe it.The place is in the middle of nowhere surrounded by nothing. The building is old and tired, and so are the rooms. It looked like a weird block of flats that at some stage was converted into a hotel. The staff is friendly and professional, but sometimes a bit clumsy.The most annoying thing for me was the unreliable internet access. It kept dropping out and was terribly slow. It's terrible if you plan to do some work here... During meetings and presentations there were also repeated power outages, which was annoying as it kept cutting out power to the projector, which needed time to be reset.The breakfast was among the worst breakfasts I have had in a long time. The pastry looked, felt and tasted like it had been sitting there for a week. The choice of food was very limited too.The restaurant food (lunch and dinner) was otherwise ok. I had some food there, and also some room service, and it was fine. No complaints. I think the problem is just the breakfast.Would definitely not return here and wouldn't recommend it.	
Mar 1 2008 	A shambles of a 5 star that provided doss house quality of life	This hotel claims to provide a 5 star service and facilities but falls very very far short in terms of delivery. Having stayed here for 6 nights there are clearly systematic problems in terms of management and infrastructure. a) plumbing/water. For one night we were without running water (or in lavatory), and often the water ran brown. The gurgling of the plumbing kept me awake long enough to have knock on effects for my meetings the following day. b) noise - a colleague of mine suffered from intermittent but persistent electric motor noises in some service shaft near his room. When eventually moved a day or so later, was moved to exact same position on another floor, with same environmental noise pollution.c) food - the quality and upkeep of the food is questionable. At breakfast the sliced tomato/cucumber was dried up and almost curling. The cheese board also in a poor state. poor range of food available for breakfast. In general, bizarre discrepancies between room srevice and restaurant menu - such that when asked for a light meal of mushroom soup followed by cheese selection in restaurant was told 'mushroom soup only available via room service'. So, had to go to room, order soup, wait 20 minutes, eat that, then descend to restaurant for cheese course. d) key system - on at least 5 occasions during stay the swipe card key to room became inactive, and so had to make long trip via slow lift service back to reception to get reactivated - I should put in expense claim for the time and travel involved !e) overall staffing attitude - the patina of obsequiousness displayed by the staff was not matched by the concept of service provision to the customer - obstructive and just plain unintelligent.The range of areas in which this hotel falls short amazes me - strongly recommend not to use this.	
Dec 22 2007 	Would not be sad if I had to return	The Qutab is a nice modern 7 storey building. Nice marble entrance, helpful and very friendly staff (bell captain, porters), okay reception staff and a nosy hotel manager (who once happened to come into our room without knocking and then only could stumble &quot;oh, sorry, do you wish something from the room service?&quot;. Still no clue what he really wanted. Rooms are spacious, some of them with great flatscreen tv, others with standard equipment. Good beds, minibar, in room safe, okay bathroom (not much water pressure in shower). Cosy bar/breakfast restaurant. Just around the corner, same complex, a very good Indian restaurant (expensive though, we paid 160 euro for two bottles of wine). Swimming pool looked good (but too cold to try, outdoor). Room airco should have heated room up (it was only 4 degrees outside) but did not. Everywhere in the hotel it was freezing cold. Internet access excellent (WiFi). They also have sauna/hamman/massage, did not try it out. Location: a bit out of where interesting things are happening, but for business meeting fine. All in all, was good, although a bit overrated perhaps. I would a next time still look for another option, but if I would not be able to find a better one (in terms of location) then I would not be sad having to go back.	
Aug 6 2007 	Had a great time	We stayed here last October. It was my first visit to India &amp; I was worried about what the hotels would be like. We stayed here for one night at the start of our tour &amp; for 2 nights at the end. We loved it. The rooms were very clean, modern, quiet &amp; comfortable.The pool area is very nice &amp; there are two restaurants on site. The buffet breakfast was excellent &amp; the staff would cook Euoropean breakfasts , if you asked. We found the coffee shop staff to be really helpful. They suggested where we could eat in Delhi &amp;, as we both love Indian food, they made us dishes which were not on the menu. The other restaurant was a bit smarter, but was also very good. We booked thsi as part of a package, so I don't know what the rate was. Woul agree with other reviewers about the attitude of the desk staff. Would stay here again &amp; would recommend.	
Jun 30 2007 	Nice experience	I stayed at the Qutab twice for a total of six nights in June 2007. I was nicely surprised by the stylish overall appearance, including the design and spaciousness of the room. Internet worked fine, and 2.5 Euros per hour is not an unusual charge. Food is not bad, and there is an additional, very stylish Indian restaurant in the compound that is quite good. You don't want to walk around in the neighborhood, except maybe into the park just next to the hotel. It takes 10 min by taxi to get into a lively part of town. I was booked into the hotel by my customer who gets a discounted rate that comes out at about 120 Euros / night. By Delhi standards, this is good value for money. If you have to pay the rack rate, things are obviously different. What I didn't like was the fact that I had to pay fully for the night of arrival (where I got into the hotel at 4 am) and the night of departure (leaving the hotel at 1 am).	
Jan 25 2007	Not Recommended	Rated and regarded as one of Delhi's Delux hotels the Hotel Qutab was a severe disappointment, being nothing better than a standard Holiday inn but at exhorbitant prices. I stayed in the hotel when I arrived and then upon my return from a Golden triangle Tour booked through Diplomatic Holiday in Delhi (which I would never do business with ever again). The first room was part of the tour with an enormous plasma television screen on the wall and nice toiletries including a silk bathrobe. I paid for the last wo nights as they were not part of the package and was vastly over-charged $200. U.S. for a much smaller room with a standard television. The food was generally good (but overpriced) and the service excellent. The drawback to this property is that it is not located in the downtown core of Delhi, if one can even identify a downtown core, but set admist absolute squalor. I felt as if I were a captive in the hotel. One short walk outside of the compound for some fresh air was enough for me. This property caters to mostly Indian business people and is definately not for a tourist visiting Delhi. Not recommended.	
Nov 29 2005	Hotel Qutab: Not the best value for your money	Hi,I am an Indian national who stayed at Hotel Qutab along with my wife who is a US citizen. I stayed there for just 1 day during a 12 hour stopover before boarding an international flight back to the US from Delhi in November 2005.Firstly, if you call them and ask, they will tell you they are a 4-star or 5-star hotel. Hotel ratings are too inconsistent in Delhi, and most likely hotel staff in Delhi will tell you what you want to hear about their star rating. I would not give Hotel Qutab more than a 3-star rating for class/amenities and a 4-star rating for service. I paid $140 per night for my stay. But of course, in Delhi, demand is greater than supply for hotels, so they charge you whatever they can think of. I requested early check-in a week ago and it was promised when I paid for it a week earlier. Even if I wanted to check-in at 10:30 a.m. as opposed to the 12:00 p.m. check-in time, if there are no rooms available, they are not going to bother to let you know in advance. So I had to wait for an hour in the lobby while they waited on someone else to check out and get my room made. It was however nice of them to offer me some free tea :-) for making me wait, though it did not make a difference to me.Their air-conditioning unit seemed like it was started just before we walked into the room and did not work right for the few hours we stayed there. Their room service was good, the hot water worked great and the bed was comfortable. Their internet connection was down because their server was down, I'd think they'd be better equipped with all the money being charged for the room rates. I had wanted to check my flight schedules and they did not have a phone book with them to get hold of phone numbers. They did however connect me to the Yellow Pages hotline free of charge and I was able to obtain the required phone numbers.Upon check-in, I had confirmed that the payment was already made for the room. However, upon check-out, thanks to a lack of communication with the staff working in the evening, they had to make a bunch of calls again to make sure the payment was already made and made me wait a good 15 min. during check-out before confirming something they should have known.Sriram	
Sep 7 2005	GreatGreat.Great	We stayed at the Quatab for 14 days last year and the service especially from the restaurant staff was exeptional. We are trying to book again for 2006. Excellant	
May 1 2005	I suspect that reception staff did not post our postcards	My family and I stayed at the Qutab on 2 separate occasions in january 2005.On leaving we did not have time to go to the post office and post our holiday postcards - about 20 of them. So we left the money for postage with staff in the reception and someone promised to post the cards.Now, 3 months later, nobody has received a postcard. Not one single postcard arrived.What should I think ?	
May 15 2009 	Good Location	Conclave Comfort is one of the 3 hotels by the same group in the surrounding locality. Ideally situated specially for people travelling towards Okhala.1) Comfortable stay2)Decent Food3) Good Service4) Decently Priced	
Dec 29 2008 	Nightmare	It is totaly overpriced and pure nightmare. Staff sleeping on the floor and cleaning means spraying insecticides.The phone on the floor rings very loudly every time the hotel gets a call - annoying, it's impossible to sleep. The room is smelly, warm water tap doesn't work. Lot of parts have never been cleaned, fridge doesn't work and is very dirty. Breakfast room is ridiculous, dishes not clean. And so on! The hotel is just disgusting!Pay attention, there are 2 hotels in Delhi named &quot;Conclave&quot;. The other one is ok as far as I know.	
Oct 28 2008 	Will Not Be Staying Here Any Time Soon Again!!!	I am still trying to figure out how this place considers itself a step above others!!! We were booked to stay a couple of nights and we only stayed one. It was our last day in Delhi together and we wanted to get an early start to enjoy the entire day. Well, that was quickly thwarted when for some unknown reason, we could not get any hot water. The heater was on but it got lost in translation along the way from heater to shower head!!! But, let me back up a bit.Our first problem was with the A/C. At this property, there are wall unit air conditioners. I don't know how the other units look, but ours had a lovely brownish-yellow water stain framing it. Truly unsightly!! How difficult and how long would it take to just prime and paint that??? The A/C definitely had a mind of its own turning on, turning off, turning on, turning off! And every time someone came up to fix it, they set it to an arctic 19C degrees!!!So, let's go back to the hot water issue. After calling the front desk to report no hot water, a young man was sent up to investigate. I think he turned a few knobs, clicked the heater on and off and when I asked if it was ok, a gutteral grunt was the response. I wondered if that was yes or no. I am thinking now it was a no because after about a 10 minute wait, I checked again and still no hot water. Another call to the front desk. Now, the front desk person along with gutteral grunter show up. They tinker around a bit and tell us to wait 5 minutes and the hot water will come. It didn't. Call again. This time a barrage of people show up at the door and all file into our cramped room to further investigate the situation. Again, a suggestion to wait 5 minutes and they all shuffle out.Still no hot water. Call again. At this point, I am on the internet (which, by the way was great and perhaps the ONLY bright spot about this place) trying to find us another place to stay! We are told an engineer is on his way up. In the meantime, they send up gutteral grunter with a bucket of hot water to accommodate a shower for two people. Are they kidding? No thanks.The engineer shows up and assures us there will be hot water. At this point we have now lost about 2 hours or more from our day. Well, the hot water finally did arrive...we showered and promptly checked out, much to their amazement!!! How could they have been shocked over our departure??? The room was rather cramped, pretty dark and the mattress felt like it must have seen one too many guests - definitely in need of replacement. Again, the only bright spot was the internet connection which I will say was very good and although the room service was quite quick and the food reasonably tasty, it was without a doubt way over-priced!!We ended up in a 5 -star hotel after leaving this place paying a mere $81 more for the night than we paid for our one night at Hotel Conclave Comfort, but it was well worth it because our last night was spent in HEAVEN in comparison!!This place is WAY over-priced for the quality of room and service and I do not recommend it, not even for a one night stay!!!	
Nov 17 2009 	You get what you pay for	Corus is supposed to provide a 3 star experience to a business traveler with limited budget and location (CP) in mind. For the frugal sorts whose budget is below 4K this seems to be the best place available. Though if you increase your budget to 5K there are better places.My experience was average with the following high/low points:The goods:1. Rooms and bathrooms were clean and the AC/TV/Mini Fridge worked well. They were small but as I said if you want to stay in CP for less than 4K your choices are limited.2. Staff is extremely courteous/professional and helpful.3. Cafe coffee day at the entrance and the general location is excellent as far as connectivity is concerned. (Inner circle B blcok)The bads:1. Problems with internet. In 4 days the internet was non functional for nearly half the time. A big nono for a business traveller.2. The buffet breakfast included in the price - is just plain bad. Didn't even bother going to the restaurant after the first morning.	
Jun 19 2009 	Comfortable Stay	I stayed in the hotel for two nights &amp; enjoyed my stay . The hotel is very centrally located .The room had a wonderful view . I could see entire Connaught Place. alongwith the &quot;Central Park&quot;, ( I think that's what they call it ! ). The breakfast was included in the room rate , so we could have it in the room or in the restaurant with no extra charges.  &quot; Bonsai &quot; the Restaurant very well done up , vibrant and fresh look , served excellent food and drinks in style ,( nice bar ! ) , not missing the wonderful outside garden area. Definitely this is the kind of hotels you want to find. I'll be back.	
Mar 27 2009 	Good location ok hotel.. by Delhi standards	Corus was the most expensive hotel we stayed at in India and it certainly was not the best. This is to be expected of hotels in Delhi which are all over priced and not worth the cost.The location was great, right on the center ring of Connaught Place in between Old and New Delhi. The sidewalk and streets in front of the hotel were filthy and filled with people begging for money. But, upon entering the hotel the vibe is much better.. there's a great coffee shop in the front (with REAL coffee, hard to find in India). And the check-in lobby was welcoming. The staff were helpful were quick to respond when we needed something. The rooms overlook a (loud) restaurant/bar but we were never kept up by the noise. The rooms are on the small side but aren't bad. Breakfast.. just stay away from the fly covered fruit on the buffet and order from the menu. The food we got from room service was great!I would recommend this hotel if it's in your price range.	
Feb 3 2009 	Rooms 209-211 ONLY -- all the rest are dungeons	We had three rooms for our group, two of which were dumps. No windows and no life. But one room on the top floor at the front of the building had access to a superb terrace with a gorgeous view of the Connaught Place. Others have complained about all kinds of aspects, and they're true. It's kinda dirty, the breakfast was terrible, and the rooms are horrid without the terrace. But, folks, this is Delhi. It's really hard to find a good place here without paying a fortune. The location of the Corus is superb, and for me that helped to make up for the downsides. I'd probably not go back unless I had rooms 209, 210 or 211 guaranteed.	
Jan 29 2009 	great location - dirty hotel	Stayed with family for three nights at the beginning of a 3 week holiday. Though the location was convenient to every place we intended to visit, this hotel was a depressing first impression of what to expect in India. The tiny rooms could have been cleaner. Dirty, cracked windows gave us our first look outside. Staff was friendly and helpful - a positive! In retrospect, it would have been better to do a little more research prior to just booking with the tour agency (Indian Moments) and selected a different hotel based on the experience of other trip advisor travelers. Fortunately most of the other hotels were of higher quality than the Corus.	
Dec 19 2008	Depressing experience	Barely better than a backpackers hostel, this &quot;hotel&quot; wasone of the worst I have ever stayed in. Very noisy, rooms offexternal corridor backing onto dirty back streets. Very basic amenities,worn sheets, bug-tablets in &quot;bathroom&quot;, no hot water.No lift, had to lug bags upstairs.Breakfast minimal on patio next to streets.Unfortunately next step up was to 4-star hotels, more thandouble price, but we made it and were relieved and thrilled.	
Dec 1 2008 	Worst hotel I've ever stayed it BUT...	Myself and 3 colleagues stayed at the Corus at the end of November for a week. The hotel was booked by our Indian colleagues and after reading the reviews on here I was a little concerned. However, although there were problems the hotel was reasonable - and much better than I had anticipated. The main problems were:- No hot water for showers- My room was the only room with a window- the shower flooded the bathroom when you used it- At night it was very noisy outside and my colleague had a boiler above his room which made noise constantly- The room serivce was terrible - microwaved, luke warm processed food- The beds were too short for a person of average height- The loo roll only had about 4 squares of paper!However, none of the above were massive problems for us. I used earplugs every night, kept asking for loo roll and braved the cold water and it was fine. I havent stayed in other hotels in India so have nothing to compare it to, but it exceeded my expectations - and there were some plus points:- The staff were always helpful and friendly - the manager in particular was lovely - The beds were fairly comfortable (after getting used to them!)- The mini bar was fine for drinks- We were all provided with a large free bottle of mineral water every day- The rooms were clean and I had no problem with bugs etc- We had airport pick up which was fineSo overall this hotel is fine if you are looking for somewhere just as a base, but I know it is fairly expensive and you could probably get something better for your money.	
Nov 30 2008	OK hotel	We stayed here for one night at the beginning of our stay in India. We arrived to our room around 11 pm and requested an 8 am wake-up call. Either they misunderstood us or there 8 am looked like 3 am and guess what we were woken at 3 am. Our room was small with no window so we could only assume it was 8 am. We got dressed and then looked at our watch so we ended up drinking tea in the room until breakfast. Breakfast was outside in a patio area and was done very nice. They didn't put out an abundance of food so the hotel must have not been full but it was tasty. There is no elevator in the hotel. The lobby is up a flight of steps on the 2nd floor so if steps are a problem this would not be a good choice. It appeared to be in a good location of the city but we left early so only walked around the park which was across the street from the hotel. The hotel offers free internet service. This is a no frill hotel but was clean and adequate for one night.	
Oct 7 2008	Mixed experience	Hotel was reasonable, rooms very small but clean, excellent location right on the inner circle of Connaught Place. The first room we were shown had no windows but they then moved us to one at the back with a window off an external corridor. This was much brighter but anyone walking along the corridor could look through the window into our room meaning that we had to keep the curtains closed a lot of the time. There were a lot of bugs that came up through the shower drain, but perhaps this is just a feature of New Delhi.Reception staff seemed either exceptionally helpful or surly, no in between.There’s also a great coffee shop at the front and a nice restaurant/bar on the ground floor.Overall a reasonable hotel for the money, in a great location. Next time though, I might choose to spend a little more and stay elsewhere.	
Sep 2 2008 	Dirty and stained	A friend booked this hotel through a travel agent and when I checked out the hotel on TripAdvisor, the pictures made it look much more promising than it really was. Walking in, I was taken aback by the trash on the stairs. The rooms weren't any better. A green chair had deep undertones of brown because it was so dirty. When I pulled back the blanket, the sheets and pillow cases were stained and was covered with strands of hair. The shower wall was covered with soap scum and grime. The air conditioning was either not in commission or at an uncontrollable full blast. The walls had obviously suffered some water damage and were stained.On the plus side, everyone who worked there went out of their way to try to be helpful.Still, would never stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 30 2008	Cought the door bell man STEALING from my bags	Horrible experience.Picture this. You go out for dinner and forget your camera. Go back to the hotel and, when you open the door to your room: surprise! There is the door bell man INSIDE THE ROOM STEALING FROM THE BAGS! I cought him in the act and I was shocked because he had broken into the room just after I left. The manager from the hotel asked me not to call the police, and try to &quot;digest it&quot;.Do I need to say anything else?	
Jul 5 2008 	One of the best options in New Delhi	I worked in Delhi for a few months and needed a convenient hotel that stayed within my budget. Corus hotel ended up being my favorite option.Delhi is not a place famous for its service or efficiency, so bearing that in mind, Corus hotel was far and away better than its peers.The best part of the hotel is its location - the inner circle of Connaught Pl. You are right in the heart of Delhi and next to the subway/metro which is actually a safe and convenient way to get to some destinations in the city (e.g., Red Fort / Old Delhi).The rooms are small and some bathrooms are better than others, however, the place is quite clean, the beds are more comfortable than most, and typically, you do have hot water. (Please keep in mind that in India absolutely none of these things can be taken for granted.) The rate includes breakfast which is just OK, but better than nothing. There is a fairly good japanese restaurant on the first floor of the hotel, with a garden. The food is pretty good, if a little expensive. Careful though - some nights it turns into a disco, so rooms in the 'back' of the hotel are sometimes subject to loud noise until 11 or 12 in the night. The hotel also has a decent room services and some continental options, as well as traditional Indian. A &quot;Cafe Coffee Day&quot; is connected to the hotel in the front, which is the Indian equivalent of Starbucks, which can be a nice bonus (the brownie sundae is recommended).Good luck! Bring plenty of pepto-bismal and immodium. You will need it -- but it will be worth it.	
Apr 8 2008 	not great but given location and cost probably a good option	This hotel has a great location on connaught circle and the funky asian fusion restaurant with nice garden downstairs is also really good (had been craving california rolls so was happy to see the restaurant when we turned up!) The rooms however are not great. First time we stayed we had a standard room, which could also be called world's smallest room, and the bathroom, barely room to turn around. Still it was fairly clean but we didn't sleep well at all as we were right by the stairs so it was really noisy. Second time we stayed in the next grade of room up which was a much better size but had no window and had a funny mothball smell. They have little white balls in the sink (according to my husband you get these in urinals) and i found the smell really overpowering. Still from all my searching online for hotels in delhi it seems you either pay extortionate amounts for a luxury hotel and then peanuts for some really basic rooms so would say this is probably a good mid-range option.	
Feb 29 2008 	Best value in New Delhi	Hotels in New Delhi are notoriously overpriced, and after four nights in subpar but highpriced hotels we stumbled across the Corus Hotel in Connaught Place. We liked what we saw and immediately booked a room for our return five weeks later. What a joyfull experience when we returned! Friendly, uniformed staff with excellent English skills and eager to help in every way; small, but spotless and beautifully furnished room with an excellent bathroom; serene isolation from the chaos of the city; interior garden restaurant. All the trimmings of a well-managed hotel. Price was Rs 5000...about US$135. The final graceful touch was after allowing a late checkout, they offered us the free use of an available room in which to rest before our late night departure to the airport.	
Jan 27 2008	Make Sure You Don't Pay Much	The Corus Hotel's location is very good - right in Connaught Place. The hotel itself is mediocre. Our room was small with a lot of ambient noise. The staff was friendly though the front desk was understaffed. As others have commented, there's no real lobby to the hotel - instead you walk through a cafe up some stairs to get to a tiny lobby. The breakfast however was very good.	
Dec 13 2007 	Avoid At All Costs!	The first problem we encountered was finding this place as it has no frontage like most hotels, it is basically located upstairs inside the Bonsai restaurant. The reception area is small like a corridor, but adequate, nothing grand. We stayed at the hotel on two occasions over three weeks as the hotel was booked by the tour guide. On our first stay for 3 days the room was fine, nothing luxury about it just a basic room with a good view of Connaught Place central park. The next morning we discovered no hot running water, and had to call for assistance, the hotel staff made up a number of excuses regarding the boiler being broke, this is already on some of the reviews for this hotel left by others, so i was pre-warned! The third day the toilet stopped flushing so we had to call an engineer again, later the cold running water ceased to work from the bathroom washbasin. In the end they brought us a bucket of hot water with a jug to wash in, not very practical or hygenic but it was better than not batheing at all. The breakfast was absolutely rubbish, a mish mash of foods not edible together. The juices were very warm and not drinkable, the butter so hard you couldnt spread it on the toast. The restaurant itself was very basic, not the cleaniest place we've eaten at. On our second stay things got worse, we were given a room with no window, and again it had only luke warm water to bathe in...and no bath tub only stand in shower. Apparently out of 65 rooms only 6 have windows, so be warned, we had the premium room with a window!! The air con was extremely noisy so we switched it off, but the humidity in the room was awful as there was no air or natural light. Summing up this hotel, i would recommend you pay extra and try somewhere like connaught hotel. We stayed at 6 hotels during our stay in India and all the rest were good to pure luxury, this hotel is really a 1.5*, i couldtn give it even 2 stars as i dont think it is worthy of it.	
Nov 12 2007 	Not bad...	I stayed in this hotel on October 2007 for 4 nights. Everything depends on what you expect from an hotel especailly if you are going to stay in Delhi... If you spend most of your time in the hotel to meet some friends or colleagues, I don't recommend it.. But if you are gonna be out of the hotel during the entire day and go to the hotel only to sleep, then there is no point to spend a lot of money to the other 5 star hotels which you need to pay between 300-500 USD per night... First of all this hotel's location is perfect... It's at the Inner Circle of Connaught Place [--] where you can find many international fast food restaurants, shopping places, post office, etc.. and close to the all local bazaars. The hotel is clean and modernly decorated. There is hot water but you need to wait for few minutes to get it as they most probably use solar panels during the day and central heating system at nights... If you order the cheapest room from their website, you'll stay in a room without a window.. Actually this is not a problem for me as I never stay in my room during the day. There was no big bath towel in the room but when you ask for it, they bring more than you ask. There is no hair dryers in the rooms either. You can ask for it too (if it's available) but it's not powerful. There is air condition, mini bar (without much options) and TV (showing mainly local channels) in the room. They have free wireless internet and I didn't face a connection problem. There is no lobby where you can sit and wait for someone but there is a modern-nice and popular coffee at the entrance of the hotel.. There is also a nice open air restaurant (Bonsai) in the hotel. I don't recommend to order a pick up service from the airport especially if you arrive to Delhi late at night. I have ordered one but there was no one waiting for me (Later, they apologized for the mistake and provided me a car for my departure). It's better to take a &quot;pre-paid taxi&quot; from the airport and go to the hotel by your self (I paid 350 rupees). The taxi drivers may not know the name of the hotel but if you tell the driver to take you to the Connaught Place Inner Circle, you will easily find the hotel. As a result, this is not the best hotel that I stayed so far but if you won't feel uncomfortable with some small problems, I can recommend it..	
Nov 8 2007	Worst Value Hotel in Four Month Trip	I picked the Corus after reading the latest review in Lonely Planet. Don't make the same mistake. This hotel was totally over-priced for the quality of the experience. It cost 5000 rps, plus tax, for a double room. For that we got:- One hot shower in four days;- The shower cubicle filled with water after 2 minutes and completely flooded our bathroom.- The only way the staff could get the hot water to work was by turning on the hot water tap in the sink, and then letting the shower run for 10 minutes. But of course, that totally flooded the bathroom. - No window.- Only intermittent television and Internet reception.- The air conditioning system was so loud it kept us awake at night.- The staff were friendly, but unhelpful. When we had problems they couldn't fix them, and if they made any attempt they expected a tip. We needed an extra bed for one night, and it took us five calls to reception (over 8 hours) to get it. We only got it because we were going to bed and refused to leave the reception room until it was done.I was also annoyed at the price. When I rang the hotel to make the booking I was told it was 5000 rupees, tax included. When I came to pay I was told that tax was not included. I paid, but said I was annoyed at being misled on the phone. The hotel then lied and claimed that I had booked through a travel agent!Whatever you do, don't stay at this hotel!!! For this price you can find a much better place in Delhi.	
Sep 30 2007 	Nice little place in the centre of town	After looking on here for reviews, my colleague &amp; I said it looked a safe bet. The hotel has a very good location. The reception area is nice &amp; was being refurbished when we arrived. My room was in the main block &amp; had no windows. It was very quiet. Air con &amp; fan worked really well. The only problem was getting hot water. There was never any. I didn't mind too much as it was extremely hot and humid so a cold shower suited me fine. The free internet was a bonus too. I would recommend this hotel to others. The price was good. A nice restuarant is included inside the hotel too.	
Aug 27 2007 	Many probelms with the Corus!	We booked this hotel because a collegue from work recomended this place and because Hotels in Delhi are overcharged and we didn't wanted to spend so much. We booked directly with their webpage and also payed for the airport pick up, since we arrived late at night. When we arrived to the airport, no one was there to pick us up. We had to pay a pre-paid taxi from the airpot who brought us to Connaught place, but once we were there he told us he didn't know this hotel. The streets were deserted so he entered another hotel to ask for directions at 1am in the morning! No one knew how to get to the Corus. After half an hour of asking and being lost we finally arrived. We were furious to know why they didn't picked us up at the airport, but to our surprise they didn't even had our reservation since their webpage took one day to process the information (but didn't say so in the web page!!!) The hotel is ok, the bed is clean but the bathroom is awful! no hot water! no comfort at all and found many big insects at the shower. The breakfast buffet is good, and the restaurant staff very kind. However the front desk staff was almost rude and unprofessional. After this experience we suggest to pay a little bit more to be in a nicer hotel but be more confortable in Delhi and enjoy more the city.	
Jul 16 2007	great Hotel !!	great place, good service, excellent oriental cusine at the restaurant called Bonsai ! overall a very comfortable stay. keep it up !	
Mar 28 2006	Great Location Great Service	Price: Excellent $90Location: Excellent - CentralService: Hospitality Redefined - Pleasantly Surprised - New Hotel, Great ServiceRooms: Small - But Reasonable - Neat, Clean and comfortable.They should show more of their room pics than passage photos on their website.	
Mar 17 2006	Only the location saves it!	We stayed here for 3 nights after arriving in India for a 3 week tour.The room was large but with grubby sheets,tepid water and the special bonus of blood stained towels!The breakfast which comes to the room is only white sliced toast although we noticed Indian guests having cooked food in the corridor as there is no dining room.Mysteriously we got a letter from the Manager telling us chicken was off the menu due to bird flu!The one saving grace is the location at the heart of Connaught Place with a new Metro station outside and you can walk in the evening to a number of good quality restaurants very close by.	
Nov 21 2005	False Impressions	Their motto is &quot;Hospitality Redefined&quot; which, after reading this personal account, is quite apt but for all the wrong reasons.Dirty, old sheets (one covered in blood, which was not removed after 3 requests), cold showers (was told to run the water for upwards of 5 mins - but even longer running time led to no more than strictly lukewarm), no restaurant / eating room (breakfasts in your own bedroom (no table, only 1 chair - none of which is conducive to business travel), generator blasting away just outside our rooms (accessed via a balcony-style corridor, overlooking a shambles outside), phone bills charged to your room, no toilet paper, only Pepsi in the room bar, no offstreet parking, no formal hotel entrance, but instead a flight of steps up from street level, a street covered in dust &amp; traders.All this for the exhorbitant fee of U$155 nightly, plus 12½% Delhi hotel tax fee. Owner would not budge when asked for a refund, based on the above issues. It just so happened that Delhi was more or less fully booked for a Trade Convention, so no chance of relocating, otherwise I would have done so.Definitely not 3-star material, don't be fooled by the name, their motto or the web pictures.In short, avoid like the plague.	
Aug 18 2007 	Hotel MINABLE		
Nov 25 2009 	Cashing in on their success	As we are right now staying at Cottage Yes Please, a word of warning to anyone who might get too excited from the good reviews on this site.They have started charging on the Wi-Fi use, 100 rupees per day. Double room price at 900, and although the rooms are reasonably clean and quite nice, most are nothing like the photos on their web site.A big minus is that they seem to be happily giving a cold shoulder to people with confirmed bookings. They did it to us and to another couple this week, just because we arrived late in the evening (which we had told them before and they had replied it was ok). We had arranged the booking by e-mail and the other couple even face to face at the hotel - no help, they just told us they were full and told to go to their sister hotel, Cottage Crown Plaza nearby. The guy at the Yes Please desk was rude and aggressive and said that he did not care if we had a booking or not, if we didn't want the sister hotel, we should go on the street and look for other places. We were tired, so just haggled about the price and went to Crown Plaza, which was decent but no Wi-Fi.As we really needed a place with Wi-Fi, we returned to Yes Please for this stay. OK value, but not good service.The Fiesta cafe just opposite this place has good breakfasts and coffee, and free Wi-Fi if you give them your ID.	
Nov 14 2009 	The best in Phar ganj Area	You may find dirt cheap hotels in the pahar ganj area but it's really worth to pay a little bit more more a bit more calm and peace of mind and wi-fi. They have an elevator, free luggage storage, they offer airport pick up and drop off for a minimal fee. They also offer city tour by a private taxi. So you wont have to ask for more.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great place!	We just stayed at Cottage Yes Please and found it very nice, clean, a good value for Delhi. Our room was large (3 beds, one off in a little alcove), the AC and fan worked great, TV was great, and bathroom was clean. The only suggestion I would make is for the management to put a hook up so that the hand-held shower thing can be used as a regular shower. They have no restaurant, but the South Indian Veggie place across the street (Malhotra's Dosa Please) is so amazingly good and open all day (they even boxed up our order to go and we ate it on the airplane home!). We had stayed in another hotel on Main Bazaar (Vivek) and found it so much worse for the same money. Cottage Yes Please has friendly and helpful staff and a nice guy that says &quot;Namaste&quot; to you when you come and go out the front door. The only downside is that they no longer have free wifi -- it costs 100 rupees per day now.	
Feb 23 2009 	What a welcome !!!	After having checked many hotels in Paharganj;I chose this one because I needed a WiFi connection. When you arrive at the reception, heavily loaded and tired, you are requested to show your passport as they cannot wiat 15 minutes for you to get in the room, unload and refresh. Then, they demand you pay in advance - even if you are out of local currency and you have stacks of dollars to show them. So I would say that please, give m one hour to rest and I'll pay when I have recovered from my journey.Hot water is more like medium hot. Windows are tapped with an outside wall.	
Feb 14 2009 	OK Hotel	Stayed here for 3 nights+ OK staff+ Good location for travelers+ Room service+ Good rooms- no hot water in the room- driver we organized to the airport through them kept falling asleep at the wheel (not technically their fault)3/5	
Dec 9 2008	Good value free WiFi close to New Delhi railway station	I've stayed here twice, and would stay again. I'm sure this is the cheapest price you'll find for a WiFi-enabled hotel in Delhi, especially of this caliber. (If you don't need WiFi you can find some cheaper digs, but maybe not the same standard of quality and cleanliness.)Staff was fine, the rooms were clean, and I had no problems.The hotel is one street over from the Main Bazaar road in an area called Pahar Ganj. On the plus side, the Bazaar is teeming with activity and there are endless shops where you can get any kind of inexpensive handicrafts, clothes, colorful tapestries, henna body painting, etc. Another plus is that the New Delhi Railway station is at the end of the Bazaar Road. It's maybe a 10-15 minute walk from the hotel, and of course there are also bicycle rickshaws. The downside of the area is that it's rather grimy and crowded. The hotel is kind of funny there, like a diamond in a pile of mud.The hotel has no restaurant but there are two directly across the street. You can order room service and the food will come from there. The restaurants are inexpensive. If I remember right most entrees were around 50 rupees (US $1).While I was there I needed to buy a laptop and the gentleman at the travel desk recommended I go to Nehru Place, which was spot on, that's definitely the place to buy computer goods. I tried to offer him a Rp100 tip to thank him for his help, but he actually refused -- a rarity in Delhi where everyone seems to be after your money.One of the staffers speaks Japanese and their website is in English and Japanese, so a fair number of guests are Japanese. The website annoyingly does not list their rates, but the lowest level is around Rp900/night.	
Oct 4 2008 	Clean comfortable bargain	We chose Cottage Yes Please after reading a number of positive reviews, and we were not disappointed. For 800 rupees a night -- about $17 US -- we got a clean and comfortable place to stay with free wi-fi. We stayed five nights overall.The hotel is on a side street off the main Pahar Ganj bazaar. It's the filthiest neighborhood I've ever stayed in, with mud and livestock in the streets. There must be a hundred or so hotels and guesthouses in the area. We saw prices of 4 dollars a night, but I was not tempted.The hotel is quite a contrast with the neighborhood. There's a lot of marble at Cottage Yes Please -- floors, stairs, the lower third of walls -- and that contributes to both a cool feeling and easy cleaning. I think there are four floors. I didn't count the rooms, but it's big enough to have two lifts.Our only complaint was that the &quot;hot&quot; water in the shower was only lukewarm.The hotel owns two pretty good restaurants across the street -- Malhotra and Dosa Please. We ate breakfasts at Malhotra, which includes continental and Chinese food on its menu.	
Apr 20 2008 	Totally OK - with wifi!	Good hotel considering the price and location. Reasonably clean, though there seemed to be a small colony of cockroaches residing under the fridge...Fully functional and reasonably priced wifi.Location is good: it's in dingy Pahar Ganj/Main bazaar, but really close to the metro station so you don' t really have to walk through Pahar Ganj if you don't want to. Nice staff.The room service was so-so though: the restaurant that delivers the food got the orders wrong and the food was not great.But for the price (950 for a single with AC) I was pleased and will return.	
Sep 14 2007 	not bad considering delhi standards...	It was our first night in Delhi and we decided to stay in Pahar Ganj area. We arrived late in the evening and we booked the pick-up from the Airport. We found a guy waiting for us with a big board and we arrived at the hotel around midnight. The a/c room (was a triple) was ok and clean but very hot before the noisy a/c refreshed it. The view from the balcony was a high wall around it but this area doesn't offer good point of view.. It was clean and the staff friendly. The price (1500 rs) was high for the standard but sleeping in Delhi is very expensive.In front of the hotel there is a sort of restaurant for breakfast or diner.Compared to other guesthouses seen on internet it was a good choice.	
Aug 22 2007 	Be careful...	The hotel itself was reasonable and clean, especially in comparison to the majority of places in new delhi. However, the AC did not work for half of the time, and there was hot water for about 5 minutes in total. The worst suprise came at check out time. We were billed for 3 nights, when we had only spent two nights at the hotel, on the spurious grounds that we had arrived before 12 noon on the first day of our stay. After losing our tempers the &quot;manager&quot; reduced the fee to half a day, but in any case our last day in India was dampened by this example of dishonesty.	
Jun 28 2007	compare to Delhi clean hotel	I reccomend the room 406, it has three beds and quite big room. It locates at Phar Ganj, very convinience to go to Agra. The hotel is very clean, staffs are so nice. All kinds of facilities are available, ex, train booking, taxi, internet, money change. I hope that now the restaurant on roof top is started, when I was there, it was under construction.	
Dec 29 2006 	Average Hotel	This place looked more promising then most in the Paharganj area in Delhi, the entrance and the building look new. The rooms are ok, a reasonable size with some natural light, and ours had a fridge and tv. I don't think it is being maintained too much though, there were stains down the walls which I'm sure could have been removed with a good clean. We had an a/c double room which was IR850 which was ok for what we got, relatively. Room service is supplied by the restaurant across the road and was reasonable. Be careful of onlookers through your window though as the buildings are very close!	
Nov 23 2009 	Buen hotel situado fuera del bullicio		
Sep 5 2009 	Tan malo		
Aug 25 2009 	Dans la moyenne		
Aug 15 2009 	???????????????		
Mar 28 2009 	Bon choix à Delhi		
Feb 14 2009 	???????????		
Jan 17 2009 	Très bon choix pour Delhi		
Dec 10 2008 	hôtel moyen		
Jan 1 2008 	hotel sympa pratique et sans prétention		
Nov 12 2009 	Horrible	Just stayed for one night. Looks very run down from the outside...a lot different from the online photos.The greeting room/ entrance is fairly nice. Dont be lulled into a false sense of security though. The rooms are dirty and beds uncomfortable. Bathrooms old and dirty with no hot water (even when asked specifically if we wanted hot water we did not get any).Staff unhelful and annoyingly pestering for tips despite not even helping.Didnt eat breakfast there...didnt dare.	
Sep 22 2009 	Choose rm# 409 or 410 Karol Bagh...	This is a good hotel for a max. 3 nite stay, anything more and you don't want to be located in Karol Bagh. Rooms #409 &amp; #410 are the only renovated rooms in this hotel. Located on the same floor as the restaurant. Nice breakfast but horrible dinners. I wouldn't suggest ordering anything, walk around the corner and get a veggie burger at McDonalds. Karol Bagh is really busy - I suggest not staying in this area if at all possible. The only food options are McDonalds and the Indian sweet shop - Bikanervala. Book on makemytrip.com for best pricing.	
Jun 12 2009 	Warning about Crest Inn's Bus Tour to Agra/Taj Mahal	I just wanted to let people know that you need to be very careful about bus tours to Agra. I took the bus tour that departs from the Crest Inn. I thought it would be a safe bet because the Crest Inn website has a page devoted to the bus tour so it seemed relatively professional and structured for tourists. Not so. It was the off season so I was the only non-Indian, english-speaker on the bus. The driver was curt and didn't understand my questions and attempted to leave without me after breakfast. He was only stopped from doing so because they got a flat tire just a couple hundred feet down the road. I'd like to think this wasn't intentional, but I feel it's pretty tough not to notice that the one white person is not onboard. Then, when we came to the first stop in agra (the Red Fort), I split off from the group because they aggressively encouraged me to take a different guide that speaks all English, promising me that we'd all meet at the bus out front. But when we had finished our tour, my bus was nowhere to be found. Luckily there are infinite transportation-for-hire options in India so I was able to make it to the Taj Mahal and home again using alternate transportation. But the trip is a long, hot, stressful one as it is so I'd advise anyone considering a bus tour to consider alternate options or else make very good friends with the driver.	
Mar 20 2009 	Everything is New	The Crest Inn hotel is not located in the best part of Delhi, but to their credit, once you are inside everything is brand spanking new. Our hotel room even still had its furniture in a semi-wrapped state! This is one of the cleanest places you will find in Delhi, it was the only place where the bedsheets and towels did not need to be changed out the minute we entered the room. We also loved the way the room was set-up, especially the presence of a large double bed. Two downsides remain with this inn--the shower area in the bathroom is not segregated so be prepared to have a very wet bathroom floor after you've taken a shower! Secondly, the hotel restaurant is not much for food, so be prepared to head out for all your meals.	
Mar 30 2008 	Terrible rooms	I recently stayed at this hotel with my family. The hotel is very old. Even though the rooms have had a recent make-over, i would advise you to stay away from this place. The bathrooms have bath tubs which leak and the toilets do not flush properly. Breakfast is served in an untidy small room and is often not prepared preoperly. The staff were very pleasant however and tried to make our stay comfortable. Please avoid this hotel	
Feb 5 2008 	trashy hotel	Bad-tempered and dishonest people We booked the hotel through a travel agent but when we came (1AM) they told us that they hadn't any booking ; we were forced to look for an other hotel (first night in India...) in the late night... we found it thanks to the taxi driver.The last day we came to settle the problem but they just told us that it was a mistake &amp; didn't want to pay us back ...	
Jul 17 2007 	Good value for the price	We were staying in New Delhi for 3 weeks and wanted to minimize our expenses, especially since we believed that we would also be using room service alot. The hotel was booked by a travel agent and the 2 star rating was lower than we had talked about. The room we had, had not been remodeled yet, however, I thought that with a few repairs and detailing the room would justify a higher rating. We felt that the room was cleaner than we expected. We didn't see any bugs or big problems. During the day we could here alot of remodeling going on in other rooms in the hotel. The hum of the air conditioner pretty much drown out the road noise, it kept the room plenty cool. Room service was good. The menu was pretty good and the food reasonable priced for room service. Chowmein and a order of spring rolls was less than $5 US and seemed to be plenty to eat for the 2 of us. The staff seemed friendly and helpful. We usually tipped 10 %, but some of the staffed seem surprized. The area looked scarey, but we never felt in danger wandering down the streets. I would recommend this hotel for a budget traveler.	
Apr 9 2007 	What a dump	Stayed at this Hotel !! on the 31 March, for one night, because my agent E- Holidays couldn't get me into the Broadway, (which is a great little Hotel). It's web site makes it sound like the Ritz! What a shock when I arrived. Reception staff not very friendly, workmen on the stairs painting and repairing the lift. The room was dirty ,the bathroom was falling apart, (and this was in one of the suites !!) The dining room was just as bad. Don't go near the place!.  Pete Thompson  Melton Mowbray, England	
Jan 10 2007	Avoid unless you want a sleepness night!	Travel agent said was one of the 'better' hotels in Karol Bagh! I would avoid and go to the Hotel Swati down the road!Room: Very noisy from street noise, plumbing etcShower: Poorly maintainedService: OKRestuarant: Dull, dimly light, ok food/menuBreakfast: Standard fayre	
Nov 22 2009 	We Enjoyed the trip	It was an excelent hotel and the food was also good. There were Swiming pool and spa facility were excelent. It was well maintained. We got hair hair cut from Silvi. The room was awesome. It was in a posh area. Lobby is very good. Garden were very well maintained.	
Nov 21 2009 	Delhi belly	Good service, nice and clean.&quot;Too much&quot; attention sometimes from service staff.Nice with gym inside the hotel.	
Nov 20 2009 	Not what I expected	The room service staff are friendly and eager to please but if you don't keep the privacy button on they knock in the hope of tips! The reception staff were rude and unhelpful on every occasion Buffet restaurant is just indian food and no variety.surrounding area verry dirty	
Nov 15 2009 	The Crowne Plaza Delhi is 5 Star Deluxe Hotel located in the heart of New Delhi	The Crowne Plaza Delhi is 5 Star Deluxe Hotel located in the heart of New Delhivery very good arragment ....	
Oct 17 2009 	capital stay	cozy interiors make you comfortable in the rooms. all the necessary amenities are at available, great reastaurant and nice food makes everyone happy. Convenient drop at the airport with a smiling face.	
Oct 7 2009 	Appalling Food	I lived n Delhi or a year and have to return once a month flying in from Mumbai. I have tried several hotels and this is without doubt the worst food I have eaten in any hotel in any capital, the breakfast was so bad it defies description vegetarian omellete with bacon in it, uncooked eggs served as an omellette, hairs on the food, so bad we left without eating. Room service, we ordedred a salad wth bread ad they were 3 potato crisps, inedible! Therooms were ok but small. Stay if you are desperate foor a room, otherwise avoid at all costs	
Oct 5 2009 	Don't eat here!	Overall the hotel is nice, the room is comforable and clean and serviced well. The room service staff are friendly and eager to please but if you don't keep the privacy button on they will knock frequently in the hope of tips! The reception staff were rude and unhelpful on every occasion I needed to speak wih them. Haven't tried the pool but it looks well maintained and relaxing. My main complaint is the food. The breakfast offer is terrible - cheap nasty cereals, runny porridge, runny yoghurt, runny scrambled egg that was white!! Mini single serving pots of jam on the tables were already used! And worst of all a curly black hair on the overcooked greasy bacon. The room service is prompt but never seemed to come with everything described on the menu and was generally cold and greasy. The Chinese restaurant on the top floor wasn't too bad but nothing to shout about. Overall, not impressed for a hotel of this standard. I stayed at the Intercontinental last time I was here on business and would rather stay there next time.	
Sep 29 2009 	Quiet hotel in a busy city	It was our first time in India and at a Crowne Plaza hotel. We were not disappointed in our choice. On arrival everything during registration was completed while we had a cold drink. Our room overlooked the pool and entrance to the hotel. The room was quite large with a very welcome fridge, there were always bottles of water on our return every day.The Atrium bar is lovely and quiet but like everywhere in India expensive. The first night we ate in the hotel, think it was called Le Cafe, it is where the breakfasts are served, we did not have the buffet although it looked very good. Breakfast was excellent, the best we had during our tour.We ate a a Chinese not too far from the hotel and felt perfectly safe walking around. During our stay in April the pool was very cold but the pool area was pleasant.Would recommend this hotel if you want to stay away from the very busy city. My only negative would be the price of using the business centre to access the Internet, very expensive.Staff were polite and helpful.	
Aug 11 2009 	Beautiful	LIke most 5* hotels in India, this is a great stay. Great staff, food and entertainment. The pool is amazing also. You can rent a driver and car and tour around Delhi, which is amazing. It was my birthday when we booked in and as you have to give your passport they saw the date and arrived up to my room with a birthday cake, present and flowers. Staff are amazing and add a very personal touch to everything.	
Aug 8 2009	Crowne Plaza - Should first learn the meaning of Hospitality!!!	Before venturing into hospitality industry......i suggest you learn the meaning of the word Hospitality......Crowne Plaza should make sure that the staff &quot;Does not Humiliate and Insult&quot; its guests.Learn the Basics before even thinking of running a hotel....	
Jul 16 2009 	Exceeded Expectations Almost	We were at this hotel for only two days. The service was way above standard for India, about average by Canadian standards. The rooms were the cleanest of anywhere we stayed in India and it was a treat to stay somewhere where there were no major upkeeps needed- rare it seems in Delhi. The food was average in the restaurant, but the service was quick. In fact, the room service was above average. They delivered to us outside of hours and within minutes. The only problem we had was at check out. We had booked through Travelocity which charged our Visa two months in advance, so we had already paid. They charged us again at check out, so we were double charged. The gentleman at the front desk said that travelocity only held the room, which I knew was not true. We are currently working with travelocity to receive a refund for the first charge.	
Jul 5 2009 	Only So-So; Should be Improved	I was here for a week-plus. The hotel was booked by local colleagues for its location to the office, and sort-of-good facilities. It was only a fair stay all around.My room on the 6th floor was small and cramped feeling, as was the bathroom. All of the typical business-class hotel amenties are there: ironing board, TV, bathroom toiletries, internet access, etc. Housekeeping was fine, but the room is starting to feel worn.We ate in every retaurant in the hotel since our days were very long we were too tired to venture out much. While none of them were bad, none of the restaurants were particularly good, either. The restaurant on the top floor that had some Thai AND Italian items on the menu (not a good sign) played dorkey 80's music at dinner. I recommend that you explore the area for dining, ask for recommendations outside the hotel, etc. if you have the energy. The price/value will also be better, I'm sure.The staff are well-meaning and try hard, but are not polished. Better training would help as you can tell they are trying to please -- it's not an attitude problem.The pool looks nice, but I had no time for it.The surrounding area is not that attractive, but partly that's Delhi, i.e. trash everywhere, traffic, no sidewalks, etc.So: the stay was not a disaster, but I'll try to stay elsewhere when back in Delhi. India has traditionally not welcomed international investment in infrastructure, and it shows in the price/value of the available hotels. But there are better in town.(Filed for my husband - he won't get his own account.)	
Jun 21 2009 	Could be better	was there with some business partners from Japan, overall OK but for the kind of charges they have it cld have been better, they have customised services for japanese guests like TV channels, breakfast in japanese style etc. Food is not too great for the kind of money they charge, better to eat out in the shopping arcade outside the hotel	
Jun 19 2009	Extravagant party	The staff at the Crowne Plaza Hotel New Delhi is outstanding. I had price issues with our first night stay. The hospital that booked us waited to long to get the lower price rooms. I was forced into the higher price and didn' t know until check out. We paid and went on to the hospital where I was admitted. One of the managers came to the hospital to speak with us. I was impressed. We went back after I left the hospital. Room was lovely. Used hotel guide/driver for 3 days. Awesome! He made our trip! Service slow in main restaurant and food not to our liking. The Japanese restaurant was awesome!	
Jun 10 2009 	Good quality and reasonable value	I've stayed in the Crowne Plaza, Friend's Colony, Delhi on many trips. The property is large and well-appointed if not particularly attractive to look at fomr the exterior.The rooms are comfortable and clean. The food is good and room service very efficient. In some areas the property is beginning to look a little tired/out of date but that is a minor observation. The location is handy for New Delhi and anyone travelling/working across south Delhi/Noida. It's in a peaceful, upmarket suburb. The gym is modern, well-equipped and well-managed and the pool is popular. The property attracts large up-market groups of tourists, local business-types, flashy parties and business travellers. At the time of writing (June 2009) the room rates are competitive but as always everything else (e.g. laundry/food/wi-fi) is comparatively expensive.	
Jun 8 2009 	Loved the Ambience	I had an opportunity to visit new delhi recently and to stay at crowne plaza , new delhi. At the ist sight of the hotel , i was excited and knew that I had made the right choice. Check in was really easy, with cooperative staff. The room was very good and exactly as promised on the hotel website. The stay was for 2 days but I extented it for a day to enjoy the hospitality for a bit longer. In short, it was worth it.	
Jun 6 2009 	lovely rooms	Surya has large and spacious rooms.the food is excellent.the front office staff is very efficient but not well groomed.the hotel building is not very beautiful but it`s quiet functional.location is good too, considering the size of delhi.	
Jun 3 2009 	Good for business	five star hotelgood for official partieslocated in posh south delhicentral location in southgood servicegood food	
Jun 3 2009 	Quite contemporary	nice and cozy environment! had a one night stay....the room was quite contemporary.. floor 3/ regular twin bed room!nice breakfast, great room service... bathroom fitted with latest amenities...defintely a recommend for any frequent travellers!	
May 31 2009	LOVED THE CONVENIENCE	Most covenient as regards the location , my office being on one of the floors of the hotel building itself.The hotel has all the faclities required to unwind post the day's work with a courteous staff to guide and assist with.Finally to end the day , the chinese is absolutely delicious.One step more to relax , the shopping arcade is reasonably priced and shopkeepers open to negotiation so one can get a steal.	
May 29 2009 	Standard business class hotel	Sufficiently impressive for a hotel of its star rating, but nothing makes this hotel stand out from its competitors. The location is so-so, and the surrounding area less accomodating to intrepid guests than other parts of the city.	
May 27 2009 	Poor value	In my experience the two superior hotel chains in the Intercontinental group - Intercontinental and Crowne Plaza - play weather-man and woman on pricing but Intercontinental is consistently superior on quality. This was certainly borne out by my experience here. This time around Crowne Plaza was a tad more expensive (for which read extortionate; this is Delhi, after all) than the admirable Nehru Place Intercontinental (full, alas) but some way behind on quality. The walls of the 'executive lounge' appear to have been painted by the same five year old responsible for the grouting around the shower!	
May 25 2009 	nice place worth a visit	nice place, nice membership benefitsclean, all facilities, centraly located.nice bufffets and everything u think is above normal grade.worth a visit really	
May 21 2009 	Great Hotel Poor service	The hotel did a very poor job of organizing the leisure package that I had selected. Even after talking to the resident Manager Mr Rehman, they did not address the matter. Very poor service for what the charges are. The room are well done and the restaurants &amp; spa area is very modern. Highly recommend the ayurvedic massage. Not very sure about service and quality since rates are equivalent to dollar standards but service is not.	
May 9 2009 	Only Price	If you are just looking for a good hotel just to stay for a couple of days. This hotel is a good choice.Just expect a decent Room adn nothing else including service	
May 3 2009	A great place to stay if you have the misfortune of being in Delhi	Let's face it, New Delhi is not the greatest place to stay in what is the wonderful country of India. Sure, it's convenient for Aggra and as a brief stop-off before going to the North, but not really a great destination in it's own right. Anyhow, if you do happen do be in New Delhi (I was for 8-days on business April 2009) then I certainly recommend the Crowne Plaza. The rooms are excellent by any country's standards, and the staff are friendly and good fun if you make the effort to talk with them. The restuarants are pretty good (although sometimes a little pricey for what you get) and the bar is functional enough, although like others have said, lacking a bit in atmosphere. What really stands out at the Crowne Plaza Delhi is the excellent Gym and Spa. I used the gym every day I was there, followed by a sauna and swim. No charges, this is complimentary and of the highest quality. I paid 800rupees for a great shoulder and back massage too. The area that the hotel is placed in (New Friends Colony) is pretty crappy, but then again, where exactly is nice in Delhi? There are brief power cuts every day (but you have to expect this) but the gym treadmills are not affected by this!! The only downside for business stay as far as I was concerned is the slow internet connection which was pretty much non-functioning for the entire time I was there. Anyway, highly recommended hotel, especially for business - a bit of an oasis in Delhi!	
May 2 2009 	excellent place	Its an excellent hotel... Stayed there many a times on official visit... Excellent ambience, service, location	
May 1 2009 	Good Hotel For Business Traveller	A good-quality business hotel in a convenient location with good dining options.	
Apr 28 2009 	Don't stay there!	We had three separate one night stays here during a tour in India.Night 1- we were put in a disabled room, not ideal as we are both able bodied, but as only one night we put up with it.Night 2-we arrived early evening and when we switched on the lights some worked, some didn't, the TV and air con did not work. The electrician arrived quickly but by then we had been allocated what was supposed to be a premium room and as the paperwork had been completed we moved.( we had originally had a superior room). The smell of urine hit you as you walked into the room, we quickly realised that it was coming from the air con. By now it was getting late to eat so we again thought , only one night we will leave the air con off.Night 3- we arrived 11.00 pm. This room again smelled of urine but was superior room on the 2nd floor, again the air con was the problem, as all we wanted to do was sleep we left the air con off.The reception area was pleasant, some of the staff were surly others OK.Restaurant overpriced and staff not particularly helpful.Business centre charge for 30mins minimum for use of computer - £7.50 on current exchange rate.Would never recommend this hotel.	
Apr 28 2009 	Loved the hotel	The hotel is extremely good. Rooms are lavish and beautiful. I liked the hotel rooms the most.See the room photograph below.	
Apr 27 2009 	Clean hotel but looking tired	This hotel is fine for business - not too expensive but rooms getting a bit shabby and tired,the hotel gym is small and smelly and is crowded as everyone gets there at the same time after work and your better in doing an early morning workout before you start work.food is apalling and the choice of western food is disappointing. Sister hotel Intercontinental has fresh bread compared to the crowne plaza food.found the staff helpful, but dont seem to remember regular faces.	
Apr 21 2009 	loved the stay	it was a very good and restful stay in the hotel	
Apr 21 2009 	Good value for money	The hotel is well appointed in ambience, facilities and service.	
Apr 20 2009 	Value for Money	Excellent location, warm welcome and Great food. This hotel, perhaps is the best in Delhi for business travellors. well connected to delhi and neihghbouring states UP, Haryana etc. The Shopping arcade &amp; food courts adjacent to the Hotel is the best. Very spacious lobby too, Rooma are big and has excellent view.	
Apr 18 2009 	Crown Plaza-Always a pleasure	Crown Plaza in Delhi is always a great pleasure to stay in. It has good restaurant, good rooms and good location.	
Apr 18 2009 	Excellent for a long business stay	I stayed here for almost 3 months. The hotel is one of the best that I have come across in New Delhi. It has all the modern amenities that are required for a business hotel. The property is crunched for space, but that does not make the place less attractive. The food is very good, variety is low but access to resteraunts in the shopping center next door makes up for this. The fare has risen in the last few months, but corporates do tend to get attractive discounts especially for long stays.	
Mar 22 2009 	Crowne Plaza Delhi is way better than what you get in the States	After and exhausting day touring Delhi it was nice to get some peace and quiet. The restaurant and bar were very nice, but really expensive. The breakfast buffet was really good, everything is geared toward Japanese and Western tourists. The service is amazing and rooms were very comfortable.	
Dec 21 2008 	Reasonable business stay - India style	After 4 visits to Delhi, this has become my hotel of choice three different times- due to my company budget policy- around $200.The recent Indian currency depreciation helped- so 9,000-10,000 rp now translates to just $200 vs. over $250 6 months ago.Positive:Hotel management responded to my complaint- at the manager's reception I was upgraded to club room with less noise.Certain issues:1. Short power outage, happens several times a day, even in the lobby- after terror attacks, I was kind of alerted.2. Avoid connecting room- noise from neighboring room is too loud- I heard the cough next door all night long the first night.3. Flush noise from toilet- you are out of luck everytime your neighbor flush the toiletIt is really important you know which room to check-in, completely different experience.....Food: Chinese restaurant serves typical European-Chinese food, not interesting for Asians, especially Chinese people at all. Tried once reluctantly after invited by fellow Western travellers. Chef was trained by Chinese chef before.Indian food- 'seven' is great- my favorite : Prawn CurryNew club room is okay with flat screen, which visually enlarged the room. Better than InterContinental Grand, feel safer than Le Meridien.... Payment- be careful about DCC conversion, which adds 2-3% on your bill in $. Took me several months to ontain refund , check clearly when sign, insist on paying in local currency.Location is not ideal- only close to Humanyun's Tomb and Purana Qila, good to visit, plus Lodhi Garden for a relaxed afternoon- no way to get a taxi back....	
Nov 22 2008 	Nice hotel poor location	Decent typical international chain hotel with large, clean and well equipped bedrooms and bathrooms. Nice bar and restaurants. There was a Goan promotion at the Seven Restaurant during my visit and the food and ambience was excellent. The main problem is the location, with nothing to attract close by except for a large shopping complex. The surroinding area is quite filthy and the hotel is some distance from both the cultural centre of Delhi and the international airport (over half an hour - a full hour in busy periods - from each).	
Oct 28 2008 	Good hotel for a busy city	Hotel rooms in India are expensive but in this hotel you receive exactly what you need after a busy day in the city (clean rooms, bathroom, comfortable bed, international TV channels, internet, etc). The food of the Indian restaurant in the hotel is very good. The buffet breakfast has a lot of choices both asian and western.The restaurant staff was very friendly.	
Oct 1 2008	Very Comfortable	Anyone who has been to Delhi knows that it's hectic...well this hotel will give you a pleasant retreat.All the staff were very helpful and courteous and even those you just passed in a hallway would always smile and say hello. The cleanliness was good in the rooms and around the hotel. I only noticed an odd smell once lurking about the hallways on my floor and I couldn't decide if it was a rather unpleasant cleaning fluid, something more human or a mixture of both! Food wise they have a very good Chinese restaurant on the 7th floor that has views over the city. It's pricey compared to what you could pay outside but the food does come in large portions (one dish would probably fill you up). They have a 24 hour cafe/restaurant on the ground floor which serves Indian and Continental dishes. For those that fancy a real break from the deeply tasty Indian dishes, or if you just fancy a midnight snack...they rustle up a good plate of fries which are great sandwiched between some butter naan! This cafe also doubles up as the breakfast room in the mornings where a decent buffet breakfast is served up with a good range of Indian and Continental. There is a small coffee shop in the lobby that sells cakes and pastries which are as tasty as they look. My final word on food, is that as far as I can see and from my experience, it is safe and clean. I was travelling with approx. 25 people and nobody got ill.The rooms are of a decent size and comfortable. The first time I stayed I was in a standard room which was absolutely fine. However, if you have a little extra cash, definitely go for a deluxe room. Slightly more space, flat screen TV mounted on the wall, lights and air con (plus a few other things) can be controlled from a small touch pad next to the bed and your own iron and ironing board in the cupboard. All the rooms have tea and coffee making facilities, two small complimentary bottles of water and an in room safe.There are some gift shops on the floor below the lobby and an outdoor swimming pool on the 1st floor. I didn't use either but the latter I wish I had if only there was the time!Location wise it is very close to the Lotus Temple and there are some shops and an ATM if you take the exit behind the hotel then do a left. Currency can be readily exchanged at the 24 hour desk in the lobby.I liked this hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 14 2008 	Great Hotel surrounding area not so good	Great hotel with good service overall. The rooms are well equipped but on the small side. Tried out the 2 restaurants - the top Chinese restaurant was very good although quite pricey for India standards - the bottom one was not all that great on the food, seems to cater more for buffet dinners. Staff generally very helpful. The pool area was a bit small and lacking but then who goes to Delhi to stay by the pool? Not much in the surrounding area except small shops and restaurants.	
Aug 6 2008 	Better after moving to a deluxe room	We first booked two superior rooms through their website and requested a non-smoking room. However, when we checked in, we got a smoking room, and one of the room was a wheel-chair accessible one, which we did not ask for.We then changed to one deluxe room. The room was nicer, and at the end of the hall so maybe a little bigger. There was a king size bed but because we were three of us, we had to pay for 2 extra persons. I don't understand why this was so because we only asked for one rollaway bed, which at first was a separate mattress on the floor! We refused to accept the mattress and asked for a proper rollaway. If they are going to charge extra, why should we have to sleep on the floor!Service at the front desk was polite and efficient. They guided us well with all our inquires. In between, we checked out for 2 days to visit Jammu and they let us keep our extra luggage for free and kept an arriving parcel for us. They brought us a free fruit basked and mini-chocolates in our deluxe room (but not to our intial superior room,)The dinner we had at their restaurant, Seven, was nice. There was a ghazal group singing. It was my parents anniversary so they brought us complimentary cake. Their morning breakfast at Le Cafe was good with variety.Good stay for good service.	
Jun 18 2008 	Pleasant stay	Stayed here at beginning and end of tour in India booked with Jetsave. Reception area lovely and pool very nice with beds in shade. Unfortunately several swimming lessons for local children held in the pool made it crowded and noisy at evening time when you wanted to use it. Room good with complimentary bottles of water and tea and coffee making facilities All our meals were paid but drinks pricy here.	
May 31 2008 	lEnjoyed the Crown Plaza	New Delhi India. Crown Plaza Suyra May 14-20 2008. Eileen Queens,N.Y. My stay at the Crown Plaza new delhi India was a happy and memorable one. The hotel is located nearby shopping areas, banks, resturants local markets ect. . I enjoyed my stay at this hotel for the nice rooms with all ammenties,the pool was great, spa was very good I enjoyed that very much after along day touring. Good relaxation in the evening with three resturant to have dinner, casual an elegant dining in the evening with live indian music, a bar for evening cocktails ect. This hotel has a nice decor to it and is fit for any kind of traveller,for business,tourist,or family vaccations ect. The friendliness of all the staff is kind and careing, from the doormen to the bellhops,the resturant staff . The staff and the managers for the day and night shift was very pleasant and careing. Checking in was very pleasant and checking out was also pleasant. When travelling around the world and staying in hotels it is our home away from home and with a open mind one should make the best of our holiday .I enjoyed my stay and if I should travel to India in the futureI will choose this hotel for my stay. My thanks to all at the Crown Plaza Suyra in New Delhi India. Suyra the Sun shines bright in you always	
May 4 2008 	Not worth the money	The hotel is out of the way from the airport and main tourist areas. According to staff, there was nothing to see within walking distance of the hotel. Rooms were OK, but walls were pretty banged up, and the bathroom smelled awful - a damp smell that would seem to come and go for no reason. Worst part, was getting ripped off for the airport pickup. My room was booked through work, and no one mentioned airport pickup, so when I arrived, I went to the pre-booked taxi stand, paid 300 rupees, got my receipt and headed towards the taxis. On my way there, I noticed my name on a sign from the hotel. He told me the ride was complimentary, one of the services the hotel offers, so I cancelled my taxi. Upon checkout, I questioned the 3000 rupee charge, and was told it was for airport pickup. Staff refused to accept that I was told it was complimentary, and demanded that I pay it. I was with a co-worker, who also heard it was complimentary. Now, I dont even really care about the money, work pays for it, but it is the principle of it that bothers me. I was told it was free, then charged 10X more than the regular taxi rate. That left a bad taste in my mouth.	
Apr 15 2008 	A good few days	I stayed at the Crown Plaza for three nights in April. The hotel certainly looks better inside than it does from outside. Since I last stayed there eight years before it has had a big refit. The main open areas are airy and bright, nicely fitted out and while the bar area below reception lacks atmosphere it’s a good place to meet. My room on the forth floor was good, nicely fitted out with good facilities. Service was very good – I was met at the airport by the hotel car, reception was helpful and service at the bars and restaurants attentive. Breakfast buffet was very good, especially if you like Massala Dosa for breakfast like I do, there was a good selection including omlettes and fruit. The evening buffet was very good and a meal in Seven, the a-la-carte restaurant was excellent. The location is little too far south if you want to get to the central tourist spots in Delhi, but it can be a quick ride if the traffic is good to you, All in all a good stay and based on my experience a good hotel that justifies it’s rating	
Apr 14 2008 	Large hotel with spacious public areas and decent rooms	My business colleagues booked three nights for me in the Crowne Plaza during a recent business trip to our nearby India headquarters.The public spaces are spacious and flashy, and are intended to impress. My Club level room was large and comfortable. The Club level breakfast buffet was not overly large or varied, but entirely adequate for my needs. I did not personally experience the other restaurants. I did not take advantage of the large pool.The staff was overall reasonably professional. The Club level clerk who checked me in was cold, bureaucratic, and officious, with little sympathy for the late hour and my travel weariness as she demanded every detail of my travel plans. I did not find the Concierge to be very helpful when I inquired about taxi options for local travel.There were a number of tour groups staying in the hotel. From my observation, they seemed reasonably content with the hotel.Since I had a free Sunday during my visit, my colleagues arranged a car for a visit to Agra and the Taj Mahal. Round trip from the Crowne Plaza and back, with three hours for touring and lunch in Agra, took thirteen hours total with normal Sunday highway traffic conditions.There are a number of shops in the lower lobby area of the hotel. In addition, there is a small commercial area just off the hotel property with an assortment of Indian and Western restaurants and shops of varied quality. Use your &quot;street-smarts&quot; if you venture into this area.Overall, I would stay at the Crowne Plaza again, mainly due to its convenient location near my colleagues' work location.	
Mar 8 2008	Don't go there - it is a waste of money	The only thing which is 5star at this hotel is the price. We spent a few days at the Crowne Plaza and we really regretted it. The service is bad. Food is not good. The hotel has a problem with the air conditioning: at restaurants and in the lobby it is very cold. In the rooms it is not possible to have a normal temperature: either you switch on the AC and its cold or your switch it off and it is getting too warm.The waiters in the restaurants are slow. It takes ages till you get served (tea arrives after the breakfast is done).As said above - we cannot recommend to anybody to stay at this hotel - especially not to families with children!Generally an unpleasant place! We didn't like it at all.	
Feb 23 2008 	Nice hotel but good distance south of centre	We stayed here on the first night of kuoni taj tour. Arrived early morning (7am) and they managed to get us in a room for half eight, which we weren't expecting. First room hadn't been serviced, but a quick call to reception got us another room. After a few hours sleep we went a wander to the local shops to go to an ATM. Its obviously an expected part of india to encounter fairly stark poverty, but it was still an eye opener. But we felt perfectly safe.There are a couple of ATMs within 5 Mins of hotel, quite handy as you can't get rupees before you go and the exchange desk at airport didn't take debit cards, only credit. Hotel will obviously change currency for you. Staff were very friendly and hotel was very modern and clean. we were obviously a bit wary of the dreaded &quot;delhi belly&quot; so we played safe and ate in the hotels indian restaurant &quot;se7en&quot;, which was excellent, lovely indian food and fairly reasonable from a western perspective. We also had a couple of drinks in the atrium bar which was lovely, if fairly quiet. A few of our fellow travellers ate at a local chinese called &quot;lotus&quot; ( i think) without any ill effects. As mentioned, you are a fair distance from india gate and connaught square, certainly not walkable, not a problem for us as we were on a escorted tour but worth bearing in mind. Overall, a good choice for delhi, would stay here again.	
Feb 8 2008	haven of rest in crazy city	We stayed here twice during a recent tour of India. Both times it was a welcome place to stay in a hectic city.Spacious lobby, spacious room,extremely clean and well kept.Staff was helpful, breakfast was good.I wish all the other places we stayed had been as nice and comfortable!	
Jan 6 2008	Very Helpful	Stayed at Crowne Plaza with group of 5 girls for whom this was part of India 'experience'. Asked for and got all the help I needed in providing girls a once in a lifetime experience. They arranged day trip to Taj Mahal with meals and guides. Could not have been better. Gave us free late check out. Girls loved the gift shop in the ground floor level. Finally surprised me with complementary transport to airport on our departure. Cannnot fault the attitude of the staff in all areas. Would unreservedly recommend this hotel to any group like ours.	
Nov 28 2007 	Good Hotel for Delhi	I have stayed in this hotel 3 times over the past 4 years, travelling on business; the last time was December 2006. I stay because of it's proximity to my businessThe rooms are clean and spacious and really what you'd expect from a 4 star hotel. I laughed when I read a recent review about the lobby smelling of Damp - it does!The smelly lobby aside the hotel restaurants on the upper and ground floors are excellent and for a simple buffet the Cafe is fineIt's a good base for travellers to Dehli, however be warned December - January is wedding season in Delhi (and probably India) and it's very busy with private functions	
Oct 29 2007 	The Crowne Plaza Surya Sucks	On entering the grand marble lobby I was immediately struck by a very damp and unpleasant smell. This remained the case for the entire week I stayed at this hotel. I found the service in the hotel to be below average and at times was totally ignored by staff at the hotel's reception. The breakfast was very average indeed. The hotel lacks atmosphere and beware the rooms on the 1st floor, often the very rooms offered by some travel websites. These rooms are damp and the one I was offered had the carpet lifting from the damp. I asked to be moved to a room higher up in the hotel, at an additional $75 per night this was done. Definitely not worth the extra in fact a total rip off. I have been to Delhi a number of times and this was by far the worst hotel. No atmosphere and definitely not recommended.	
Oct 21 2007 	Excellent hotel no complaints	I spent 1 night at the Crowne Plaza Delhi and found the hotel in excellent condition. The double bedroom was large enough to move without problems, big bed with excellent mattress, clean sheets, room equipped with desk+chair, sideboard, armchair with table, flat-screen tv. Bathroom was, like the bedroom, spotlessly clean, no mold anywhere, great Ayurveda toiletries. Breakfast buffet offered breakfast for Asian and Western tastes (currries etc. but also bread, butter, marmelade...) Really no complaints (which you might expect from a 5-star hotel). When in Delhi I would come back to the Crowne Plaza any time.	
Sep 18 2007 	Overall a bit pricey and not the best experience.	Was clean, with an impressive lobby but the room was smallish, had old decor, and had a shakey door that needed to be repaired. There were renovations going on so the pool was out, which i was not informed about, although the gym was well equipped and modern. Management were rude to my friend when she checked in, and the post cards that i gave to the bell desk (with money) never arrived in Australia. Would not return to this hotel.	
Jun 27 2007 	Under renovation but still enjoyed stay	Stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 6 weeks while on a business trip. Hotel was clean and staff friendly. Overall an excellent hotel and will be even better once renovation works are all completed, unfortunately this did mean loud noise/banging sometimes but staff always helpful and apologetic and did move me to a quieter room when possible. Nice pool area and choice of restaurants but the 24hr cafe did get a little boring as it was the only place open after work due to working to fit in with UK time.	
May 4 2007 	An Excellent Stay at the Surya	We were in Delhi twice in December, and the first time we stayed at the Taj Palace, you can see my review on its hotel page, and the second time we stayed at the Surya, the reason being, one of our local friends recommended it. While the hotel itself isn't as luxurious as the Taj Palace, the service is still pretty good. We had a regular room booked, but since we had a lot of luggage we mentioned that we needed a bit more space so we were upgraded to a suite for free, which was great! The suite had more than enough room, and some great features, for example, we were able to turn the shower on from the phone next to the bed, so it was nice and hot when we got in there. The location of this hotel is also excellent (much better than the Taj Palace) it is within walking distance of some great resturants, both Indian and Non-Indian, Ego Thai which is nearby was great and some of the best thai food I have had from around the world. The hotel also has a club, which wasn't that happening, but played some good music. Overall, this hotel isn't as luxurious as the Taj Palace in Delhi in terms of service, food, and comfort, but its still pretty excellent, I found them slightly more accomdating, and our suite was bigger than the one we had at the Taj Palace. More importantly, the location is fabulous, you can't go wrong with either hotel.	
May 2 2007 	Very mediocre but expensive hotel	Everything at the Crowne Plaza is mediocre. From the food to the rather tacky room decor to the service. The rates are rather expensive and you could stay at a much better property for the same price. I was upgraded to the Premiere Club floor but was unable to partake of the amenities and perks. I was told that I was not able to use the Club as I was upgraded. I checked and it is indeed the policy of the hotel that upgrades to the Club Floors are not welcome or able to use the Club floor facilities. I complained and explained that it is like being upgraded to a First Class seat on a flight, but not being able to have the food, service or amenities of it; being welcome to use the seat only. They gave in and told me that I could use the Club floor facilities but I felt very unwelcome and like a charity case. I booked a very expensive auyervedic massage in the spa. The spa is nothing fancy but does have a large &amp; interesting menu of auyervedic massages. My 1 hour massage was a nightmare due to the construction going on 1 floor above. I listened to pounding and jackhammers the entire time. I obviously was unable to relax and enjoy the massage and ended up more tense than before the massage. I complained and was given an apology about the construction. They did not offer to give me another massage gratis or even give me a discount. You can get much better service, decor, food and quality for the same price at many other Delhi hotels.	
Apr 13 2007 	Good hotel	Stayed there for a week, everything is nice and clean. The hotel has a nice outdoors pool and a big plus, if to avoid shopping in the center, it hosts a lot of shops selling stuff at the same prize like outside, it only needs some negotiations (like everywhere in India). The hotel has its own travelling counter, which is way too expensive, but the reception can be very helpful to book anything from outside. Don't be surprised, some of the receptionists speak/understand hardly any English, others do. The hotel is not closed to the center, but you can hire a 3 wheeled car, a tuc tuc, for 100 rupeehs per hour (don't pay more!). Transfer by local taxi to the International airport is 350 rupeehs and takes about 45min. I really recommend the location.Ana, Switzerland	
Apr 5 2007 	Super stay	I stayed at this hotel as part of a tour. The hotel was in my opinion excellent. The restaurants were good and breakfast was excellent. The hotel entrance was wonderful and the rooms as one would expect from a four star hotel. Enjoy your stay	
Apr 2 2007	Clean 	Some of the rooms are a bit dated decor-wise but I believe the hotel is in the process of under going a make over. At present I would rate it as a 4* property. The bed was really comfortable &amp; we had no problems getting a good nights sleep. The lobby/reception area is most welcoming &amp; the restaurants serve a wide variety of food. The hotel is located on the outskirts of the centre of Delhi, but as it is such a vast metropolis I would not make location an issue.	
Feb 28 2007 	Rubbish	Grubby hotel, may look like a 5 star from the photos- but when you get there, the place is grubby and in need of renovation.We booked for 7 nights but could only handle 3- we managed to get in to the Hyatt hotel - new and clean - much better and near the middle of Delhi - the Crown Plaza is miles away for anythingBook the Hyatt or the Grand, I wish we did from the start.Good Luck	
Feb 6 2007	OK...but...	Booked online with hotel website for 2 rooms under 1 name. When we arrived, they said they had 1 room for 2 people, and were sold out. After a few minutes of haggling, they had made a mistake in their hotel reservation system, and accomodated us. The hotel was OK, but quite far from the airport if you're just staying overnite as we were.	
Jan 15 2007	A great and comfortable place to stay.	The Crowne Plaza was in the heart of New Delhi, with all the hustle and bustle going on around you. However, once you were inside, it was like being in a different world.The reception was huge and dazzling.There were plenty of lifts available.The dining was exceptional with 3 or maybe 4 places to eat withing the hotel itself. The breakfast was buffet style and very good. They catered easily for my Gluten Free diet.The staff were courteous and friendly.	
Oct 15 2006 	Awesome Staff! Nice very clean hotel.	The staff at this hotel is outstanding. I had price issues with our first night stay. The hospital that booked us waited to long to get the lower price rooms. I was forced into the higher price and didn’t know until check out. My husband was furious. We paid and went on to the hospital where I was admitted. One of the managers came to the hospital to personally speak with us and clear up the issue. I was so impressed we went back after I left the hospital. So glad! Our room was lovely. We used the travel desk and booked the nicest driver and guide for 3 days. He even took us to his home for tea! We loved this hotel. The only draw back was the main restaurant. Service was slow and food not to our liking. The Japanese restaurant was awesome! Highly recommend this hotel if you are staying in New Delhi.	
Sep 28 2006 	Get the feel of Crowne Plaza Delhi	Hi,This time I traveled with a group of friends and found this hotel in Delhi as an upmarket property to stay with. We all were booked for two nights and our stay at this hotel was an experience worth sharing about. Our Check in was done with soft drinks and warm welcome by the Reception lady, room was on the renovated floor with paintings in the corridor reflecting Indian art(impressive).Room was upto the international standards with cozy Bed and latest furnishing. Our Breakfast at Coffee shop was served by smiling and professional staff. Yes one must try the Health club which they have recently introduced with good equipments for health concious travellers.It was truly a 5 star experience in all the respect. There should be more hotels like this in every city of India.ThanksJames	
Sep 8 2006 	Excellent Product supported by Good personnel	Hi, my name is Wilson Garry stayed between 3rd Sep 06 and 07th Sep 06. well this was my first ever vist to India I was highly worried about my trip to New Delhi. As soon I reached the hotel I was impressed by the warm and grand Lobby of the hotel,check in was prompt and welcoming, was given a room on the 2nd floor which was fresh and contemporary. Room had features like LCD screen TV, Cubicle bath ,bedside console etc.Staff was highly helpful and warm in their approach. Had my Breakfast at Le Cafe which was lavish in choice and taste.On my last night I had my Dinner at Sampan the chinese restaurant and my experience with food was ok but staff was extremly professional and knowledgeble (specially the Captain).Only thing with little sluggishness was their Travel Desk which I used for my way back to Airport and it took some 10 minutes to get the Car at the porch.Overall a good experience to be with Crowne Plaza Delhi.Thanks	
Aug 4 2006 	Bailed out after one night - Avoid!	I booked a reservation at the Crowne Plaza in New Delhi through the Holiday Inn Priority Club. I stayed at a Holiday Inn in Australia, and joined, thinking that I would accumulate points. What a mistake. The Crowne Plaza in New Delhi was probably a great hotel ten years ago, but it is showing its age. Apparently, parts of it are under renovation, and supposedly, some floors are completed. I did not see those floors. The lobby needs help. My room needed help. The room had excellent Wi Fi, and a large plasma TV, but the electrical outlets were iffy, the fixtures were cracked and fading, and the marble surfaces were showing a lot of wear. For $142 a night, I expected better. Particularly from an ostensibly five star hotel. This was just the beginning. I need to have a working electrical outlet next to the bed for some medical equipment that I use when I sleep, so it is a non-starter when the outlets do not work. The front desk sent up power adapters which blew the fuse in the outlet, (along with a young man who tried to blame my equipment, then asked me why did I not call housekeeping), then they sent up a very nice handyman who fiddled around in the ceiling with a horrifyingly antique-looking fuse box, and after some trial and error he was able to get the outlet working, but the lights in the room no longer responded to the light switches, and so they would not go out. No problem. I unscrewed all the lightbulbs so I could get some rest. Then I jumped onto the internet and booked a room at the Metropolitan Hotel Nikko. The first floor lounge restaurant offered somewhat surly help (waiter was fine, the night manager was tired, perhaps), and a very weird version of spaghetti a la carbonara. The banana shake was good, though. Oh, yeah. One other thing. The hotel neglected to send a car to meet me at the airport. I requested this when I made my reservation. I had to hire a car at DEL, which was....an adventure. I only wish that the Mandarin Hotel Group had a property in New Delhi. Trying the Hotel Nikko tomorrow. I am punching out of the Crowne Plaza, never to return. Strongly advise giving this joint a pass.	
Jun 17 2006	one night review	What a pleasant surprise! After reading many of the reviews on tis site I was a little anxious about staying at this hotel but I stayed here for on night with my partner using Priority Club reward points for one night (22nd May 2006). We arrived early on the morning after an overnight flight and were very pleased to be given a room at 7.30am and given an upgrade to an executive floor room on the top floor.The room was newly refurbushed with flat screen TV and well equipped. The design felt a litle unusual/old fashioned but the room was newly refurbished and clean.The executive lounge facilities were basic but ofered free internet access, a very limited breakfast and limited evening canapes and evening drinks. there is however an excelent indian restaurant in the hotel and for those seeking more western options a Mcdonalds and Dominoes Pizza round the corner.The location is not central and away from Connaught Place but we were touring and had a car and driver so this did not seem to matter.The pool was nice and my partner took advantage of of a pedicure in the hotel which was excellent value for money. The hotel was very quiet during our stay but the service was excellent and I would recommend.	
Mar 7 2006	A very enjoyable stay	Stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 2 nights, had an excellent room on the 7th floor. It had been recently refurbished with modern amenities including a large plasma TV. The Chinese Restaurant was excellent (but not cheap), we used the executive lounge for breakfast and snacks and the food was very good. All the staff we met were very pleasant and helpful. Spent an hour sat around the outside pool area, listening the noisy Delhi traffic. We did not venture far outside of the hotel on foot as there did not seem to be much to see, apart from some American fast food restaurants.	
Jan 29 2006 	Better than the rest?	Just spent two nights in Delhi at the Crowne Plaza. On first impressions this is a good hotel, but delve beneath the surface and you'll find a few things that definitely lower the * ranking. Most of the rooms need refurbishing and the bar area has got to be the most inhospitable place in India! Forget any intimate surroundings, this bar is in the atrium with 30 m high ceilings. The breakfast is OK, but the restaurant is far too small to cope with a full house (which is nearly always in India). The location is also well removed from downtown. I'm sure there are better places to stay in Delhi.	
Dec 23 2005	Dirty To be avoided in Dehli		
Nov 27 2005	Loved it very nice!!!!!!		
Nov 17 2005	Very disappointing		
Oct 22 2005	Very Nice		
Sep 15 2005	An okay expereince nothing great		
May 8 2005	Did not live up to the hype!		
Mar 13 2005	would go again		
Mar 12 2005	Good even without an upgrade		
Nov 19 2004	True luxury		
Nov 14 2004	Top class service and rooms		
Nov 12 2009	Rajasthan Rundreise		
Nov 1 2009 	????????????????		
Oct 15 2009 	?????????????????		
Aug 24 2009	Hotel correcto pero mal insonorizado		
May 19 2009 	Flughafen in der Nähe		
Sep 1 2008 	Fantastico 5 stelle		
Jul 25 2007	No pude casi dormir		
Nov 23 2006 	un très bel hôtel		
	Everything awesome about it and its at a very low price	Now this is what is called a great hotel at a great location with the best price. I stayed in this hotel for two days and had booked a &quot;standard room' meant for two people due to non availability of a single occupancy during booking time (i know its a waste of resource ;) ). The rooms are awesome! Very much clean. The corridors and the waiting lounge was very comfortable as well. The bathroom was good too but with no bathtub :( (It does matter to some !). It seems that the commode was meant for those people with a height &gt;6.5 feet as when you have to use it your feet cannot touch the floor. (What the heck?) The hotel has a restaurant named Comesum which is a chain of restaurants tied up with IRCTC which serves amazing food which being tasty was hygienic at the same time. The best part was its location. Its located right next to the New Delhi railway station(NDLS). So if you are coming by train you could even walk to the hotel. For local travel the metro station is again at a walking distance in fact closer than NDLS.As far as my stay was concerned I faced no problems except for they don't allow to take your car near the portico and you have to take your luggage and walk for some distance (not much). It could be bothersome when one has a lot of luggage but shouldn't be a deciding factor according to me given the security issues which the country faces.All in all my stay was good and I don't see any reason why I should give anything less than five in ratings. The negatives i mentioned shouldnt be a deciding factor as far as I believe. thanks for reading....	
	Best Effort by Ratan Tata for the middle class	I found it extremely comfortable, very near to New Delhi Rly station travelling to the hotel by a cycle rickshow only. There is a metro entry just out side the hotel. A very good restaurant with a very reasonable price.If compared Room rent vs Cleanlilness , it will rank-1 in India. Normally the middle class cannot efford a lot of money in hotel, but desire cleanliness , a good restaurant etc, which is very well available in Zinger. It is also located extremely well convenient place. For Train Traveller, even better. Now onwards I even prefer to spend some money for this hotel to stay rather than choosing to free stay in our guest house in Noida.Thnak You Tata.Pankaj Kr Baruah	
	best value for price	Very warm and cozy rooms, plush interiors, nice service and tasty food. Good connectivity for business and tour planner available in the hotel. Best value for money	
	Great quality for the price !! For train travelers it's PERFECTION!	The quality for price cannot be beat in Delhi - for $40 you get clean rooms with satelite TV, AC, wireless (must pay but only $5 for 24 hours) and clean bathrooms - perfectly comfortable rooms. We stayed at a few other hotels for the same price range in Delhi and India and found them all to be MUCH worse. We also stayed at a few 5 star hotels which were (as expected) better but then again cost us $300 ... found Ginger to be the best bargain around.Also - we traveled around quite a bit by train using delhi as a our main hub and for this the LOCATION CANNOT BE BEAT! you are literally across the street from the train station (VERY helpful since some tickets can only be bought 2 hourse before the train leaves - if the train leaves at 5am you'll be grateful you only have to cross the street to get your 3am tickets!). Its also pretty close to Connaught Place (central Delhi) - around 2 km or INR 50 by tuck tuck (1 dollar).Good luck! mp	
Nov 26 2009 	A Clean Hotel in Dirty Delhi	We had three one-night stays here as we used Delhi as a transit point for various excursions during our month-long holiday.The hotel's location, just yards from the unimaginable filth and detritus and all-round excremental disgrace that is the New Delhi Sewerage Station, I mean - New Delhi Railway Station, is undoubtedly very convenient.The large hotel is easy to see even at night time and even with luggage you can just walk across the car park that lies between the station and the hotel.With all the building work going on for the Commonwealth Games (Surely flattening the city would be a better option? After all, it’s been rebuilt several times already over the centuries!) it might look daunting to get to but walking is far quicker and cheaper than any tuk-tuk or taxi - as we found to our cost the first time we tried to get to it.We had three different rooms during our three stays and, despite reports from other contributors, we found each room clean in all respects with all the facilities you'd expect in a business hotel (albeit a budget hotel) including copious hot water.The 24-hour coffee shop / restaurant was fine - lots of well-dressed locals were even coming in for takeaways.Staff were pleasant and helpful but they won't store luggage so you'll have to use the Left Luggage Office at the station. Lock your bags and padlock them to the bays - thieves had a damn good go at attempting to break into my friend's suitcase.The hotel's location is also it's biggest problem. The AC can inevitably bring in the smells of the station but this isn't the hotel's fault, nor is the damn awful noise from the trains coming through the station whose horns even the deaf can hear! What is it with Indians and noise, anyway? Perhaps ask the hotel if it has rooms facing away from the station. Otherwise take ear (and possibly, nose) plugs.Anyway - the plus points are of the hotel's making and the minus points (apart from not storing luggage for late leavers) isn't.I would happily try other Ginger hotels. The only reason I wouldn't go back to their Delhi hotel is because it would mean my going back to Delhi. A more hellish scenario I cannot imagine.	
Nov 26 2009 	Terrible place - Avoid it!!!	We booked Ginger Delhi for 2 days and left hotel with-in 2 hours of checking-in.My expectations were not great. I was looking for &quot;clean&quot; with no frills accommodation. But the room was far from being clean. There were bunch of long hairs on the floor. The hotel staff did not even check if the room was clean before handing over the room. When called housekeeping - they cleaned the room and only cleaned what we showed. After a second glance there were more bunch of hairs on the other side of the bed that the cleaner royally ignored.The walls had shoe prints. May be that previous guests wanted to make their footprints before they left. But at least I expected housekeeping to clean those marks from the wall. The quilt was almost black from one side and had couple of yellow spots all over. When called the housekeeping to change the covers - they came with two quilt covers - one was dirty and the other was less dirty. We asked him to change the less dirty one.The hotel staff cared not to clean anything as they have enough guests who keep coming on the name of Ginger - The Taj Group.The bathroom was clean - but there was no hot water. You can fall sick if you would take cold shower in winters. There was no toilet paper in the bathroom. We had to call thrice to get the toilet paper.There was a very small window in the room and the room was damn compact. I would have appreciated if they could at least make a bigger window. That would have given the room a bigger look. Stay there only when you have no option (or may be when you just have to spend few hours) and keep your expectations level for a usual Pahargunj hotel for which you would pay not more than Rs 1000.We moved the same day to Quality Inn, Gurgaon and paid hefty amount for that hotel as it was the last minute booking but at least our stay was damn comfortable there.When complained to Ginger customer service - we only got the regret letter for the inconvenience caused and there was no refund.I would strongly advise to avoid this hotel. This is not the place where you can spend two days.	
Nov 23 2009 	Centrally Located	Our journey to the Ginger Hotel didn't start too well. We booked a vehicle at the airport taxi counter. Once out of the airport our driver claimed he didn't know where the Ginger Hotel was located. We gave him a map but this didn't seem to help him. Fortunately, he could take us to the 'tourist office' who could phone Ginger for directions. The very 'helpful' man from the tourist office 'phoned' Ginger Hotel and was advised that they'd over-booked, but we could stay at their sister hotel for free! When we didn't believe this they passed the phone to us where the 'manager' apologised profusely and explained how the sister hotel was so much better. We still weren't convinced and realised it was a scam, and after we demanded that the taxi driver take us to the Ginger Hotel manager, we were given a ride to New Delhi railway station where we made our way on foot to the hotel. Of course we were immediately able to book in! When we were at the so-called 'tourist office' we saw other taxis pull up outside. The moral is that if you book a taxi from the airport then don't believe anything the driver, or anyone whose help he enlists, tells you about your hotel.The Ginger Hotel itself is quite bland but has clean rooms with comfortable beds and a TV for those who can't live without the box. They even have Wi-Fi (at a price) and there is a gym. Security is first class. There is a self-service cafeteria on site which provides exceptable food. The major downside was the booking process. We'd originally enquired about a room in August but it wasn't until 3 months later, 4 days before we were due to arrive, that the hotel was able to accept bookings. The only other problems were we were promised IT assistance when we experienced difficulties with the Wi-Fi connection, but this never arrived despite our phone calls, and there is no luggage storage facility at the hotel.	
Nov 22 2009 	Best Place To Stay In Delhi	Ginger hotels is a chain of hotels in India, mainly set up for business travellers, however if you are sick and tired of staying in terrible accomodation while travelling around India I would recommend paying a little extra and stay at a Ginger hotel. The Delhi hotel is right behind new delhi train station so centrally located for seeing the city. The rooms are very clean, flat screen tv, air con, clean sheets, clean showers, nice staff and tea/coffee in room. Rooms have a tiny frindge which does not get very cold but otherwise well worth paying a few extra poung to stay at. I would recommend booking ahead on their web site if possible to get the best price.	
Nov 16 2009 	value for money	was clean, and appeared safe. there was ample of room with clean bedding and hot water. additionally there is a good restaurant, business station and travel desk within the lodge. railway station is 5 min walk away.	
Nov 16 2009 	What a place..	I say, friends, all those of u who want cleanliness, ginger new delhi can't be ur second choice... it was so calm, peaceful and so clean that at time i felt to leave the place never. So cheap and nearby to the station it was an amazing place to live in	
Nov 8 2009 	Great place for a solo traveler	This was a great place for a business trip. A spotlessly clean room, comfortable bed, bathroom and desk - plus wireless for an extra fee. I could also grab good, inexpensive food downstairs in the restaurant downstairs. Very key when I was pressed for time or needed to get something late at night and didn't feel safe heading out on my own after dark. This hotel has small rooms for 1 person which cost about half of a standard room, so perfect when traveling solo. Not great in terms of character but great if you just need a clean and safe place to sleep. If getting there by taxi, be sure to tell the driver it's by the Ajmeri Gate of the train station or they'll have a hard time finding it - and be sure to book at least a few weeks ahead of time. It books up, mostly by locals.	
Nov 6 2009 	Well worth the money	A great value Hotel similar to a UK Travel Lodge. We were a party of 4 -2 adults and 2 teenagers and for 1000INR a night this was a bargain. Rooms very clean with AC and a fridge and LCD TV. The restaurant is open 24hours with good food although the staff are very rude and un anattentive. Location is great for those wanting to use New Delhi train station as it is only 2 mins away by foot. Downside is that there are no shops around the hotel and you need to get a three wheeeler in order to get to them (Connaught Place 5mins) which are available just outside the hotel. There is a pharmacy located on the hotel premises which is great. All in all if you are only needing accomodation and do not require the hotel luxuries as we were sight seeing and arriving after 9pm this is a highly recommended hotel. The hotel is quite hard to find due to construction of the metro and even taxi drivers do not know where it is . It is located next to ajmeri gate on the one way system.	
Oct 21 2009 	An excellent choice	This is an excellent choice and great value for the price. The room and bathroom were clean, A/C was great, flat screen TV with cable, hot water (though much better in morning than night), very cheap phone calls, internet in the lobby and very helpful staff. Restaurant is ok. If you check their website, it will show it fully booked for months to come. In reality, it seems to only take reservations in the short term. Excellent location right next to the New Delhi Station. although everyone will have a tough time finding it. Tell them to go to the New Delhi Station and then ask for the Rail Yatri Niwas. If you are walking, you have to walk through a dark, crowded industrial area to get to the hotel and solo women may not feel comfortable. Otherwise, highly recommended.	
Oct 21 2009 	excellent value for Delhi	Stayed one night at the beginning and one night at the end of our two week holiday. Support majority of positive comments already made about value, cleanliness and convenience. At the end of a long train journey the convenience of being able to walk to the Ginger Hotel was a great asset. The restaurant was nothing great but it's only one stop by Metro (entrance very close to the hotel) to Connaught Circus where there are plenty eating places. Would definitely stay there.	
Oct 19 2009 	Good value for the money	I was quite satisfied with my stay here. I stayed here my very first 2 nights in Delhi and on the trip. The hotel is basic but clean enough. Room has complimentary water (2 bottles a day), hot water pot, TV. Right now I can't even picture the bathroom but I was fine with the room and bathroom. There are 2 computers available in the lobby for Rs 110 for 1 hr. The staff was friendly and means to be helpful. One just has to give them time. I agree with the other reviews here in terms of the value for the money.The location was great for going to Old Delhi and Connaught Circle. Also, because it is next to the railroad station, the pre-paid taxi driver from airport knew how to get to it. There is a large sign up high so once at the station you can see it. There is construction around the station and you actually need to go to the back of the station to reach the hotel.A short walk from the hotels gets you to a pre-paid stand where you can hire auto-rickshaws. There is a booking agent (of sorts) in the hotel so I used them to book a car to the airport for the next leg of my trip. I said I would take non-AC for Rs800 and I got a car with AC.One negative was trying to book a room online. I did use direct email to the Delhi Ginger hotel but they don't book much in advance and they also get full quickly.Hope this helps.	
Oct 7 2009 	Everything we wanted and nothing more!	What can one get in New Delhi for 1000 rupees?The price, the location and the Tata brand were my main consideration when I booked Ginger for our 3 night stay in New Delhi. The location is amazing - bang next to the railway station. Yet so peaceful, as if away from the city.Once I got into the hotel, I didn't see a porter running towards me to pick up my baggage. Instead there were some super convenient trolleys - self-service is the mantra here.The room is not of a five-star quality but just of the right size and has everything one needs. In the common area, there is facility to iron your clothes. Amazingly designed to save costs and yet not compromise on the comfort of the stay.There is no room service, but you could pack your food from the restaurant and carry it yourself.	
Oct 3 2009 	Perfect place for family	An excellent hotel strategically located with very good Customer Service. The cost of the food in the Restaurant is little higher which TATA need to relook at, as they have opened this Hotel in the Railway Station Complex and not inside/ near Airport.	
Sep 30 2009 	Can't ask for more - Real value for money	Hats off to TATA for gifting us Ginger , Delhi. I booked this place after reading several reviews , but when I stayed there it exceeded my expectation. Positives : 1. Spacious and spick and span rooms for just Rs.999/night2. LCD TV3. Very neat toilet/shower4. Complementary mineral water ( 4 small bottles on daily basis)5. Centrally located - Connaught Place outer circle is hardly 1 km. CP is the best place to dine.6. 24hrs restaurant7. Water dispenser on every floor8. Very courteous staff including room service staff.These were just to name a few.Negatives :1. No auto stand in front of the hotel ( got to walk abt 50 mts)2. Restaurant not that great. They are not capable of handling more than 4 customers at a time. I had to wait for 1 hr to grab my breakfast. I suggest that you have food here only if unavoidable.3. The travel desk has very few Indica A/Cs. It has more bigger cars ,which are more expensive. Indica A/C Rs.850 / 8hrs-80kms ,but Esteem - Rs.600 more.Otherwise no complaints. I think Ginger should open similar hotels in Mumbai also.Wish you a very happy stay.Rgds,Venkatesh	
Sep 28 2009 	Value For Money	Real Value For Money hotel . An ac room at rs 999 . neat room well maintained . Has coffee / Tea maker , complimentary water bottle . Rs 999 is an steal .	
Sep 10 2009 	Descent hotel at excellent price	I was travelling to Delhi from Mumbai and this hotel came as a surprise choice after me completing the train ticket on irctc.co.inI was directed to www.railtourismindia.com and booking of this hotel was easy. Thought what services would I find for 1K room.Went to the hotel and voila, its an excellent located hotel (Central Delhi). Rooms are well maintained, lobby is good.They don't serve food in the rooms, but Comsum restaurent at the lobby provides yet another surprise. Good hygenic food at very good price.Overall very good experience.	
Aug 31 2009 	LIKE TO FALL IN LOVE WITH......	We were on the way to Kerala and stayed here in a twin room. This was really a great beginning of Honeymoon. Clean and comfortable rooms with a multi-cuisine restaurant made our trip wonderful. We strongly recommend this hotel to all the visiting couples and families. One of the best thing is the easy access of railway station. You can even see your train standing at platform no. 10, 11 and 12 while having west side window opening rooms.	
Aug 21 2009 	good value for money	This hotel is just steps from the New Delhi train station. It has clean rooms, comfortable beds and decent bathrooms at very reasonable prices. The area around the station does look a bit intimidating but I never felt in danger, even late at night. The restaurant offers good and safe food at very competitive prices.	
Aug 18 2009 	My most preferred hotel economical	Ginger (Yatri Nivas) New Delhi, I recommend this hotel because its clean, the staffs are very polite, No disturbance, Overall I would say you get an ambeince of a five star at the cost of 3 star hotel. The rooms are very clean, the toilets are also clean. Clean bedsheets, towels, wifi, A/C. Really a comfortable place to stay and at the heart of New Delhi. The metro is just a 50 meter walk from the hotel. Isn't it Great !!!	
Aug 15 2009 	THE best Value in Delhi for your money - period --	Great hotel with everything you need - mini fridge, flat panel TV , 4 beds in family room , free water bottles , separate shower,toilet,washbasin ( saves time when you have a family getting ready in morning ).Nice restaurent downstairs, WIFI for approx $8/24 hrs , pharmacy , book store next door etc .Just keep this quite guys - already too tough to get a room @ this place - seriously when I travel in India I am going to look for a Ginger hotel everywhere I go .	
Aug 4 2009 	Noce Place But Not too Good	I visited this place on my Recent visit to New Delhi. This hotel is good but is not ar per the desired standard. I know this is a budget hotel but the quality is not soo good. I have also visited the Bangalore Ginger hotel but this one in Delhi is not so good. Though rooms are neat and clean but the area where this is located is not good at all. Also there is not any room service at all. So this is also a problem.	
Jun 29 2009 	The Best Hotel In Delhi	After so much hassle in Raunak hotel,it was a relief to come to Ginger Hotel.I always searched for 3-4stars hotel.But after seeing the 3-star Raunak Hotel,i didn't want to anymore.Even though Ginger hotel is a budget hotel,it is the best value for money.The service was good,the food was splendid,the room was spacious and clean,the staff were very helpful and understanding.I really enjoyed my stay there. ..I really look forward to another enjoyable stay there!!!	
Jun 24 2009 	Fabulous hotel great location for the railway station and VFM	Stayed here on 2 separate occasions during March and rate the hotel very highly. Its location is walking distance from New Delhi train station which is ideal if you want to catch a train at 6 in the morning. The area around the hotel does not win any awards, in fact some parts look well dodgy, especially late at night. The hotel however has a security check point and they do actually check people coming into the hotel so no problems there. The rooms are very clean, modern looking, have a good air conditioning system, flat screen TV's, good hot showers and comfortable beds. Best of all the rooms are very inexspensive. There is a cafeteria down in the lobby area that serves various meals and drinks, the food is reasonable and good value.	
Jun 21 2009	Best place in Delhi to stay	The Ginger has all the atmosphere of a businessman's hotel, but the rooms are clean and neat and staff is responsive to requests for assistance. What I say that &quot;Best place in Delhi to stay&quot;	
Jun 21 2009 	Best hotel near New Delhi railway station	I had to take a train at 3:40 AM. So I was looking for a hotel which should be at a walking distance from NDLS station. The hotels at paharganj looked shabby. But Ginger hotel (The erstwhile Rail Yatri Niwas) is very nice hotel. The interiors are very good. The hotel uses latest technologies loke self check in etc. The room rates are also resonabel at around 1200 Rs. I would certainly recommed this hotel if you are looking for stay near new delhi railway station.	
Jun 19 2009 	Budget hotel in India	I'm a Brazilian living in Bangalore, and May this year my family came to visit me and my wife. I planned the visit to New Delhi and Agra, so I booked on-line two double rooms. Two weeks before I called to check if the reservations were really made, luckily it was! :) Finding this hotel is complicated, and if you're a foreigner, no taxi driver will believe you know where it is (even you have a map in your hands). Tell the driver that it’s next to Pinto Road, and that he has to go through the rail station car/rickshaw’s parking area to get to the hotel.The location is pretty good to visit the sites in New Delhi.This is a budget hotel, so don’t expect any frills. You’ll find a bed, AC (little noisy), LCD TV, a desk with a small fridge and a standard western bathroom. Our towels were a little dirty and the bed sheets where smaller than the bed, even thou cleaner than some 4 star hotels I’ve stayed in Pune, Chennai and Mumbai.There’s a 24 hours restaurant in the ground floor, if you like Indian food you’re going to enjoy yourself. If you don’t you can get an auto-rickshaw for 5-10 minutes and go to Connaught Place to eat something. The hotel does have omelette and toast.The hotel does deliver what it promises, a safe and clean place to sleep. If you’re looking for some glamour try other hotels, but if you don’t want to spend money, this should prove good enough.	
Jun 18 2009 	yes yes yes!	Even if it is not easy to get there (you can see it from the railway station but the road is not direct) we've found it very very worthy. Room is basic but clean, Wi-fi everywhere for 113 rupies per hour, the restaurant always open, not expensive and average quality food, just outside the door a pharmacy and a corner shop. Also a tourist desk is there, and their car rental with driver service is good and not expensive at all, compared to the others we checked. We will sure look for a Ginger hotel everywhere we'll go in India!	
Jun 13 2009 	A good base in Delhi	The Ginger is cheap, clean and comfortable.The air conditioning was welcome after the May heat of the city. We tried a 4 bed family room and the 2 bed twins, both fine, the twins have better bathrooms.The 24 hour cafe downstairs was useful, not the best food ever but adequate with a fair amount of choice.Tell cab drivers you need New Delhi station, Ajmeri Gate as others have noted they often don't know where the hotel is with just the name. The surroundings aren't wonderful but it is very convenient, the metro is just outside.Would definitely base myself here again. Good for families.	
Jun 13 2009 	Budget at its best	Hotel Ginger is a quality accomodation and a steal for the low prices that it offers. The fact that the building belongs to the Railways and was a Rail Yatri Niwas may have a major role to play in its pricing.But the makeover is unbelievable. Simple changes have made the hotel a great buy-in for business travellers who visit the hotel only for a good night's sleep.The rooms are very tiny but well done up. The corridors are a maze but blame it on the old building and construction.Currently accessibility from the city is a big problem because of the construction of Metro, but once that ends this hotel will be a hot favourite for people travelling by the Railways.Ginger provides option of ordering food from any local restaurant nearby and also makes available their menu cards, which is a great option if you want to choose from a variety of cuisine.All in all a value for money!	
Jun 12 2009 	excellent value for the money	Based on Tripadvisor reviews, I booked four nights at the Ginger Hotel in May and was not disappointed. The hotel provides excellent value for the money. I paid more than double for the same setup at another hotel when I returned to Delhi in June. The Ginger has all the atmosphere of a businessman's hotel, but the rooms are clean and neat and staff is responsive to requests for assistance. Service is snappy and professional. While all this doesn't sound that exciting, trust me when I say that you'll be really thankful for such efficient service when you arrive at 4AM after being given the runaround by your taxi driver. The hotel is sort of hard to find. It's on the back side and across the tracks from New Delhi Station. Adjacent to the hotel is some sort of operations which involves lots of bales and carts and looks like recycling activity but is probably rail related freight operations. It's not pretty to look at, but the constant activity makes the area relatively safe, and once inside the hotel, all is nice and calm. You get courtesy bottles of water every day. There's internet access, albeit with a slow connection and expensive at 113 rupees an hour. And the restaurant isn't too bad. There's a metro very near by. If Delhi weren't so beastly hot, the hotel is within walking distance of Connaught Place and Old Delhi. The place always seems to be booked, so book early.	
Jun 10 2009 	romantic rooms	The hotel is magnificent . It was so lovely that it was hard to drag ourselves away from the hotel to go anywhere. It;s ambience is so peaceful, no disturbance at all from anyone .  In delhi, with such a atmosphere you can not find hotel at such a reasonable rates. Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel in the price range of Rs 1000/- per day. It is in the heart of delhi hence transportation is no problem at all. ONly negative point is its' entrance through New delhi Rly station which is little crowdy, but one you in it all peaceful, neat and clean rooms with very good aesthatics	
Jun 6 2009 	Nice cute place	We were scheduled to travel to Agra and planned to stop by at Delhi for a couple of business meetings. My brother was trying for hotel accomodation through the internet. He had a fancy for Ginger hotels and kept trying for a room from 1 month before our visit. He did not get one initially. But on repeated attempts, there appears to have been a cancellation and he was able to book a room.The hotel is just a stone's throw from the railway station. We flew down and took a taxi to the Station. We just walked over the platform into the hotel. We got an unbelievable price and when we walked into the hotel, the warm reception at the desk and the manners of the staff in the reception reminded us that this was a Tata hotel. Absolutely friendly, courteous and professional!When we went into the room, we saw a beautiful room with a spacious bathroom. It was an unbelievable facility for the price at this location. A tea kettle with coffee and tea packs was provided in the room.In case you get hungry, there is a restaurant in the groundfloor that offered food and beverage round the clock and we had arrived late at night without food and helped ourselves to a good tasty dinner there.A nice hotel at a very convenient place. But if you are planning to stay there, please make sure that you book a room well in advance.	
Jun 3 2009 	for young independent travellers	Very clean place to sleep and have a spot in the city. Do not expect a lot. Rooms are small, claustrophobic, with single window fully covered by AC machine. Older, old-fashioned ppl are really confused when they have to deal with card locks and all those modern tools. The area around the hotel isn't too safe, quiet or clean. It is just near the New Delhi station so u can imagine all that mess around and how is it at night. But one good thing is that u have a metro station just at the corner and 24hr Comsume in it. Food isn't great but safe.	
Jun 3 2009 	Complete VFM	Nothing but the best Value for Money.Easily the best option for all kind of travellers.Id give it 5/5	
Jun 3 2009 	Best Hotel at the Best Rate	We used to visit Delhi quite often and it use to be a very difficult task to find a decent hotel at a decent price. Then the last time I was planning my trip to Delhi, I learnt that Ginger had opened in New Delhi and that to it is right next to the NEw Delhi Railway Station and so I booked Ginger. The hotel is very neat and clean and for the price I think one cannot get a better deal. They also have a restaurant, laundry service, LCD TVs in each room, etc. I think this hotel is a steal in Delhi for the price they are offering.	
Jun 2 2009 	Good value for money	Good value for money. The family room contains 4 beds. With AC, pretty spacious room with LCD TV for 1000 is too good. Also proximity the New Delhi railway station is BIG plus. Now don't have to go for the infamous Pahadganj hotels.Only issue was with respect to booking. I had done day visit booking with checkin and checkout dates as same. I had some trouble (had to wait for almost 1 hour) to get the room. And the reception staff and the manager were not polite to say the least.	
Jun 1 2009 	Convenient Location	A good value, conveniently located hotel next to the Metro and New Delhi Railway Station.It is located on the North East side of the Railway Station, taxi drivers might find difficulty in locating it!I had already checked it out on Google Earth and so we directed the taxi driver!The staff were very attentive and the restaurant was adequate. Hey, it is a budget hotel.We stayed four nights and the room was well cleaned every day.Yes, I would certainly return here, particularly if I was travelling by rail.Oh, there is also a pharmacy next to the hotel.	
May 31 2009 	if you can only find this hotel...	This was one of my worst experiences!!! I finished a whole days work in delhi &amp; had to return to this hotel in the night. The arrangement for my stay was made by my office in Mumbai. I tired calling the hotel serveral times during the day to inform them that i have arrived &amp; will be checking in only later that day, only in vain as no one answered the phone all throght the day.When i left to head to the hotel we reched the new delhi railway station, but NO ONE seemed to know where this hotel was located. I tried calling them up one again. As there was no answer &amp; since it was 12:30am i began to panick &amp; called a colleague in mumbai for some assistance. He gave me the same nos to dial but again all was in vain as no one answered.After almost 1.5hrs I finally managed to ask around &amp; we got to the hotel. I was furious. As i walked in i realised that there was absoluteley no one at the front desk, the phone too was ringing after looking around the front desk executive came &amp; asked : can i help you&quot; I gave him a piece of my mind &amp; asked him what kind of a hotel do you run. This was a chain affiliated with the TATA group.i the went to my room apart frm my bad experience, this a budget hotel costing apprx 1000rs. a night. There is no room service or house keeping. You have to dine a self service restaurant. The food is similar to your meals alavailable at a food court in any mall in mumbai. The food is average for the price.If you have a low budget then this is the place for you, if you can find it!!	
May 22 2009 	Great hotel with excellent value	We enjoyed staying at the Ginger, New Delhi. The rooms are compact, very clean and every small detail is taken care of (including complimentary bottles of water every day, wifi in each room, internet cafe etc) and the facilities are managed well.Food is available at the 24-hr coffee shop at the ground level. The service here is very slow though the food is nice. Pre-paid auto-rickshaws are available at the New Delhi railway station which is a 3 minute walk away and the metro station is 3 minutes away as well. The only issue is that auto will drop you off a 3-5min walk away on the return since the metro work has made the entire road difficult to enter.	
May 20 2009 	Value for money hotel	Good hotel to stay if you are travelling on business or work for a day or two. The facilities are minimal but adequate.	
May 20 2009	Great Value For Money	We traveled BOM-DEL by Rajdhani Express. The hotel is just oppositte the New Delhi Railway station within the station premises. Its a fine 7 storeyed building with no frills and no excellent views from hotel room. BUT it offers great value for your money.We took a family room for just INR 1000. The room had 2 window AC's, 4 single beds. The entire room was very neat and tidy. Toilets were clean. Everything worked to perfection. Any other property in New Delhi offering what this hotel offers would easily cough up 2000-3000 bucks from your pocket.Seamless check-in and check-out procedure. Nice room service. 4 bottles of mineral water and tea and coffee kits provided on a daily basis. A nice 17 inch LCD TV to take care of your entertainment needs. The quality of the beds, mattresses is very nice.The restaurant offers a very limited menu. It is something which can be improved upon.	
May 18 2009 	Best business class hotel in Mumbai	Ginger hotel is truly a business hotel for a frequent business traveler like me.They best advantage with Ginger Delhi is its location advantage.The facilities provided by the hotel are above average.I specially like the Ginger concept and now I am a fan of it.I will definitely stay with Ginger next time I am in India's capital soon.	
May 11 2009 	love the staff commitments towards service..............	it was a gud exp.. been serviced by the ginger mgt....at the cost tat i iccured i can't even imagine a service like the one i got ..................its true to say tata as the most trustable brand of world................	
May 9 2009 	Decent place - low cost	Decent place- reasonably clean and located next to the railway station.. Remember it is a budget hotel so a few things one should keep in minda) Carry your toiletries!b) Food is available but is in a cafeteria like place Had a few issues with them messing up over the bedsheets but was otherwise ok	
May 9 2009 	A Good Basic Transit Hotel	A Basic Service Hotel, right next to New Delhi Railway Station , we took a 4 Bedded Family Room as were travelling with 2 Kids and wanted a Hotel Near Railway station as we were transitting next day to Goa by Flight.As we had seen Ginger in Haridwar and Goa and were impressed with the cleanliness chose this hotel.Very Nice Hotel, Location was bit bad due to Metro work on in the near vicinity , The Railway station Parcel office etc making it very noisy and dusty. But once inside it was nice.Rooms needed a little bit more care (by guests as well as by staff). On checkin found that Soap dispenser was empty and was taken away bu housekeping who forgot to replace it. The Toilet seat is installed too High making it uncomfortable. The size of the Toilet was too small. They should have selected better wc to fit the size.Linen was good, amenities Ok, size perfect, Restaurant at the Lobby level was good, economical and good.Best part is that you can go anywhere from here due to its central Location.	
May 8 2009 	best budget hotel in new delhi	in new delhi, in area near to railway station, ginger is not only best budget hotel but with most professional management.compare to other hotels in same area with same price tag, it is the best one, all facilities like taxi, food, shopping is available nearby.	
May 2 2009 	loved the ambience	the stay at hotel was awesome with excellent room amenities.and that too economical. jus the place outside hotel is to be maintained..	
Apr 29 2009 	Basic - but does exactly what you need for 1 night	We initially booked this as we were going to be catching a train from Corbett National Park into New Delhi station (2 minute walk away). However we ended up catching a taxi from Corbett instead and our driver had all sorts of problems trying to get to the front door and ended up parking in a nearby car park! It's not in the nicest of areas, I definitely wouldn't advise walking around on your own at night.It is a standard stopover hotel, like a Travelodge or a Premier Inn in the UK. It's a pretty basic room, but has most that you need with air con, flat screen tv, tea, coffee and water. It's clean, the check in and out were simple and there's a restaurant/cafe downstairs. It's unbelievably cheap at about £14 for a night and with the money we saved here we went for drinks and dinner at The Imperial Hotel.	
Apr 23 2009 	good price	what I like about this hotel is the central location, and the attractive price for room it provides.It is basic, yet, it has what you need, and it is clean enough, although they do not provide sheets apart from the one covering the mat	
Apr 23 2009 	Well worth the Money	A great value Hotel similar to a UK Travel Lodge. We were a party of 4 -2 adults and 2 teenagers and for 1000INR a night this was a bargain. Rooms very clean with AC and a fridge and LCD TV. The resteraunt is open 24hours with good food although the staff are very rude and un anattentive. Location is great for those wanting to use New Delhi train station as it is only 2 mins away by foot. Downside is that there are no shops around the hotel and you need to get a three wheeeler in order to get to them (Connaught Place 5mins) which are available just outside the hotel. There is a pharmacy located on the hotel premises which is great. All in all if you are only needing accomodation and do not require the hotel luxuries as we were sight seeing and arriving after 9pm this is a highly recommended hotel. The hotel is quite hard to find due to construction of the metro and even taxi drivers do not know where it is . It is located next to ajmeri gate on the one way system.	
Apr 19 2009 	Decent	The hotel is decent &amp; as per Ginger standards. The rooms are good&amp; clean. Its located very conviniently esp if one wants to travel from NDLS station or arives these late at night. On the negative side its in the congested &amp; poluted area of station &amp; u cant step out for a snack or stroll if u desire.	
Apr 18 2009 	Inexpensive but know what you're getting into	My friends and I booked a room at Ginger to save some money. It came highly recommended by my friend's coworkers in Bombay. However, we ended up not staying there. On the drive there, our driver muttered in Hindi that 'cheaters go there'. Then, as we waited to check in, the fellow customers, all men, started casually inching closer to my friends and me. We were a group of 3 20-something women, and two of us are white. While we may very well have been perfectly fine, it would have been nice to know about the area and clientele before we booked the room. Later in the week, my friend reconnected with a friend from Delhi who told us it's located in the Red Light district. That reaffirmed our choice to return to Claridges.Couples, men, families - I'm sure it's a great deal. Women traveling without male companions... it might be prudent to stay elsewhere.	
Apr 17 2009 	Good Place	Good place for a 2-3 days leisure time. The room service was quick and the food was satisfactory. The rooms were neat &amp; clean.I would recommend to the viewers to stay at this place.	
Apr 16 2009 	Purely Smart Basics !!	Loved my stay here. Hotel is clean &amp; proper. Has a good restaurant as well.Rooms are self sufficient, though small if you are looking at spending more than 3 days here.Staff is extremely helpful.Located right in the Delhi Railway Station premise, so good for Train travellers. At the same time, it's away from the hustle-bustle of the train travellers at the station.However, the entrance is a little dificult to locate the 1st time around. Entrance way is crowded as well, if coming via car.Also, if you are a very light sleeper, then the Honking of the night train can disturb you. But less likely. I slept like a LOG !!General store cum Medical store in Hotel complex is fully equipped, and is priced at MRP.Overall good experience for a one-2 nite stay for work.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great value and excellent location	Ginger was just what we needed for the final 3 nights of our 3 1/2 week stay in India.It was basically an Indian travelodge, so don't bother staying if you want an authentic heritage experience, but the room was immaculate (by western standards rather than Indian) and complete with a fridge and tea and coffee making facilities, TV, comfy bed, AC, etc.The location just outside New Delhi station was perfect for arriving/departing via the station, within walking distance of Paharganj and Connaught place, and a short metro ride to Old Delhi's main attractions (Red Fort, mosque, etc.) The 24 hour restaurant came in handy for our day trip to Agra and early morning flight back to London - staff at reception were also happy to ring for a metered cab to the airport when the travel desk in the foyer tried to charge us 1200Rs to get to the airport!At 990Rs a night, this was slightly expensive than other hotels we stayed in in India but worth every penny.	
Mar 16 2009 	Excellent value but a bit of a nightmare outside	It's an Indian TravelLodge. So excellent value for money, good clean room with a/c and good clean bathroom but basic decor and a bit echoey in the corridors. The restaurant / snack bar is good (try the plain dosa). It is a short trundle across the car park and through a little gateway from New Delhi railway station. You can't leave your luggage before / after check-in but there's a rather forbidding left luggage place in the station. The hotel has a perimeter fence and a security guard. Immediately outside, you're in a horrendous noisy tide of hand carts, jeeps, motorbikes etc - or you can hit lucky and find it pretty quiet. Getting in is OK if the taxi knows the circuitous route to the entrance. Otherwise, they'll drop you right by the building and it is quite a challenge to find the way in. Expensive internet.	
Mar 15 2009 	Very nice and clean hotel but the restaurant	Very nice clean hotel with good room facilities, good location just at Ajmeri gate 100m from NDRS and metro, nice stuff - willing to fully refund one mine canceled night, but also sometimes act too bureaucratically. Hotel restaurant is a different story. It works like fast food and they had no croissants and breakfast like food at the morning even if listed in the menu. Same with fruit salad.	
Mar 11 2009 	Exceptional value in a big city!	We stayed for two nights early March and then again a week later. Both times the rooms were immaculate, we stayed in a double room costing just 999 rupees per night, the rooms are equipped with Satellite TV, kettle, tea and coffee, fridge, celan bathroom with shower curtain, these are a rarity in India! We had a problem with our toliet on the second visit but maintenance were at the door almost as soon as we had put the phone down from calling reception, and the problem was rectified.The hotel is a couple of minutes walk from New Delhi station which makes it perfect for early morning train journeys. We too had a problem with a taxi driver not knowing where the hotel was, but we also had a tuk-tuk driver who didn't know where Connaught Place was?!?!? The staff in the hotel are really helpful and work really hard to keep everyone happy, they even called Domino's pizza for us as we were having trouble with their pay phone.	
Feb 28 2009 	Value hotel in a good location	Good value hotel, Clean rooms very close to the train station. good choice for a nights stay in Delhi before your onward jurney.	
Feb 21 2009 	Absolute value for money no frills located right next to Railway station	A Compact small room with wooden flooring, clean bathroom, with a telephone, air-conditioner and a cupboard with hangers was all for Rs 999. A standard room means a Queen side double bed, whereas a twin bed room are two separate beds. There is also a category with four beds at the same price if there are more people! The rooms are small, and one could compare this with Ibis in Europe, only that dust in India makes it harder to keep the property as clean. But no complaints.There is a restaurant at the ground floor (Comesum) which serves decent food options. The location is excellent, next to the Railway station and to Connaught place, N Delhi. When we stayed, there was lots of metro rail construction happening around the hotel which made access slightly round-about. However, we could walk to the railway station early morning strolling our bags on our own (there are baggage strolleys available in the hotel restricted till the main entrance of the hotel) in about 7 minutes.The laundry service was reasonable and prompt - deposit in the morning and receipt by evening 8 pm.We booked online and check was easy too. There is a helpful reception desk. The hotel is quite busy due to the price and location, and one needs to bear with that.Overall, a comfortable and convenient stay.	
Feb 11 2009 	good value for Rs 1200	I stayed here once alone and once with my wife in January 2009 for Rs 1200. Overall a good hotel but there is a problem in getting taxi drivers to find it. Most don’t recognize the address whether spoken or written down. But I eventually go there on every ride, with perhaps a ten minute delay. It is a forty-five minute car ride to and from the airports, don’t use a rickshaw. Rooms were Spartan but spotless on both visits. The lobby was slightly less clean yet more than adequate for a quick stop over in Delhi. The restaurant had reasonable food and prices (Rs 60-100/entrée), but the menu was limited during any given meal.	
Feb 7 2009 	Ginger Hotel	Our stay at the Ginger Hotel was great. Forget expensive bed and breakfast hotels, the Ginger Hotel is a no frills, and a great hotel. Our family of 4 stayed in 2 rooms as the family room (1000INR) was totally booked. We stayed in a double and 2 singles rooms (1000INR each) for 3 days. We arrived at the hotel which is located next to the NDLS railway station. It was chaotic outside. We approached the hotel gates, security didn't let the car through (security check), we got off, and headed towards the lobby. Check in was a bit of pain as Indians don't understand getting in line to get attention. We were soon given our room keys and went upstairs. We but our bags in the trolly. THe rooms were clean, and had the basic necessities. 4 water bottles inside the room. Heater and AC were part of the room w/ remote control. TV was LCD. Internet was expensive but we didn't care as we were at the hotel to only catch night sleep. THe floor consisted of an iron table in the hallway. THe hotel at the lobby is superb. Order watever you want as they are open 24 hrs, indian/chineses/western and is clean. We ate dinner here every night as we were sure not to get sick. THe hotel also has a gym and meeting room. Newspaper free at lobby. No outside noise was noticibly. Pick this hotel if you want a inexpensive 3.5 star service. It's centrally located to all monuments, and shopping areas are a taxi drive away. Since it's located near the train statin catching a taxi/or a 3 wheeler was a breeze. Walk outside the gate and towards the train station, there you will find an office for the 3 wheelers. Tell them where you want to go and you will prepay your trip. No negotiating. For taxi, the black taxis are outside too but here you have to talk to the drivers. We took a taxi to the airport for 400INR but all intercity trip to visitor monuments/shopping were done in tuktuk (3 wheelers). Would I stay here? In a heartbeat. Save the money and use that on shopping. You are on vacation and will use the bed for only night 8 hrs of sleep anyway. I spent 3500INR for a bed and breakfast hotel on the last stay which was pathetic (house of lords), spend the money at Ginger. Make sure you prebook online if you want the Family room (4 ppl for 1000INR) as it's in HOT demand. We couldn't get the deal so we took the regular rooms for 2 at 1000INR each which is still great. Staff is super friendly, will go out of the way to help. They've even got a ground transportation group at the lobby but I thought they were expensive. A medical store exists in the lobby as well. Request a room in the higher floors for a greater view. See pics of the location. This is a gem in the city no doubt. Coming into a foreign country from the US is a headache but staying at Ginger will calm the situation a LOT.	
Feb 6 2009 	Great value for Money	Stayed at Ginger during a short trip to Delhi in January 2009 with friends. There were 3 of us, so we got the Family room which has 4 beds for Rs.1000/nightThe stay was comfortable and just what it advertised itself as - a no frills hotel. Though service at the hotel was good, there were areas for improvement. 1. The hotel provides only 2 towels in a room meant for 4 persons and you need to ask them for extra towels. The towels could be of better quality - they shed threads which stuck all over!2. Wifi/Internet access is expensive at Rs.130/hour compared to internet rates elsewhere3. The room key card repeatedly stopped working and meant a trip to the lobby each time to fix it!On the positive side,The staff was very polite and helpful. The 24 hour cafe is convenient, especially when you need to leave at odd hours of the night. The food wasn't bad either :)Having a metro station at your doorstep is really usefulThe beds were very comfortable or maybe I was just really tired. The location of the hotel near the New Delhi Railway Station and Metro station is convenient BUT it also means that road access to the hotel can be confusing, as it is in an area surrounded by a parking lot and a railway parcel area.Overall, if you aren't going to spend a lot of time in your hotel room and just need a comfortable, safe and clean place to spend the night Ginger is the place for you, but don't expect a full service hotel. There are still a few kinks they need to iron out but the helpful staff fixes any problems quickly.I would definitely stay here again the next time I visit Delhi.	
Feb 5 2009 	Good Hotel	Hotel was good and neat and clean. As I presume they are a no frill hotel where we need to fetch our water as well. I guess they can modify those a bit. The toilets and the bath does not have any buckets or mugs. If you have a kid you are in for some trouble with that. No room service or bell boys are there. Not a bad choice for a stay next to NDLS station	
Jan 16 2009 	Great value for a family of 4	We stayed in 12/2008 twice for 2 nights each in a family room which sleeps 4. The first time the room was not very cléan - but the second time it was. Great location - great price (INR 1000 per night). If you check in later or check out earlier they automatically give you a reimbursement. The surrounding area is not recommended to go for a walk.Due to heavy construction work and proximity to the railway station it does get loud if you wish to keep the window open. There are however 2 A/Cs in the family room and 2 fans.The 24 hour restaurant in the basement is OK - its clean and has a wide variety of dishes: southindian, north indian, even blackforest cherry cake ;-)The car rental service in the hotel is however a rip-off. Book your transport elsewhere. Staff is friendly and helpful. You can also get your clothes washed there. Internet access works most of the time.	
Jan 12 2009 	Nice enough close to New Delhi railway station	We pre-booked a room in Ginger hotel for our first night in Delhi. The taxi driver had serious problems to get to the hotel as the hotel is next to an enormous parking lot for rickshaws as well as the train station. However, he got us there and we were greeted by the friendly staff. Our room on the 5th floor wasn't that spacious but nice. Clean sheets, flatscreen TV and complimentary bottles of water as well as teabags and coffee. The bathroom wasn't the cleanest we have ever seen but good enough. As we were leaving for Rajasthan, we decided to spend one more night a week later. We asked the front desk staff upon checkout about making a reservation for that night. They said that there were rooms available. However, they could not make the reservation - we had to do it through the Ginger website... To use their internet access, we would have to pay more than a 100 rs for a wireless card. (1 hour costs about 35-40 rs at any internet café in town)The next time we came to Delhi, we found out that the metro is extremely close to the hotel, about 25 metres from the hotel gate. There is however no metro sign so you have to ask the guard to show you the direction. Ginger hotel is also very close to the railway station which is convenient for early morning departures but also causes noice at night. The hotel isn't five-star but for the price, it's definitely recommended!	
Jan 10 2009 	RESERVATION NOT HONORED- left stranded	My friend is stranded in Delhi because Ginger Hotel didn't honor her reservation. They had record of the reservation but there were no rooms available. It's the middle of the night, her first trip to India and I'm here in the US desperately trying to google some kind of alternative. So...BE CAREFUL. Double check that they are ready for you. Otherwise it's a great place to stay.	
Jan 9 2009	Great value for money with few kinks	As an NRI family from USA, including 2 teenagers , and traveling in India for the first time, we were a little apprehensive about our Indian travel agent's recommendation re this hotel. However, overall experience for our 2 rooms over 5 nights turned out to be excellent . We checked in at 3AM on 12/19 and checked out on 12/24 without any problems. They gave us partial credit for the 1st night, which was a pleasant surprise. Access to the hotel is cumbersome, but since we had hired a private car with a driver, this was not a problem for us.Best things were front desk svc, 24hr restaurant (cheap, lots of variety, mild food, good svc), laundry svc, cleanliness, uninterrupted hot and cold running water, free water bottles, free tea &amp; coffee, and access to a safe. We did not miss not having room service. Although the family room does have 4 beds, it is very small and quickly got congested with all our baggage. So our decision to book 2 rooms, and have access 2 bathrooms and extra space turned out be a good one. The biggest issue was inconsistent housekeeping svc; e.g. some days we got only 1-2 towels or no TP for 4 people; one day no svc at all. They always fixed the problem promptly upon complaining, but it did not have to be this way. The only other issue was night time noise at the Rlwy Stn, which we drowned out by running the A/c fan without the A/c. Also, WiFi broke the 2nd day and never got fixed, even though they said it would be fixed within a couple of hours - a problem not unique to Ginger, but commonly encountered in India.If you want a 5 star hotel, Ginger is not for you. But I would definitely recommend this hotel to any family that wants basic modern value for money.	
Jan 8 2009 	Good value for money and good location	Stayed at the Ginger New Delhi, mainly because of the location - it was a few mins walk to the train station and metro line so that is why we chose it.Overall, it was really good value for money, clean hotel and friendly staff.ROOM - room was an adequate size, wooden flooring and clean. The bathroom was a wet room but I found the toilet was a little high - such that when you were sat on the loo, your legs wouldn't touch the floor :-)The complimentary water provided in the room was really good and a nice touch.SERVICE - there was a restaurant bolted next door to the hotel with access from the hotel which served food which was great as it meant we didn't have to start hunting around for breakfast.LOCATION - it was very conveniently positioned which was handy as we were catching the 0615 train to Agra so we just had to hop out of bed, and walk to the train. The location meant that you could hear the station announcements and was noisy at times, but we were in a city after all, so noise was expected. Ear plugs are something I now carry with me at all times!OTHER - there was a little room which had complimentary water, iron and ironing board, and newspapers which was nice to have.COST - very good value for money - can't fault this hotel on this!Overall, I would definitely stay again, great little hotel, clean, good value for money - what more to do need! By no means was it the Ritz but it was functional - just what we needed!	
Jan 5 2009 	A good value hotel in Delhi	I choose this hotel after extensive research of hotels in Delhi.The thing that finally swung it for me, was that is was cheap.The selection of hotels in Delhi swings from the cheap to the ridiclious.The Ginger seemed to be a hotel that served the purpose of being a safe,clean bed for a couple of nights.We flew in from Goa, for a couple of days of sightseeing, a day trip to Agra and then onward to Jaipur.This hotel was adequate for that purpose.The good points were, clean rooms, serviced daily, on site 24hrs cafe, close to the new delhi railway station, great for catching the shatbadi express at 06.15 to AgraThe bad points, the construction work of the metro makes the area chaos, a taxi ride from anywhere else, you over look an interesting area!, expensive wi-fiConclusion: If you want a good value, clean hotel in Delhi, the Ginger hotel is a good option	
Dec 3 2008 	Value for Money	Surprisingly Rooms at Ginger Hotel was available for the dates that I was traveling to New Delhi. it was an hazel to reach the hotel, with all the construction work going on around it, and its location near the station gave jitters. All these was only till we reached to the hotel. The people at the reception were friendly and the room, pretty clean and tidy. Could not say it was big, but was sufficient for 2 persons. The only point of concern was the food at comesum restaurant housed inside, the food was just edible! though the live music at the restaurant was pretty good.Overall the hotel is complete value for money	
Nov 22 2008 	Excellent Value	This is the best value hotel I've ever been to. Its thoroughly modern, with all the basic facilities (including payed Wi-Fi at rooms). The location is good too, with Metro station right outside, and one metro stop away from Connaught Place (i.e., 5 minutes). Also, its easily booked online. The downsides - the shower area is a bit small, and the beds are very light (which can be a bad thing if you want them to stay put). Its also quite busy just outside, due to the railway station (Indian Railways, not the metro). There is no room service, though the affordable 24 hour restaurant Comesum is decent.	
Nov 10 2008 	best thing about the hotel is self service .. loved the ambience	i have recently gone through a very fantastic service in the hotel industry in india..the service provided to me was through the hotel ginger in new delhi..the system of help yourself is catching up fast in india and much to my delight the price of the hotel is fair enough to shell my wallet.	
Nov 8 2008 	Leisure at very low cost	I usually go on my bussiness trip to New Delhi. I prefer to stay in in Ginger Hotel. It has all the facilities that any four star hotels would have . Moreover easy to check In. Good Bed and superb guest service	
Nov 4 2008 	Excellent Value for money	Excellent value for money.. Neat and clean. Within the New Delhi Station, hence a great choice for people travelling to or from there. There is a 24 hour medical shop and a vending machine for those late night hunger pangs. All of this for less than a thousand bucks !!	
Oct 30 2008 	Superb! Best choice at New Delhi Train Station	We have been there in Sept 2008.It is directly located at New Delhi Train Station.Cleanest hotel we had in whole India in this price range around 1000Rs. Reservation by internet or phone. TV, a/C, 24h warm water, clean linen.	
Oct 23 2008 	Excellent Deal..	No one could imagine such an excellent stay at the heart of New Delhi.I stayed for 4 Nights. The room was perfectly Clean. I will definitely opt this hotel again if I visit Delhi againThe Price was the great attraction. It cost just 1000 rupees. But It gave the facilities &amp; comfort of 4000 Rs room. Superb.. Real Value for Money	
Sep 15 2008 	More than Value for Money.	This is a new Budget range Hotels from Tata Group operated with the brand name Ginger and Tata Group also owns the Taj 5* Hotels in India &amp; Abroad.An existing 7 Floors Rail Yatri Niwas which was managed by Indian Railways has been handed over to Ginger Hotels to run the Buget Hotels and it has been refurbished completely and opened in August 2008. With the Hotel Pricing at 1000-1200 for AC Room with LCD TV, Mini Regrigerator with small but neat and clean rooms you cant ask anything more. The biggest surprise was even a 4 Bedded Family Room also was priced at Rs. 1000 with Two AC's. They have WIFI Zone, Mini Gym, 24hrs Restaurant, Vending Machine and also a 24hr Pharmacy Center within the complex. I had seen around 15-20 International Tourists staying at this place. The Rooms are with Dark Shades with basic interiors and Hot &amp; Cold Water. No Room Service is provided and they manage with few staff and thats where they are able to cut down the costs. However compared to other Ginger Hotels this one is priced at much lower rate I guess it could be because of the agreement with Indian Railways because they have provided the Land &amp; Building.	
Jul 20 2009 	Parfait pour un aterrissage en douceur		
	Grand hotel indeed!	*Grand Godwin is a fantastic hotel, such great value for money.*Our first night was in a Super delux, as our room was not ready. It had a hairdryer and fridge and was slightly bigger than the delux we had for the rest of our stay. It also had a blocked off window so it was really quiet. The delux was road side and a lot noisier.*The beds were fairly comfortable and the rooms were very clean.*The restaurant is 24 hr and the food is great. Good breakfast too.*Godwin in central location between old Delhi and Connaught place so easy to get around.*One of my favorite hotel's on my India trip.	
Nov 3 2009 	Awful service from managment	Stayed there last year when Delhi was the first stop on the India trip and I wanted to make sure that we had a reservation somewhere before we arrived. The rooms were OK, not splendid (relatively clean, though). Substantially overpriced, however, compared to those in hotels on the same street (including those with larger, nicer, cleaner, rooms). We were there for several days, so re-negotiated the price after the first day based on comps, but then the management did not honor that when we checked out. I am Indian, but grew up in the US, and my travel partner was American, so not sure if this was because of tourist gouging or just horrible service. Anyway, if you make any agreements on price, make sure you (a) get them in writing and (b) have management sign off immediately, or you're screwed.	
Nov 2 2009 	Comfort and Location	Stayed at the Grand for one night on our way through Delhi to Udaipur. Have stayed here before for longer stays. Our room was comfortable and clean, check-in was quick and easy, and Wi-Fi is available. The roof-top restaurant offeres an expansive breakfast. If you've never traveled in Asia the neighborhood can be disconcerting at first. But the Grand is an easy 10 or 15 minute wald to the train station, and a quick tuk tuk ride to Connaught Place for some shopping.	
Oct 27 2009 	Good hotel	Good hotel in a nice area, near metro station and interesting spots. Especially having breakfast at the roof top in the morning is really nice.	
Oct 17 2009 	Decent value	I enjoyed my 3 day stay here. Room service was very kind, food was excellent and the room was clean. It's centrally located and in an interesting area of Delhi. Only negative is that I had constant trouble with Internet (they gave me my fee back).	
Oct 16 2009 	Probably the best hotel in Pahar Ganj	An excellent choice near New Delhi Station. We first stayed one night in room 402 at the beginning of our tour of India. Very clean, large and comfortable room. Very good breakfast. At the end of our tour of India, we first stayed one night at Jyoti Mahal Guest House which we left because it was dirty and we went back to Grand Godwin Hotel for 2 nights in room 207 which was a little smaller than room 402 but as clean and comfortable as room 402. Price of the room : INR 2,812.50 per night breakfast included. It is true that the neighbourhood is noisy but in the hotel, it is very quiet. They have a taxi service to the airport which we used. Good service (price: INR 350 for a non AC car for a drop off at the airport). No doubt for us : the best hotel in Pahar Ganj.	
Sep 18 2009 	Ok-ish	We had a semi deluxe room; we had booked it on their website a month in advance. We arrived late at night and it took a while for them to find our booking confirmation. The room wasn't too bad, by no means spotless, the usual peeling paint etc but it was pretty clean compared to some of the dives we had previously stayed in India. The restaurant was OK and b'fast an interesting buffet affair but not awful.	
Aug 22 2009 	surprisingly nice 	Ok, when you get there, you are, at first sight of the neighborhood, quite...frightened. Don't be: get off your car, make it through the crowd, the dirt, the unpleasant smells, the COWS, the motorcycles and the rickshaws and let the doorman open the door of a peaceful all-in-white-marble lobby. Service is efficient (god they are ALWAYS cleaning for real!), rooms are not too small, when they say triple rooms they actually mean THREE beds (which is not so common in 3-stars-indian-hotels as i discovered), AC is working just fine. No view. Funny elevator.Breakfast is not very good (don't bother trying to get something else thant a Nescafé in 90% of indian restaurants&amp;hotels), but you can get eggs, fruit juice,tea, toasts etc no problem. I would advice to give it a try to the roof-top restaurant, non-expensive and tasty(try the Biryani, the best i've ever had). Don't forget to ask them NON SPICY, it will still have enough of flavor.	
Jul 28 2009 	BAD SERVICE	I made a reservation weeks before arriving in Delhi and specifically asked for a driver to pick me up because it was my first time in India. They sent me a confirmation with booking and pick up driver but upon arrival on the airport nobody was there.	
Jul 24 2009 	a popular choice in the area	This is the best and also the most popular hotel in the area. The main reason lead us to book there in the first place is so we can catch the early train to Agra, and late train back from Jaipur. Other than that location does not matter so much as Delhi's landmarks are quite spreadout, you would need to get a car from places to places no matter where you stay. The hotel travel desk can arrange a sedan for a very reasonable price. We take full adavntage of that, and used cars for three days to save the hassles of negotiation everytime getting into a local transportation. Overall, we are quite pleased with our stay. The room is decent, but bathroom could be better equipped to avoid the floor getting wet so easily. The roof top resturant is not bad, the breakfast was better than we expected (as we read bad review about it before we went), and dinner is even better.	
Jul 22 2009 	bad	dirty, shaky, shady and old.... absolutely inadequate for most travellers. perhaps ok for some very low budget low demand backpackers and some locals....we left it on the second day to find another hotel and fortunately Incredible India guys helped us greatly with rearranging hotels for us in different cities. It was especially great to have them help us in the middle of the night, when we arrived from the airport first day. Note that initially whole trip was planned by myself without any help from them or other tourist agency. I ran into them at night, when looking for the hotel and they helped.	
Jul 18 2009 	Terribly dirty and tricksters	The bedroom was terrible, very dirty and we found some cockroaches in the bathroom.The receptionist was a trickster, we booked it in advanced paying and they didn't keep our reservation, when we arrived in the evening we found that our room was sold and they tried to give as a lower category room for the same price, after one hour of argument we got the room we had booked.The breakfast wasn't good.	
Jun 27 2009 	Grand Nightmare	wow, I am writing this from the lobby of the hotel unable to sleep because of the infernal noise from constructions going on in front of the hotel and my room. What an awful place! Stay away at any cost. When I arrived, my reservation wasn't honored. However, they offered me a &quot;better room&quot; for the first night. They don't actually have the room they offer and want to make you pay extra. Given the roon isn't really expensive it is not much , but the attitude behind that makes you feel not welcome at all. Well, I won't pay extra...They don not appreciate your business. The place is located in the slum areas around Delhi central station. Exiting and interesting! I'll be looking for another hotel tomorrow, don't waste your time here.	
May 11 2009 	Poor - not nearly as good as the website/reviews made out	As per other reviews, at booking it promised a free airport transfer. After informing the hotel of our pickup time, car didnt' arrive, called up and was told that we had to pay extra and that the car would be with us in 45mins if we were willing to wait - forcing us to get our own taxi and make our own way there.Area around the hotel is utlra poor. True this is where the budget hotels are but it's pretty dire, no pavements on the roads, did not feel safe even though we were a group of three. Was promised internet access in the rooms for 50rupees per night, only to find that internet actually only works on the ground floor in the lobby, so anytime I had to use it I had to sit in a lobby full of ppl to use - not what I had in mind. Rooms are ok size, there is no bath just a wet room shower, and it's clean. Breakfast on the roof top is poor, only the omlette or cereal is worth eating, the milk had congealed fat in it. Coffee is instant coffee that you make yourselves. Travel desk - gave us a taxi which had a dodgy driver, took us to too many places (bazaars without asking, fake government travel agents that we didn't want to go, in the end we had to send him away - no refunds tho. Overall the interior of the hotel is clean, but location, breakfast and staff service terrible. Don't trust the staff too much.	
May 10 2009 	Well sited	Although located in a street full of hotels, the Grand Godwin is different from most of the others in that the attractiveness of the lobby/reception follows in the rooms. Many of the hotels have a nice lobby but the rooms are not so nice. The Grand Godwin has perfectly fine rooms, although the bathrooms are a little compact. Not a problem if you don't mind the water from the shower going all over the bathroom. I guess they don't mind cleaning it up! It's well located for convenience to New Delhi train station..great if you intend to travel around India by train. The area around isn't much to look at but then again, it's only 5 mins from the Metro (5 mins from there to Connaught Square or Chandni Chowk etc). The restaurant is basic but we didn't use it apart from breakfast time. The inclusive breakfast is limited but adequate to stave off the morning pangs of hunger. The staff are pleasant and helpful and internet access reasonabely priced. It's an ok place to stay and your stay is unlikely to gave rise to any complaint. The price is a little on the high side though.	
May 6 2009 	Mixed bag	Generally great... clean, smart, good location but.. generally little niggles.Firstly the food (especially breakfast) is utterly dire. breakfast is a buffet set up and was cold and generally quite disgusting. You are better off trying to get a discount by getting a room without breakfast. Evening meals meanwhle are overpriced and nothing special, you are better off going out to eat.Our delux room was extremely comfortable and easily the cleanest place we stayed in India, but had no window and had an annoying dripping tap.i found the service to be good.One thing, and I am being pedantic but... laundry is overpriced and then it all comes back with a number written in marker pen on each individual piece that even now, 6 weeks later refuses to come off. It was also late coming back, turned up with extra items that I sent back.. and was promptly charged for anway.	
May 2 2009 	Surprisingly nice hotel	After reading the reviews on tripadvisor, I was a bit hesitant to book this hotel. But it was surprisingly nice, and the staff were very helpful. Our room was clean and modern, as were the lobby and the elevator. We stayed there twice, and both times the hotel arranged taxis to the airport that were reasonably priced and worked well. The restaurant was quite good (for breakfast and dinner), and open 24 hours, which was great because we arrived very late at night. Our room faced the street and was rather noisy, but that's hard to avoid in Delhi.The hotel is located in the Paharganj section of Delhi, and walking the streets of Pharganj is quite an experience. The sidewalks are very narrow and often covered with street vendors, so it is usually necessary to walk in the street, with heavy traffic consisting of autorickshaws, trucks, cars, motorcycles, cows, bicycles, and pedestrians. We also stayed at the Prem Sagar Guest House in the Connaught Place section of Delhi (and I just posted a review of that property). Connaught Place is much fancier than Paharganj, with wide sidewalks, Western clothing stores, and easy access to the Metro. But the Grand Godwin was a much nicer hotel than Prem Sagar at a significantly lower price, and the Paharganj experience seemed more like the &quot;real India&quot;, so I would definitely recommend Grand Godwin over Prem Sagar for anyone who needs a place to stay in Delhi.	
May 2 2009 	unprofessional and unhelpful staff	It the damaging for me when i was arrived in India. I booked the hotel , they inform me your pickup is free at the time booking. But there is no taxi for me at airport in midnight. When I reach the hotel. Guy behind the front desk was sleeping. Next day I book the taxi for Delhi sightseeing hotel book the taxi. He charged very high price to me 50USD. Breakfast quality is very bad. They charge me the room rent also high 1800INR + 22.5 Tax for one day. I check the room rent out side of this hotel was 800INR double and single with breakfast. 50% paid to touts and autoriksha drivers. I can't recommend to any single lady, couple, senior citizen to stay this hotel	
Apr 23 2009 	Amazing hotel!	Okay, so the hotel lacks a little character, but it is extremely clean and well equipped. However, the overall package is what impresses me the most. The staff are attentive and courteous, and when I had a problem with a scammer who stole my money (a crook that sold dodgy airline tickets) they went out of their way to help me. The General Manager is a saint and even when dealing with this from the UK, he is always there to answer questions and he truly has been doing all he can to help me in this situation. They seem to really care about what tourists think of their country, and have been quite disgusted by the behaviour of this individual. I really cannot speak more highly about this place, and will always recommend it. In an expensive city like Delhi, it also very good value, too.	
Apr 22 2009 	Great value hotel	The hotel is conveniently located about 2 minutes by tuktuk from the train station. I chose this hotel because I needed to catch a few train from the Dehli Train Station. The staff arranged airport pickups for us twice, and they were always there waiting for us. they were firendly and attentive. They also arranged a tour and a pick up at the Agra train station, and it was well worth it. The rooms were clean as well as all the bed sheets, and comfortable. The hotel is located on a popular street were there are other hotels. They have room service, internet access for a small fee, and included breakfast. I'd recommend this hotel especially if you are looking for a place next to tre train station.	
Apr 19 2009 	Impressed	My partner and I stayed at Hotel Grand Godwin just a few nights ago during a holiday in India. The hotel was lovely, very grand and beautifully decorated. We opted for the deluxe (rather than semi-deluxe room) for 2400 rps a night including tax and breakfast. Our room was great - clean, comfortable and cooled with a vert quiet AC system. The staff were friendly and efficient, booking an airport taxi for us and arranging for breakfast in our room at 4:30 am before our flight! Although the hotel says the breakfast is 'continental' it included much more than croissants and coffee. They had cereal, fruit, an egg station as well as a full range of Indian dishes. At 9:30am, when my partner and I hadn't shown up for breakfast yet, a member of staff came to our room to check we were okay! We had one evening there meal which was also good, a little pricey compared to elsewhere, but tasty. The hotel's location is fab, on a busy street in Parhaganj, about a 3-4 minute walk from the train station and from the main bazaar street. As with most Delhi hotels, it wasn't quiet at night - you could hear people out on the street outside, but it wasn't so bad that you couldn't get to and stay asleep at night. Overall, very impressed.	
Mar 18 2009 	A good hotel in a good location	We stayed at the Hotel Grand Godwin at the beginning and end of a three week trip to India. We were really impressed with the hotel it was well located, the rooms were a good size and clean and the breakfast served at the roof top restaurant was particulary good. The hotel is a 10/15 min walk from the main bazar or a 20 rupee cycle rickshaw ride and a 10 mins walk from the train station, an auto rickshaw ride to Connaught Place is approx 50 rupees. We used the hotel taxi service to collect us and take us back to the airport and we found the staff really helpful.	
Mar 18 2009 	Very clean and good price	Very clean hotel room I found in New Delhi with Fare price. The staffs of the hotel, specially the front office are very helpful. All kinds of Delicious Indian foods are available. We had wonderful friendly service. My room is only US$45 per night with break first. Hot water is available. A/C and big TV worked my room. Secure airport transfers and sight visit tour arranged by the hotel. Only the thing is surrounding of the hotel is too crowded during my stay.	
Mar 8 2009 	A super find in the heart of Paharganj	This place is a clean, friendly oasis from the teeming madness outside. All the staff were friendly and helpful and the rooms and linens very clean. A 'super deluxe' was 2500Rs per night and I had a big room with tiled floor, TV, coffee making stuff and an ensuite. It was a bit noisy outside, but it did quieten down a bit at bed time, but this wasn't a huge problem once the ear plugs were in place... The breakfast buffet on the roof terrace was fine although I didn't sample the evening cuisine which was available. There was an internet connection available on the ground floor, a travel desk who organised a taxi for me at a reasonable cost and an exchange desk. The hotel is only a ten minute walk from Connaught Circus along a straight road under the flyover that carries DB Gupta Road and is also round the corner from the Main Bazaar with internet cafes, small shops and cheaper hotels and guest houses.	
Feb 7 2009 	Budget hotel not very clean	I booked this hotel on recommendations from other reviews. I am a bit surprised at the reviews that give a 3 to 5 star rating. I have traveled extensively and can say that this hotel does not deserve anything more than a 2. Stayed 3 nights and the biggest problem was the cleanliness of the room and in particular the linens. I read in previous reviews of others stating the same. The bedding on both beds had many stains and soiled areas and seems to have not been washed; bathroom was also less than adequately clean. I had a room on the back side of the hotel only to be kept up all night by barking dogs; they moved us the following day to a room that had no window. Another concern (as also in other reviews) was the fact that upon check-out I also experience the front desk asking for more money although this room was prepaid including taxes. I firmly stated I would not pay and they backed off. Location is desirable for good access to Delhi train station.	
Jan 30 2009 	Comfortable well run hotel convenient for New Delhi Station	We stayed three times at this hotel in October/November 2008 using Delhi as our hub to explore northern India. The hotel's airport transfer is expensive, much better to use the pre-paid taxi stand at the airport (you learn this after the first time).The noisy /dirty side street location of the hotel is a bit off putting, but inside it is clean and comfortable and efficiently run. Do not confuse this hotel with the Godwin Hotel next door which is truly awful but run surprisingly by the same owners. We were informed that it is due to be demolished and rebult in 2009. The rooftop restaurant of the Grand Godwin is clean , nice staff and the food good. The included buffet style breakfast was very good. Rooms are well furnished , hot water and aircon all worked as did the cable TV (some rooms have wide screen).There is free wireless internet in the hotel lobby or you can use the hotel computers for a small charge. Best of all, it is a 50 rupee auto-rickshaw ride (5-10 mins depending on time of day) to the New Delhi train station and not too far from Connaught Place.The hotel gets booked out so best to book ahead if you can.All in all a good place to stay and fair value by Delhi standards.	
Jan 23 2009 	Good for Price	We arrived at 3 am and after battling with a pre-paid taxi driver who suddenly couldn't find the hotel arrived with the [--]. They had us sorted and in our room. We didn't much like it so next day requested to change and did so to a front street facing room which was fantastic. The breaky was great and hearty and the restaurant even served pretty good dishes for lunch. The location is the only issue. If your female expect heaps of hassles and expect heaps of poverty. My partner was never comfortable walking the streets at night and so we only travelled by autorickshaw. If I went again I wouldn't stay in Old Delhi... and that's coming from someone who always likes to stay in the guts of things. They organised us a driver for a day at a reasonable rate. Expect to tip at this hotel. Many hotels have communal tipping jars which is better.. pain in the ** to have to constantly stick your hand in your pocket and to have to scrounge for small notes with this in mind.It was a lovely hotel and clean.. very clean. I still would recommend it though. Pretty good value for $.	
Jan 20 2009 	Safe landing spot to get over culture shock	Reserving mid-range to budget hotels is rough in India, but we managed to book through laborious direct email process (bring print out to prove payment, you're likely to need it). Aside from normal odd Indian stuff, this relatively bargain hotel is fine. Delhi is a shocking, dirty din at first, so this hotel was a nice safe haven for us. The rooms were clean, bathroom okay (Indian budget bathrooms you take your chances), nice people working there, and a good spiral staircase is I think where the &quot;Grand&quot; part comes in...anyway, we stayed a second time when we passed through Delhi again for a night, so there you go. Indian breakfast buffets not my favorite thing, but this one was as good as any we've had so far. Hotel Grand Godwin isn't a place you'd stay too long, but just fine for arrival and regrouping a couple of days, or a stopover. We aren't the youthful backpacker types and we did well enough here. It won't do if your the oBeroi/Taj kind of traveler, but otherwise, go ahead and stay here.	
Jan 7 2009 	Great service at the Grand Godwin	Our time in Delhi would have been miserable if we had not stayed at the Grand Godwin hotel. Our room and the service were really good. The breakfast on the rooftop restauant was fantastic. No other hotel I've stayed at in India does breakfast like the Grand Godwin.Our room was serviced daily and we also had a newspaper delivered every morning.The travel desk was helpful and able to sort out travel to Agra and back. We opted to hire a driver for Agra and were really glad we did this. No hassle at a reasonable price. We also hired a driver for the day to take us to Delhi fort, the Crafts museum and Santushti shopping mall.The hotel is at a good location. We were able to walk to Connaught Place to shop at Fabindia and the official Cottage Industries shop and beyond. You really didn't need a rickshaw or taxi for this. Just keep walking down the road!	
Jan 2 2009 	threw out my reservation	Don't bother making a booking. If the hotel is full, they'll give away your room to anyone walking in off the street. You can confirm your booking, tell them when you will arrive, leave a copy of your passport, do everything they ask and they still will not hold your room for you.I watched them give away a room 5 mins (!) after a guest booked it - in person - while he was down the street getting his luggage!At the hotel next door they told me this happens several times a day, every day.The staff at the GG reception is positively useless.	
Dec 20 2008 	Very good hotel even more so for the money	Great hotel to stay at, in the less touristy part of paharganj but does not suffer from it.The roof top bar is good too.Rooms clean, beds comfy.Will be going back to this hotel when I return to delhi.	
Dec 18 2008 	Perfect locations	Great location very close to New Delhi train station which was perfect for an early morning train journey to Agra or anywhere else. The hotel is on a street that runs parallel with the main bazaar but isn’t directly on it. The main bazaar street is the centre of Paharaganj and is where a lot of the guest houses, bars and restaurants are. Only takes a few minutes to walk there but quite nice to go back to your hotel to escape from it. Location great as a good base for the first visit to Delhi and could easily get a rickshaw to sights.The main bazaar has great shopping for your typical traveller - short/long trousers which lots of European women travellers wore and a really good buy, bags, incense sticks with loads of other things. If you’ve been to Thailand then this is the closest thing to Khao San Road. More hectic as is all of India and less bars but the closest thing in Delhi. There’s also the most amazing jewellery shop that’s the best in everywhere we went in India. It’s like an Aladdin’s cave and I could have stayed for hours.You can also buy the Indian bangles that are everywhere. There’s a lady that sits in the fork in the road and she has some great colours for about 30 rupees for 15. There are quite a lot of places to eat and drink but we found that if you trust the lonely planet you cannot go wrong. We ate first at a bar called The Gem Bar on the straight part of the main bazaar. The staff were really friendly and the food was OK but as the book says we would recommend this more for a drink rather than an eating place. Again following the book’s advice gets you a good restaurant and the Metropolis is a great choice. It’s also a hotel and from what we could see it looked OK to stay and was our second choice if we couldn’t stay at Grand Godwin. Nice rooftop restaurant and the butter chicken was lovely. Again it’s a nice break from the hustle and bustle of the street.The Grand Godwin hotel includes breakfast and the freshly cooked omelettes are a good start to the day. The hotel will look after your valuables behind reception which is handy and they do change money but there’s another place down a side road opposite that does a better rate. There’s a TV in the room (not that you need it), a hot shower and the standard room and perfectly big enough.Would recommend it for anyone on their first visit and especially for the station.	
Dec 4 2008	Surprisingly good accomodations in New Delhi	During our month-long journey through India, we were in New Delhi on 3 separate occasions. It's unfortunate we did not discover the Grand Godwin until our last stay. For starters, the hotel is a short walk to the New Delhi train station. It is also a short autorickshaw ride to many New Delhi sites such as India Gate, C.P., and museums. The rates are good, the rooms are clean, and if I remember correctly they offer complimentary breakfast.All in all, one of the better values in New Delhi!!	
Nov 23 2008 	Ejoyed our stay at the Grand Godwin	We booked one night at the Grand Godwin, our first night in India as well as the airport taxi. (which was worth it). If our experience was good and there was no &quot;extras&quot; charged by the staff we would book 3 more nights after two days in Agra. Our experience at the Godwin was good, even great and we are very glad that we stayed 3 more nights after Agra. This hotel seems to be really trying to teach their staff about service and what a western tourist might be used to. The more you engage their staff, the more they are friendly and try to help. The rooms are nice and include wide screen tv's. The breakfast is delightful on top of the roof and all other meals we had there were good as well. Dehli is one crazy and intense city but staying at the Grand Godwin was a delightful experience.	
Oct 11 2008 	Okay hotel but you get what you pay for....	We just returned from a trip around India and stayed at the Hotel Grand Godwin for 4 days. The room was clean and nice but I'd be hard pushed to recommend it.We stayed in room 203 (no windows) and were constantly woken by the noise of other people showering in their rooms (noise came through the air conditioning shaf above our bed).When we went to leave (at 6am), the hotel staff tried to charge us an additional fee, saying we owed a luxury tax. We showed them our email receipt as we had booked through their website (which clearly stated our online payment was inclusive of all taxes) and they still continued to demand an extra $40 in rupees. It took them about 20 minutes to begrudgingly agree that we had actually paid everything.This really left a sour taste in our mouth and we can only imagine that they try this trick on most people in the hope of getting extra cash.	
Sep 16 2008 	Really great hotel in paharganj close to everything	We went to India for a wedding and stayed in Delhi in the Grand Godwin before and after. For almost all of it, I am quite satisfied with the place. The rates are great and the staff (most but not all) are friendly and helpful and gracious. You may experience difficulty when you make an arrangement with one person currently on duty and then face another person on duty the next day/later in the day who has no idea of the arrangements and refuses to accept it. Perhaps ask for things in writing, signed.Nevertheless, the hotel is wonderful. Their travel desk, though probably more expensive than hacking it yourself, is worthwhile when you consider the &quot;hassle factor&quot; e.g. getting off at a train station and being mobbed by touts/taxi drivers/etc. The place is clean, the rooms are wonderful and the bathrooms are very good with hot water. The food is really good and the breakfast buffet is totally worth is. I would advise anybody going to Delhi to stay in Grand Godwin. We saw some Indian people staying there as well so obviously locals also consider it worthwhile.It's well placed in that it is within walking distance of the New Delhi train station as well as the New Delhi Metro. If you're up for it, rather walk there than get a rickshaw/taxi as they'll charge you tourist rates to go really close. You can catch the Metro to many major places and even Karol Bagh and Connaught Place (shopping). The Metro is really very nice and worth using to travel around Delhi (though not in rush hour and watch out for pick pockets). Some areas are not yet serviced by the Metro but it is ever expanding.We had only 2 incidents worth moaning about at the hotel. We were three in a room and one of us was leaving at 8am for their earlier flight. The bathroom door became stuck and she couldn't get out. Eventually we had 5 guys from the hotel in the room trying to get the door open (it was 10 minutes before her taxi was arriving to take her to the airport). They realised the urgency and broke the door down. However, the rest of us only left at 4pm and there was obviously a shift change and the new guys apparently didn't know anything about the door. We had gone off in our taxi when they phoned the driver and asked him to bring us back to the hotel to answer for the broken door. They wanted us to pay. After some &quot;heated discussion&quot;, someone relayed the information that the door had become stuck and that we weren't at fault.Also, a small tip, try and avoid the number 3 room on each floor (103,203,etc) as this is directly across from the supply closet where the staff member on duty (any of them) will noisily spend his time playing cell phone games, chatting loudly to other staff, packing and cleaning, at all hours of the day and night.Nice benefits: the plug with multiple types cell chargers already installed in case you forgot/misplaced your charger; aircon; hot water; free cold sealed mini-waters on arrival; nice tv with loads of channels; room service any time of the day or night; travel desk.	
Sep 9 2008 	Rooms are clean but organisation 	Hotel is ok but the team is a very big problem. If the manager is not there it's not possible to find a solution. Twice we had to pay more that was agreed. If we didn't we have missed our planes.Whatever is your agreement on the prices, even by mail, they finally oblige you to pay the standard prices. As people at the reception change regulary during the day, you never meet the people you dealt withI met people at the reception that was upset because they have booked on the net, but reception didn't book the rooms. And the hotel was full ... One day There was a girl arriving at midnight, she had to find an other hotel, despite her booking !	
Aug 16 2008 	Very good hotel	We arrived to Delhi and took a pre-paid taxi for 200rps, we had a little argue with the driver as he was very rough with us, so I didn´t give him any tip and he wanted to hit me........ you will notice that the people generally is very rough in Delhi. We apparently book a luxury room at this hotel for 50 euros a night so the gave us a suite and I the room was so good, a room that you can find in a 4 stars hotel in europe, with plasma tv and etc... I saw the standard one and is nothing to do with the luxury one, so I recommend you to book the luxury one for 10 or 15 euros more, you won´t regret. The room was very clean and the hotel installations very good. The restaurant small but good food, and the serve a buffet breakfast very good. They also have a travel agent who can arrange you a pre-paid taxi or any other thing you need for a reasonable price. The hotel is located in the heart of the city, close to cannaught place and the railway station.The only negative thing is that when was the time to check-out and pay, the recepcionist told me that the credit card machine didn´t work, who I didn´t believe, so as we didn´t have enough ruppies to pay the bill we had to pay in euros, with this transaction they rise the original price because the exchange, so I think they are use to do this with the foreigns to make more money, so if that happens to you tell them that you have no other way to pay and force them to use their credit card machine, what I should have done in that ocasion.If you take a train to any other place, once you buy the ticket and go straight to the platform to wait for the train, do not show the ticket to anybody who ask you to see the ticket because there are so many cheaters who seem to work at the station but they will try to take you to a travel agency to sell you a new ticket just by telling you that your ticket is not valid, Do not believe them, just wait for the train to be called and get in. It is incredible that in India as you are a tourist everybody will try to rip you off, so be carefull and have a look on the travel blogs to see the experiences and taxi fares of the other people who have been already.	
Jun 17 2008 	A pleasant Surprise	Long but helpful review.I have been to Delhi on a number of occasions for my personal business and on each visit, I have tried to find a new hotel that meets the following formula: best hotel + cheapest rates. Now this, for those who have been to Delhi, or any part of India, know is virtually impossible. Hotels in India are VERY expensive. A 2-Star hotel in Toronto (that's where I am from) would be classified as a 4-Star in Delhi, with the price of a 5-Star in Toronto. So when I hear or read other reviews from people who have not been to any part of India and expect so much, I can't help but smile. So here is my advise to everyone from N.America or UK or Australia or NZ or any first world country: don't expect too much.....even if you have to dish out $200/night. Don't expect the hotel that you will have booked your room in to be like one of the hotels in Toronto or Chicago or Auckland or Melbourne. Unless of course, you are willing to pay about $400-500/night. Having said that, you could get lucky, as I did on my last trip to Delhi last month (May 2008).On my previous trip to Delhi in December 2007, I stayed at the Mehga Sheraton in Karol Bagh. Apparently, the owner of this hotel (Naresh) owns two other hotels not far from each other: the Mehga Sheraton, the Madonna and third hotel I cannot remember. The Madonna is the &quot;top-of-the-line' from all three with rooms at about Rs.5000/night (US$ 110.00 @Rs.45 a $). The Megha Sheraton that I stayed at was around Rs. 3300.00 The room was small, the bathroom smelly, the couch stained and lots of noise. And, get this, the site advertises &quot;Free internet&quot;. But you have to go to the Madonna hotel to use the internet, the one I was staying at does not have it. So anyhow, on my last trip to Delhi, I found this gem of a hotel. The Grand Godwin (or maybe it's the The Godwin Grand). Now again, don't compare this to a hotel in a first world city. But for the price of Rs. 1800 (US$ 40.00), this hotel was twice as nice as the Megha Sheraton and lest than half the price! Finally, I had found a gem. The bathroom was clean, the room was spacious, the service excellent, the hotel itself (rooms, lobby) very clean. And it had wireless internet that actually worked! The hotel also has a sister hotel, The Godwin, located right next to it in the Pahar Ganj area. The Pahar Ganj area itself is not very clean. Its crowded, congested and smelly. But because I was out most of the day and in my hotel at night, it didn't really bother me. The New Delhi Railway Station is about a 5 minute WALK from the hotel. Connaught Place (locally known as CP) is a downtown core with plenty of shopping and restaurants and is about 5 minutes auto-rickshaw ride from the hotel. For those people who are on a budget, I strongly suggest you check this hotel out.A few tips about travel to India.1. DO NOT trust information about hotels on their websites. Most of the time, it is misleading. For eg. the Internet scenario at the Mehga Sheraton on my Dec. 07 trip.2. Most hotel managers (not all) will smile, bend over backwards for you and while doing that, will empty out your pockets. Be smart and ALWAYS negotiate.3. When planning a stay in a Delhi hotel (or any hotel in India) NEVER book through any online consolidators (Expedia, Travelocity, etc) even if it is a few dollars cheaper. You have to pay in advance for the number of days that you will be staying and should you not be happy with the hotel after your first night, you are stuck! And recovering any money would be a nightmare, if not impossible. Best thing is to get the tel. number of the hotel, call them and book a room for 1 night. Try it out and if you don't like it, you can change the hotel. Of course, the risk with that is they may not have rooms available for more than one night. But if you are travelling during off-peak months, you should be alright. Some of these hotels, when booking, will ask for your credit card info. I normally don't give it out and almost always pay by cash.4. Peak months in Delhi: November to February. Pleasant weather. Between May and September, it is very hot and generally off-peak months. During these months, you can most likely negotiate room rates.5. Most hotels charge about 12% tax on hotel rooms. Be sure to ask if the rate you are being quoted includes tax.6. Ask questions. If you are told &quot;there is Internet connection&quot;, ask if the Internet is in the same hotel that you are staying. If they say they offer wireless internet, ask if it works. I am saying this from experience.7. Be polite to the locals. They work very hard and are very poor. They have less than 10% of what we have in N.America or other developed countries. Negotiate with them (for eg. the rickshaw people with cycles who transport you) for the best price. But then when you arrive at your destination, give them a little more. Many times I had travelled by these rickshaws and see them sweat as they work their way through traffic and in the heat. I normally give them about Rs. 50 more than what they had asked for. And the look in their eyes, the gratitude they display just melts my heart. For me, that Rs. 50 is fractionally more than a dollar but for him, it will feed his entire family for that evening. Be generous, at the same time, be wise.8. Finally, go to India with a totally different frame of mind. Don't expect things there to work as efficiently as in your own city. When things don't go right (and believe me, there will be many times when they won't) bear it, tolerate it and laugh it off. When you say &quot;well...back home things are done this way or that way or this fast&quot;, you will end up having the most miserable time of your life. India is India! Period. End of Story. Be open minded and enjoy. It took me a long time to figure this out. Earlier when I used to go to Delhi, I'd want to come back back to Toronto after 3 days! During my last trip, I went to India with a different frame of mind and enjoyed my stay. Or perhaps it was the euphoria I experienced when I found the right hotel (?)Anyhow, hope this has helped, and enjoy your trip. I will be going back in October 08 if anyone is planning a trip to Delhi around that time wants to hook up.	
May 20 2008 	A clean well-maintained hotel with reasonable rates	At last! a clean, well-maintained hotel in Delhi with reasonable rates. After 5 weeks of travelling through India, it was so comforting to find clean linen and a well-maintained hotel where everything actually works! The hotel is on a busy street close to New Delhi Railway Station, but the rooms are quiet. Booking was a breeze with the excellent website. I paid $35 for a single including breakfast. Strongly recommended.	
Apr 24 2008 	Adequate rooms poor service	The room was reasonably clean but not free of the occasional scurrying cockroach. The hot water facilities were pathetic but otherwise the bathrooms were clean and functional. The room service was a consistent problem; I had to call to get the room cleaned. The night staff at the reception were rude and ill-trained. My offense apparently had been to check out at 6:00 AM and thus trouble their normally scheduled program of doing nothing. It should've been Monthy Pythonesque funny, except it wasn't. Word of advice: establish your superiority in the pecking order quickly and firmly, else the staff will be inclined to take you for a ride. The over-friendly tourist is an exploited tourist.	
Apr 4 2008 	Great hotel w/ wonderful restaurant	We stayed at the Grand Godwin, not the Grand Godwin Deluxe.This hotel is a great value. The hotel lobby is snazzy w/ marble and a glass elevator. The room (single, Deluxe) was on the smaller side but was clean and nice. The bathroom also was clean. It has fast internet in the lobby. The restaurant on the top floor surprised us because it had really wonderful food and I think we had our best meal of India there! Altogether, a great value. I paid $42 for the night. It was very, very reasonably priced. I would definitely recommend this place to people who are looking for a good mid-range hotel.	
Mar 16 2008 	Good location	A block away from the Ajanta where we had stayed at the start of our tour, we decided to try this place on our way through Delhi to the South. Modern bedrooms and helpful staff. The 2000rps cost included a good breakfast, but not an airport pick-up. There is a taxi service desk in the lobby.Good value for money	
Jan 14 2008 	Good hotel Excellent Value	What a good stay. It is really difficult to find a well priced reasonable hotel in Delhi. 5 stars go for $400+ and all the rest just have very mixed reviews. Of all the hotels this looked like the best on trip advisorand was also mentioned in Lonley Planet.They did not disapoint. The hotel cost $50 for two for the night, so brilliant value. The hotel was clean, very nicely appointed and service good. We were in room 309, a little noisy (but we slept fine) from the street, but we wanted to look out. Just ask for a room on the side if you need very quite sleeping time.Great location, between new and Old Delhi, right next to Connaught Place and New Delhi station.We also booked a driver for the day through the hotel and it was excellent value rs650 for the day, 8hrs or 80km.Breakfast was fair with a nice selection was offered on the roof. (no views)Bathrooms and shower all in one but worked well, and this seems to be common in India.If you are looking for nice hotel and are not wanting to pay much this hotel will deliver far more than you expect.Staff were friendly (except for reception).Auto rickshaw to Connaught pace will be about rs100. I think this was too much but out off all the places in India you need to watch out in Delhi. Just set a price before you leave and if you are comfortable with it, it may not be worth the argument for an extra few cents off when you convert back. Much better than I expected	
Jan 13 2008 	Bad experience	This hotel will aggressively try to sell you as many things as it can in terms of guided tours, etc. The lobby is nice enough - and that's all they show you on their website. The room was dingy and smelled. When I asked about going to Agra, the hotel tried to book an exensive guide/driver and would not give me directions to the Delhi train station as an alternative - because there was no commission in it for them. They also said no trains were available - which was a lie. I was promised an early breakfast because I had an early check out and was not given the breakfast. There were other problems and the staff was unpleasant to deal with.	
Jan 13 2008 	Watch for bait 	Nice and clean hotel but do not prepay! They raised our rate when we got there although we paid a month before arriving with a credit card through their website. They gave us an 'employee room', not the superior room we booked until we paid an additional amount. While we were there every night there were travellers at the reception yelling at the front desk managers because they were asking for additional money vs. the prepaid amount so this seems to be standard practice for this hotel. The staff is not friendly and not accommodating although this scam goes against all international hotel reservation rules. Even when you show them their internet printed receipt and E-mails they won't give you a room until you pay an additional amount. This is too bad because otherwise it's a nice hotel.	
Jan 8 2008 	Decent hotel in Delhi	We had travelled to India on a previous trip and stayed in the same area, Pahar Ganj. This is the rundown, cheap traveller area and a bit of a shock if you haven't been to India before. However, the area was safe to walk around and a convenient location.We arrived late at night and were quickly checked in and brought to our room, a couple of minutes later we were called by the front desk and they had given us the super deluxe room instead of the deluxe we had booked and paid for. They said we could move the next day. After a great nights rest and breakfast at the hotel we had our bags ready to move, but our new room wasn't ready and we wanted to go sightseeing. The hotel had no problem with us staying in the superdeluxe room until later that day. Overall the rooms (both the deluxe and superdeluxe) were a great size, with clean bathrooms. The staff was very helpful and always pleasant. I recommended this to other travellers later in our trip and they stayed and enjoyed their stay as well.	
Jan 6 2008 	good choice in Delhi	This hotel was quite a good experience for us. It is certainly not fancy but more than adequate. The rooms were clean and the hotel staff were organized and helped us with our travel arrangements. We found accomadation in delhi to be either too expensive or cheap and got very strong negative reviews. This place is close to the train station which is handy and had good food at the restaurant. They picked us up from the airport our first night there which was great and had all our train tickets and flights booked and ready for us the following morning. We made prior arrangements which saves alot of hassel especially if you are short on time, everything books up fast so plan ahead either on your own or through a good agent. In all honesty Delhi is not a place where you will spend alot of time. Its a big dirty city with alot of noise and poverty however this hotel for us was a good place to stay while in transit to other places. We stayed in both regular rooms and a suite for one night. There is litle if any difference between them so opt for the cheaper rooms as you will probably not be staying long and its really not worth the extra expense. The area is close to a tourist market which is okay and there is some restaurants there. If you are choosing to stay for more than a day or two you may want a nicer place closer to tourist spots but for a day or two its a good choice for exploring and transit through delhi.	
Nov 25 2007 	Dingy hotel	Room was very dark and dingy with only one window that lead to a concrete wall. we also had a guy outside our room all of the time who kept spitting. try to avoid as they clearly don't clean the sheets	
Oct 30 2007 	Only with Caution.....	We booked to stay here 12th October 2007 on our first night in India, then again for the 20th - 22nd October 2007 for our last 2 nights.We were picked up at the airport on the 12th October at gone midnight, and fair play to the driver, he waited a good while for us because our plane was delayed.The check in procedure is a bit lengthy, but we eventually got checked in and taken to our room. Room seemed clean on first inspection, but arriving at that time of night, we didnt really have much choice. The sheets to the bed however were really disgustingly dirty, but we'd thought ahead and brought our own sheets and pillow cases.Our real problem with this hotel came with our &quot;CONFIRMED BOOKING&quot; for the last two nights of our holiday. I called to check the reservation, after hearing of other peoples hotel problems, and was told that we had no booking, that they had never heard of us and that we had never previously stayed at that hotel. Which was news to us!!!The chap on reception told us (rudely) that there were no rooms free, but if we came to the hotel there might be (this we didnt understand at all). I asked for the reservation manager, who is the only person apparantly who could use the computer system, to call me and explain what was going on. Needless to say, he never called, and we found somewhere else to stay!Incase you're interested the other place we stayed at was a b and b in the Defence Colony and it was really good - orchidretreat-bednbreakfast.com.So if you are planning on staying here, bring your own sheets, check your booking several times and dont be surprised if they deny you exist !	
Sep 15 2007 	Rude and unprofessional staff	I tried to check in to the hotel but encountered unprofessional, discourteous and rude staff at the front desk. I was asked for a picture ID and I gave my international driver's license. The hotel manager sent it outside the building to get a photo copy. I waited for over 20 minutes to get back my license. Meanwhile, I paid the advance for the room and my personal details were entered in the hotel register. When there was no sign of the hotel staff returning with my license, I was told that the license will be delivered to my room and I could now check in. But I insisted that I get my license back before I move in to the room since I did not want to take any chances with it. At that point the hotel manager told me rudely that my ID was not good enough and wanted a copy of my passport. I was told that his name was Joginder Sharma. I expressed surprise at his behaviour and called for his supervisor who apologized and offered to help me check in. But Joginder Sharma kept on arguing that he has to follow the rules of the hotel. I asked him why he accepted my driver's license for an ID if he needed the passport and he did not have an answer. Needless to say, I refused and moved to another hotel.	
Mar 10 2007 	Ok	My friend and I stayed in a &quot;suite&quot;. The room we were given had no window. We asked to be moved to a room with a window, which was only granted the next day. Both &quot;suites&quot; were clean and fairly spacious. The showers were open (no door/curtain). The toilets were a bit dirty but ok. You generally have to lower your standards when staying in India. Breakfast was served on a roof terrace. The selection was modest but tasty. The hotel provided cheap Internet access. Beware when checking out: I paid with Visa card and I was told that I had to pay a fee for using the card. I refused and in the end I did not have to pay the fees.	
Mar 10 2007	Great Hotel	Review prepared by two senior citizen couples that have traveled extensively in the far east and limited their hotel cost to between $20 and $40 US per room per night. Stayed in this hotel on two occasions for one night each at a cost of $42 per night per room including breakfast. Found hotel to be excellent. Rooms were clean, of sufficient size, central air conditioning and heat, central hot water, and met all our expectations of a hotel in the city. Bathroom was fully adequate. Breakfast buffet on roof was adequate but not extraordinary. Hotel personnel were friendly, courteous and very professional. Hotel is located near New Delhi train station on a street that has an estimated 30 hotels. The Grand Godwin appeared to be the one of the newest and best. Ten minute taxi from Connaught Plaza. Recommend hotel highly and will stay there on next trip to Delhi. Hotel has own website and recommend booking directly through it.	
Mar 2 2007	Beware the pubic hairs!!	We originally stayed in this hotel for a few nights in Jan after being recommended to it by a couple we met at another establishment. They had pre-warned us that the sheets, although apparently cleaned, did have some mysterious stains - as if they'd been stored on a floor, and that was certainly the case. However, having seen and heard many horror stories about Delhi hotels we figured that wasn't too bad, and at least the showers were hot, it was conveniently located to New Delhi station and breakfast was included (even if it was fairly ropey!). So we decided to book it for our last night in Delhi before we flew back to the UK. Well, that was a mistake. First they claimed that they had no deluxe rooms booked - even though they'd confirmed our booking via email only 2 days before - and tried to charge us for the a Super Deluxe room. When we refused and pointed to where they'd handwritten the correct room booking in their reservation book, they agreed to charge us the rate we wanted - which was lucky because Super Deluxe and Deluxe are exactly the same! Sheets were revolting - covered in pubic hairs and clearly not laundered in between guests. We demanded they replace all the bedding and towels, but even then the sheets were still covered in hairs. It was all so gross I barely slept. At 1500 rupees it's not a cheap hotel for Delhi so I would definitely recommend NOT staying here, EVER!	
Feb 18 2007 	good value	We arrived early morning to Delhi and a lift from the airport was arranged via the hotel (good idea especially if you come for the first time to India). We had no problems to get a room immediately (but double check at the reception the check out time to avoid paying extra). The room was fine, perhaps not up to European standards (good cleaning could help). Staff was rather helpful. The best was the restaurant: quite cheap and really good (the most important: no problems whatsoever afterwards).As regards location, it is only two minutes walk from the Grand Bazar and the New Delhi train station and certainly the street is slightly less crowded that the Grand Bazar. Overall it was not a bad choice, especially compared to other hotels in the area.	
Mar 15 2006	Average Hotel	Our stay at the Grand Godwin was simply average. Its located in the back street of Delhi and looks like a &quot;dodggy&quot; neighborhood. Only the day manager in the front desk seems to be helpful, the others don't seem to speak or understand english. Their travel desk is too expensive. Avoid using them if you can. The rooms are clean but the washroom do not have bath tubs or proper shower areas. If you are looking for clean washroom, DO NOT stay here. Its quite basic but cheap.	
Feb 2 2006	OK Hotel Can dDo Worse and Can Do Better	Currently staying at the Grand Godwin Hotel until 4th Feb 2006. Booked directly after finding their home page.The hotel is situated in the back streets of the Paharhganj district of Delhi.As the reviewer from Canada has stated they d have internet acces but i have just been informed that they charge 25 Rupees per hour and not free as he has stated or as it states on their card.Service in general is ok. Loads of touts once you set foot outside the hotel doors. They also have a Travel and tourism desk but the bloke who runs it seems a bit of a dodgy character. We paid 550 Rupees each (2 of us) for a tour of Agra, Mathura and Brindravan. Sure that we could have got it cheaper.So much to write about but not enough time.Rooms are ok but the Super Deluxe rooms dont have fridges and so you can't chill your drinks etc.	
Jan 9 2006	best value	This small, friendly, cheap, clean hotel is by far the best option I found in Delhi in the 3-star range. Conveniently located next to the train station, it's the perfect place to stop while traveling through Delhi. They have an internet connection that doesn't work superbly well but is free. And you can make cheap phone calls abroad. The restaurant is very decent.	
Aug 24 2009 	Hotel correcto pero no contrates nada con ellos...		
Aug 11 2009 	Habitaciones buenas personal incompetente		
Jul 26 2009 	Optimal		
Jun 24 2009 	buen hotel en paharganj		
May 10 2009 	El Mejor Hotel De Pahar Ganj		
Mar 28 2009 	Mal accueillis et salle de bain basique pour le prix		
Jan 24 2009 	Buena opcion		
Dec 6 2008 	Grand Godwin-halbwegs guter Platz als Zwischenstopp		
Nov 26 2008 	vraiment bien		
Aug 31 2008 	Aceptable		
Aug 24 2008 	Très satisfaisant		
May 10 2008 	Buon rapporto qualità prezzo		
Nov 9 2007 	Hotel normalito		
Feb 12 2007 	unzuverlässig		
Oct 25 2006 	nie wieder		
Aug 22 2009 	Hasan M. Abu-Narr Abu Dhabi UAE	Excellent Hotel and Brilliant Staff with reasonable price ... I stay in the hotel from 20 – 21 August 2009. I came to New Delhi to do a professional exam at Ramnath House Yousuf Sarai Community Center. All staff was very helpful and cooperative … especially the receptionist. I would like to thank Mr. Prithive (receptionist) for his help and advises. Many thanks. Hasan M. Abu NarrAbu Dhabi , UAE	
Aug 11 2009 	Excellent Staff. Very Courteous. Accommodative. Careless Owner.	I am very pleased with the staff. Staff is very courteous. The owner/management is lucky to have such a wonderful staff. It is not enough to have good staff. The owner/management should have good outlook and try to improve the condtions. Air Conditioning is not adequate, Staff maintains the rooms and bath rooms to their ability. But the owner/management should care to update the fixtures. Any bath tub or commode will go bad inspite of regular maintenance. It has to be replaced at one point. Similarly the Air Conditioning. If the owner/management can wake up and replace the old fixtures with new once at least oncer a year, this hotel can get more than 4 stars. But for now this is a 3 star or less.I give 200% credit to the staff. The restaurant is good. The staff in the restaurant is excellent. This hotel was arranged for us by GetsHolidays.Breakfast is included. We had to leave the hotel early morning by 6:00 AM to go to places twice during our stay. Since we went from US, we were only trusting the food at the hotel and were affraid to buy any thing on our way (in Dhaba etc). We requested the kitchen staff to pack some breakfast for us. They did an excellent job by packing toast, jam, muffin and fruit. I really appreciate the efforts taken by the staff to pack the breakfast in such a neat manner for us. Even though the hotel is away from the central Delhi, it is in a quite neighbourhood. Close to Delhi IIT and AIIMS.Since we were there in July the weather was un bearable. It was very hot and once we go out we sweat. Even though we travel in an air conditioned car, once you step out you sweat. We had vacate the room by noon. But requested the staff to allow us to take shower once we came back to pick up our luggage that we left in their cloak room. They were kind enough to allow us to take shower before we left for the Air Port.Overall this is a nice hotel and I would not hesitate to go back again. I would highly recommend the hotel to others.	
Jun 6 2009 	Very Good	I stayed here for almost a week while attending a conference in the same hotel.Found the place quite good in terms of the rooms, amenities, facilities like the restaurant and conference setup. Large rooms and a great buffet in the restaurants were definite plus points.One negative factor is that the place was a little bit far from for example the city centre. Otherwise it was good.	
May 10 2009 	Value for Money	We wre around 18 doctors stayed in Grand sartaj . execlent Hospiltality given by staff neat n clean place to stay at reasonble price. Food was execlent . Parking a little problem. Good Interior .	
Dec 29 2008 	Dirty and overpriced	We stayed at this hotel for one night, out 1st night in Delhi, it was a horrible experience.It is close to a main road, but not within walking distance to anywhere, very noisy all night!Bugs in the room.The breakfast was terrible and overpriced.We were booked at this hotel for another night after our tour and our last night in India, we did not stay here as we couldn't bring ourselves to enter this hotel again.	
Nov 3 2009	extremely helpful	Our first stop in India, looks nothing but comfortable rooms and well sited for shops and sights. The staff couldn't do enough for us, we left our safe open in the room while we went for breakfast and the boy making up the beds drew it to our attention when he could have easily helped himself. Also when my husband was struck with Delhi belly, pretty inevitable, they immediately let us have our room for another night and made all the phonecalls to tourguide, taxi etc. for me which was a great relief to me. Very clean so I don't think he caught it there. Restaurant a bit pricey but some european food on the menu.	
Oct 23 2009 	Don't Do It	When our car pulled up it appeared to be an abandoned parking lot. The outside of the building looking like it was being prepared for demolition with scaffolding covering the entire front of the building and the building looking old and decrepit.Upon entry through narrow make shift entry we were told to take a seat without being informed why as it was 3 hours passed check in time.After waiting ten minutes with no one approaching we were served a cold drink on a coaster that had been used many times before and had the stains to prove it.Finally a staff member approached to say the room wasn't ready just yet. The request was then made by ourselves to see the room first. Shortly afterwards we were told we would receive an upgrade and room would be ready in another 10 mintues. We were escorted to the 16th floor to where it was clear the lobby matched the rest of the hotel in being old and lacking maintenance. Whilst walking along the hallway paint in large areas could be seen peeling off the walls.Upon entering the room initial presentation looked okay. When looking near the window the white curtain was extremely dirty below the glass . An inspection of the bathroom revealed an old bath and shower in one and then on looking at the sink, human hair could be seen. We immediately requested to see another room to which we were told we would have to wait further. We waited in the room given for about 40 minutes before being moved to the 20th and top floor. The room slight better presented than the other still showed many signs of age including a horrible repair on the side of the bath that was all blistered and cracked.Later in the evening we received a recommendation from the front desk for an indian restaurant and confirmed we would a taxi with a meter. The staff member said he would tell the taxi directly of the address after I asked for the address in case we got lost. Instead of telling the driver he passed it onto the front door staff.When we walked outside I heard a loud speaker coming from next door and could see some taxis parked around the corner (these taxis are repeatedly used by the hotel). Not long after a very old taxi struggled to pull up and as we got in the driver, a boy lucky to be 18 was hurriedly putting on a blue shirt and clearly had been asleep. The front door staff told the driver three times of the nearby restaurant it was very clear to see he didn't know where it was yet they allowed him to leave. We left the hotel and not 200 metres up the road the driver stopped the car and run off to find directions. He returned 2 minutes later, proceeded to drive on the wrong side of the road and then tried to tell us a fixed price. As soon as possible we got out and walked back to the hotel. On the way back the driver was following telling us he would take us for free. Upon our return to the hotel, we immediately complained about the situation where another staff member lied to us and told us the fixed price was the mimimum price. (later the price it would be not even 60%) After being questioned further the staff member agreed the rate should be by the meter. This clearly brings the question of corruption and hotel allowing the taxi's to charge more and makes you wonder about kick backs!!! Not nice when the hotel is being deceptive and trying to rip you off. Finally another taxi was arranged and after we refused the same driver another was found. This driver again to our dismay did not know where the restaurant was and after stopping for directions several times gave up and dropped us off somewhere near the restaurant where we walked around for 10 minutes getting directions before finding it. (turned out it was not difficult to find and close to where we were dropped off except we were sent in the other direction)The following morning whilst using the shower my wife slipped over in the slipery bath which had not bath matt. Breakfast was ordinary with no chef there to cook a fresh omelette or eggs which is standard in every good hotel. Then we waited for 15 minutes for the lifts to leave the building. With only two lifts for the guests they cannot cope, so much so that we later found out one of the lifts jammed a full load of guests were actually stuck in the lifts for 5 minutes. After all this we checked out 2 days early what a bad hotel. This hotel claims to be 4 star, it would be lucky to be a 3 star!!! Find somewhere else it's old, service poor, it's dirty and smells of corruption!!!	
Sep 23 2009 	Great hotel. Perfect launchpad from which to see Delhi then return and unwind.	Delhi and the Hans Plaza was my first stop in India. I had no idea what to expect, so I was pleasantly surprised with this hotel. First of all, it's ideally located. You can hop in a tuktuk for 40 rupees and be at Connaught Place in under 5 minutes. The hotel itself is a tall tower, I think 17 stories if memory serves. The facade is undergoing some mild renovations, nothing major. The interior is spotless, businesslike, and modern. The rooms are really pleasant - excellent quiet AC, nice linens, modern furniture, plasma TV, safe, great views of the city, and a clean marble/granite bathroom with iron, blowdryer, etc. It's extremely comfortable and clean. A+ overall.The restaurants are on the 2nd floor. The amazing thing about this hotel is free Wifi if you stay more than 2 nights, and also buffet breakfast (excellent) and a meal voucher for two people every day which can be redeemed all day, anytime (including after midnight). The meal voucher includes almost anything off the menu, and the portions are huge. Excellent food overall, first rate kitchen they are running.Overall, an excellent hotel for the money and the perfect place to see Delhi from. It's not uberluxurious, but if you want a clean, neat, modern spot to come back to and shower/sleep, it's perfect.	
Aug 26 2009 	Centrally Located 	This is one of the good hotel located centrally in New Delhi. Very much in the heart of the city i.e, CP. View of the capital city Delhi from room’s window is marvelous. You can have a bird’s view &amp; that is the most important point of this hotel. Its away from airport but near to railway station.Rooms are clean, well decorated. Food is OK but very costly. Its recommended for business trip.	
Jul 10 2009	A good place to stay in Delhi	We liked all the positive aspects described by other reviewers. I liked the restaurant with a view of trees.Its only a short walk to circus area with shops and restaurants, its not the wild west as described by a previous reviewer and apart from crossing the busy roads its safe.There are also some good views across the city looking toward the train station in the distance	
Jun 2 2009 	Customer friendly attitude of Hotel Staff	This Hotel located in the Heart of the City is best suited to travellers whether on a pleasure trip or business.Staff extremely attentive to your needs and my room stay was extended when they realized that i had an evening flight to catch and my room was also automatically upgraded from executive to deluxe upon my arrival.really appreciate their efforts.	
May 21 2009 	Loved the Room and Location	We had been to a conference in Delhi, We happen to stay at this hotel for two nights. This was my fourth visit to this hotel. Every visit of mine was same with warm welcome. They serve welcome drink on arrival. The Rooms are on very higher floor with view of the city. It is just excellent. If given a chance to travel to our national capital I shall surely stay with this hotel on my every visit to Delhi	
May 4 2009 	Great experience	It was a great experience at Hotel stay. Staff and service was excellent. Location of the Hotel was good. Close to shopping area CP of delhi.Timing and quality of breakfast was good.Overall it was a nice experience	
Apr 24 2009 	Pleasant stay	My office arranged for the hotel accomodation for this trip and i did not expect to have a hotel room on the 18th floor. The view of the busy roads of Delhi was quite a sight. One can't help thinking that Delhi is lucky to have such wide roads with four to six lanes on each side.The room size was adequate but the carpet could do with some vacumming. The house keeping surely could improve and the standard is clearly indicated from the towels that are kept for use.The food however is good. And the location of the hotel is central.I would recommend this hotel as a pleasant stay provided the stay is not for more than 2 days.	
Apr 19 2009 	Good location; warm staff	Have stayed at this hotel about 5/6 times during my business visit. Centrally located, very good restaurants, clean rooms and overall a very nice place to stay. My frequent visits were good enough for me to get upgrades.	
Mar 29 2009 	Excellent clean hotel in cental Delhi	We stayed in the hotel as part of a package and it was very good. They upgraded our room as we were going to be there for 9 nights and the rooms on the 19th floor are big and clean, although the lifts a little erratic. The location is certainly central as it's only about 10 minutes walk into Connaught Place and 5 to the nearest tube, but there is hassle the moment you step out the door! The restaurants are good although a little on the expensive side. Breakfast a mix of indian and western food so should be plenty for most tastes. Transfers weren't included in the deal so as we were arriving at 5.30am local time after a 15 hour flight I e-mailed to arrange a pick up. They charged a whooping 1,400 rupees for this whereas local taxi companies charge normally 400 rupees so worth e-mailing one of the reliable companies in Delhi instead.	
Mar 21 2009	First Hotel experiance in India - loved it	The hotel was part of a tour package. My room was clean, the bed comfortable and staff very attentive to this tired travlers needs. Although the outside noise could filter up to my top floor room, one pull of the drapes and all was blocked out. Highly recommend.	
Feb 23 2009 	Comfortable clean hotel in good location	Excellent hotel although slightly overpriced. Clean comfortable rooms. Great location. Helpfull staff, but extras such as tours organised through the hotel more expensive than at other hotels we stayed at.	
Feb 9 2009	Very nice hotel.	I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights for the start of a 3.5 week tour of India and was pleasantly surprised.The room, although not very large, was beautifully appointed.Nice, clean and modern bathroom.The breakfasts were great. Interesting Indian food as well as continental.Good location - close to the (very clean and modern) metro line.I would certainly consider staying here again.In my opinion it was an excellent introduction to India.	
Feb 8 2009	Book through their website not over the phone or via a third party!!	After perusing tripadvisor and seeking a place in downtown Delhi for 100$ and quality, we found this one. I checked out their website and found a rate of 102$. Couldn't believe it so I called them. They quoted my 260$ on the phone. I told them that they're site was 102$. They agreed. THIS WAS JANUARY 2ND LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. I then went to expedia and bla bla and they all quoted over 200$. So, I booked online.Then, after I booked, they sent me an email if I had any special requests. Great service! I asked for two housecoats, some slippers, a good bathtub, and a high floor. No problem.We arrived at around 6pm and sure enough all of our requests were met.The room is wonderfully clean with a great bed and good room service. The rates are all fine and it really is a 4 star.The location is gold but still a rickshaw is required as there are plenty of pathetic touts around the hotel. We had two follow us to 'practice thei english'so I just took a photo of them and walked up to a police officer. They ran. I just asked the police officer the time, but anyway, it worked.Great place, very clean, and honest front desk people. incredible price and the best accom secret in Delhi.	
Feb 1 2009 	We enjoyed this hotel but asked to change rooms	We have no idea what we actually paid to stay at this hotel for three nights as it was part of a package that included airport to and fro transfers, transfers to train to Agra plus Agra (Taj &amp; Fort) tour with a guide. Having said that, given the overall package price I think it was very reasonable. We got a guide one day to tour Delhi itself then the other two days were arrival and Agra so we did not see much of the surrouding area of Connought. We did speak to some guests who thought it was fine to walk around the area and they said they felt safe both during the day as well as the evening. There is a pretty good mixed Asian/North American breakfast buffet (included) so anyone should be quite happy. The lobby is pleasant and the staff were always helpful. When we arrived and were shown to our room and we were really disappointed. The bed looked so small I knew that two of us could not comfortably sleep in it for three nights! The room was also very small and if there was any window it was not immediately obvious. It may well be that is what we paid for - so hard to know what they actually book for you in a package and call a double room, but the porter himself made a call and the next thing we knew he took us to another huge room with a king bed, huge corner window views complete with loveseat and it was great. There was no additional charge when we checked out so I think the hotel is pretty decent for doing that. Big difference between the room though so try to check to see what it is you are getting. Often a double room is simply a double bed - not even a queen and many are not used to that! This hotel was only a few minutes drive to the train for Agra as well.	
Jan 10 2009 	Stayed Twice During a Recent Vacation	A perfectly acceptable hotel. Nothing special, but clean and modern. Good central location.	
Dec 7 2008 	Clean hotel helpful staff convenient location	Firstly you need to look beyond the exterior of the hotel, which is absolutely terrible and in serious need of updating -- the inside of the Hans is clean, well looked after and the rooms are well furnished and a reasonable size. They are also high enough away from the street to shield you from the incessant traffic noise outside (remember, this is the centre of Delhi).The staff speak good English and were helpful and attentive to our many requests, at any time of day or night, including helping to dress a saree for the wedding we were attending. They are also generous with providing complimentary bottled water, which is a must in India.The complimentary breakfast is of a good quality, runs until 10am if you don't want to get up too early, and the choice is reasonable. The hotel restaurant offers both Indian and Western food and the standard is quite high.The location is convenient, being 5-10 minutes walk from Connaught Place. But be warned, it really is a walk on the wild side!! Despite being right by a supposedly upmarket shopping area in the nation's capital, you should be prepared for manic and downright dangerous traffic, beggars, thieves, wild dogs roaming the streets, people constantly trying to sell you trinkets or get you into a rickshaw, dust, dirt and pollution that hurts your eyes and throat. Suffice to say, we only tried this walk once.In summary, the Hans Hotel is rare in being a good quality mid-range hotel in a convenient location. If you really have to go to Delhi and don't want to run to 5 star prices or risk somewhere more downmarket then this is a good choice.	
Nov 29 2008 	Excellent place to stay at while touring Delhi	After a disastorous start to our trip to Delhi with a different hotel, we booked into this hotel at the last minute.Excellent staff, excellent rooms and service.Rooms are on par with a 4 star hotel in UK and all the amenities were present, like table, chairs, flat screen tv, nice king size bed,safe etc.The walls are quite thin so you could hear next door which was the only down side.The breakfast was included although it adequate and not spectacular.Overall good place to stay to explore New Delhi.	
Nov 16 2008	Good start to a tour	Located close enough to many restaurants and shops but the hotel floors are high enough that you are not disturbed by traffic noises. Very clean and nice hotel. Excellent breakfast.	
Nov 9 2008	Stayed here November 2008	Stayed 2 nights at the Hans Hotel in November, 2008. Didn't actually stay in the room much, as I was on tours all day, both days. This is one of the least expensive, but nicer hotels, though the Deluxe room is a bit small.The problem I had is that I called Housekeeping 3 times to bring a power adapter, as my universal kit does not fit the power outlets in India. They kept saying &quot;yes&quot; but it never came.	
Nov 6 2008 	Looks Belie The Facts	We booked three rooms for our family members on our way back to Auckland after the marriage of our son in Amritsar.The hotel looks okay but the office staff are terrible-eg I get a call at 11pm one night asking me when will I settle the hotel bill !The Italian Restaurant meal had a fly cooked in our fried egg- miraculously they did not charge us for that meal. Kaffe restaurant meals and staff were the best thing this hotel has got.Showers in the room leaked, toilet paper was rationed as if there is a world wide shortage.On my advice a family has this week cancelled their booking at Hans Plaza- it is well located but the charges are like a five star.	
Oct 23 2008 	Terrible customer service	This hotel is in the heart of the city and centrally located. However that customer service is terrible. There were so many issues including the additional dollars they charged for a cancelled night. The manager was least helpful if trying to work with a customer who has been to the hotel before. Yes the hotel is close by the train station and in the middle of delhi, and the price is not bad. However, the customers are paying for a service, which is not there. From the bell hop, to the front desk clerk to the manager and the restaurant staff, there is no hospitality. I am not going to stay here anyone.	
Oct 21 2008 	Not worth the money	I stayed at the Hans for one night because it was close to New Delhi Railway station. I was told by the front desk who checked me in that I was upgraded to a better room so was happy. Upon initial entry, the room seemed good enough and worthy of the 5 star rating of the hotel (As well as the high price for India).However, as soon as I looked at the bed I found that three of the four pillows on the bed did not have pillow covers, and two of the four pillows had horrible yellow stains on them, not a good start. Also, I found some tiny insects walking on the bed sheet, the room wasn't bright enough and I did'nt have a flash light but I am fairly confident they looked like baby bed bugs. The bathroom only had one towel, and the shampoo bottle was already opened and previously used. If this were a budget hotel I would not complain, but this is a five star hotel and is the most expensive hotel I stayed in India, but was by far the worst. There is also a lot of noise from the street, some people may say this is India, but I stayed in other hotel that were very quiete at night.	
Sep 30 2008 	great hotel	stayed 2 days in the hotela great reward to end your trip in indiathe best hotel i have ever beena bit expensive for india but worth it	
Sep 17 2008	Really good hotel but a bit overexpensive	This hotel is located at a great location close to Jantar Mantar and a Metro Station. We were served with drinks upon arrival and even our rooms were upgraded to a bigger one. The food is perhaps the best that I've had in New Delhi; The food served at the Kaffa restaurant at the Hans is better than all of the Five Star Hotels that I've stayed at in New Delhi even though it is only a Four Star Hotel. The staff was friendly and cooperative and the rooms were EXTREMELY clean. The decor was soothing to the eyes. The buffet breakfast was also excellent...I recommend their doughnuts especially.The downside is that the food and beverages were ridiculously expensive and service charges were astronomical; In fact, The Intercontinental The Grand (which is just a stone's throw away from this hotel) is actually cheaper to the Hans in this regard. The airport taxi that we requested was also unbelievably highly priced for New Delhi (About 1200 rupees). Cellphone reception was also terrible as my Airtel line was continuously searching for a Network except at the door's entrance.But I had a wonderful stay and look forward to come back to this hotel someday.	
Jun 7 2008 	Reasonable Stay...But be careful of the details.....	The Hans Plaza is a clean and centrally located hotel which offers one a sense of comfort at what seems to be a reasonable price for Delhi ($150 inc. taxes per night). Overall staff was very friendly - but one has to be careful of a few things:1. There are vast differences b/w the different rooms with regard to confort and age of beds etc. Also, ask for room facing North-quieter and better view.2. If everything goes OK- then things are great - if not - it is hard to get satisfaction. We received a room where the airconditioner &quot;bubbled&quot; for about an two hours. They could not reallty fix it and were not terribly interested in compensating us for the above - though we lost two hours of sleep because of the above..3. Do not use their car services-they are far too expensive.But, all in all- a reasonabl;e place if you keep in mind the above.	
Apr 18 2008	Great place to stay for a cheap price!	This was a great hotel for the price. It does not have all the fancy frills and thrills that the five star hotels in Delhi have, but you also don't have to pay $600.00 to stay here. The resteraunts at the hotel are good, and offer a variety of foods to eat. I stayed in three different rooms over a 3 week period, and all the rooms were clean. They upgraded me the last day I stayed there to the deluxe room, which was very nice. I would definitely recommend staying here if your looking for a good room, at a cheap price (cheap for New Delhi).	
Apr 1 2008	Great hotel!	We stayed here as part of a tour group and had an excellent stay. The rooms were a good size and start on the 15th floor, going up to the 20th floor from what I could tell by the buttons in the lift (floors 5-14 were missing). This meant for good views over Delhi from the room, which was great as I could watch the black kites circling in the sky outside. The beds were a decent size and comfortable, and although the room felt very cold, at least the air conditioning was adjustable, so I could make it a more suitable temperature.The bathroom was clean and of a good size - the shower area was great as there was plenty of space to dry off as well as shower.We ate at the Kaffe restaurant on the 2nd floor and found the food of a high standard, trying out a variety of foods including the pizza, thai curry, burger and hotpot. It was some of the best food I've eaten! The service was quick and the waiters were attentive.The reception staff and porters were very helpful. Currency can be changed at a very fair rate at the hotel reception and stamps can be bought from the porters - as far as I know they were also going to post my postcards for me as they told me they would deal with them.	
Mar 21 2008 	Ok but a bit on the expensive side	Hans Hotel is a pretty nice place. The rooms are big, the views are nice and the restaurant is good. In fact, as an American traveling in India for several weeks, it was absolutely wonderful as they served beef! I cannot tell you how awesome that was. The price is a bit high for what you get but then again Delhi is not exactly an easy place to nab a room for a good price. Overall, my experience was good. The staff seems pretty willing to help. They were quite good at helping me out of a jam with a driver who clearly tried to overcharge me for a day trip around Delhi. The location is quite good also, right in the heart of New Delhi, not down some dark and disgusting alley. If the price is right, seriously consider going with them!	
Mar 2 2008	Quite pleased	The hotel provided a welcoming plate of fruit and cookies upon my late arrival after 1 am. The room was very clean, had a flat screen TV, and nice little extras such as free bottled water and a kettle. It was a nice start to my trip. Overall it was utilitarian rather than elegant, but the condition of everything was excellent.	
Dec 23 2007	Smart modern hotel	We stayed here as part of a private tour and I was impressed with the hotel. We had a good first night here after arriving by plane and a pleasant pit stop on the last night of the tour.From the description, it seems rather expensive but, as has been said elsewhere, this is an expensive city for hotels and there isn't really a middle ground. It's not in the same league as the big name hotels but I'd stay here again.If I were going to invest in something, I'd buy a Travel Lodge franchise in India and set up low cost modern hotels!	
Nov 2 2007 	Good average	Stayed at the Hans Hotel (no longer Hans Plaza) beginning of October. Reception was friendly. We arrived earlier than expected in the morning, they still gave us a room earlier than booked for, but had to wait a little while. The rooms are on the 14 th floor, so there is an excellent view over delhi. The room was &quot;a good average&quot;), but not the rating given for the hotel ( a common problem in Delhi). We had booked directly on the hotels web site, which was a rate as good as any other internet booking engine. At the beginning of October, I would say the prices were ok (for Delhi), but the rose significantly later in th month. Breakfast buffet was adequate, but not a huge selection. When we looked at the building on the outside, we were shocked at the statte of the facade (floors below the hotel floors), and hoped it did not reflect the state of the building structure. (fotos).Hotel is within walking distance of Connaught Place.Prepaid taxi from delhi airport is the best option. For retrun to the airport, the reception offered ther own cars (more expensive) , but also offered to phone a taxi	
Oct 17 2007 	Hans Plaza - Not Bad At All	Arrived in India in Delhi with prebooked premium double room for 3 nights at Hans Plaza. Spent $275/night including taxes thru Travelocity. This was in beginning of high season, end of September. Arrived at midnight and was told that our room was not available until the next day but they had an upgraded suite for our first night. At first, the suite seemed quite nice but the a/c wasn't adequate, and in the morning we were constantly disturbed by what sounded like a sing-songy door-bell. It was the service elevator bell which was hidden right next to our suite. Really horrible to hear every 5 minutes when you are whacked out on jet lag. If you stay here, beware of this suite location next to the service elevator. Next morning, they switched us to room 1912 on the corner and it was splendid: a/c worked fantastic, the toilet flush was powerful, the hot water shower was fine. Room was bright, quiet, clean and comfortable enough. I have the feeling that the rooms may differ greatly in this hotel. Don't know what the regular doubles look like. Desk personnel were very, very helpful with our many inquiries. Room attendants were eager to please when we asked for extra towels, etc. Staff overall was really very nice. An ordinary but large buffet breakfast was included. The Indian food was better than the western. Odd to be offered chicken cacciatore for breakfast! Location of hotel was very good, walkable to Connaught Circle and easy to get rickshaws for other attractions. Note: I noticed the prices for the Hans vary a lot on the internet travel services, and I missed out on a $150/night &quot;Good Buy&quot; from Travelocity that came and went fast. I recommend staying here if you want a large, convenient hotel in Delhi in the $200-$300 range after taxes. It is an overpriced city.	
Aug 6 2007	Beware	An average hotel with lifts that dont workBeware of using their phone, I made a five minute call to the UK and they tried to charge me over £40!The location is good but the restaurant is overpriced.You can do better	
Jul 11 2007 	Average Hotel in Delhi	The Hans Hotel is well located in Conaught Place. It ia a bit poor hotel for the price. In Europe you would get a far better hottel fot the price you pay. But Delhi in general is far more expensive then the rest of India in terms of hotels and I belive there is no mid range. Nothing special, just clean. The air conditioning works well, it is actually pretty cold in the hotel and the breakfast not bad.	
Jul 5 2007 	Don't be duped by the 4 star label!!	We were travelling for the first time in India for both business and pleasure and part of our trip had to include a visit north to see the amazing Taj Mahal. We arranged a stopover in New Delhi and because it was our first time we used the Flightcentre website (based in Australia) to review and book a hotel there. We are used to travelling in business class and it was important for us to have a good quality hotel whereever we stayed. Flightcentre had rated this hotel as four star but when we arrived we were in for a real shock - more like a one star than anything - the rooms were dreadful, small and pokey and threadbare!! Certainly none of the amenities one expects from this rating accomodation were there - by the way this was halfway through our trip and we had stayed in some amazing 4 and 5 star hotels throughout India (NOT booked through flightcentre), so this was not a case of misunderstanding the quality provided in India. Anyway we grabbed our luggage and got out of there as fast as we could and moved to the stunning Imperial Hotel that was one of the best hotels we have stayed in ever. So moral of the story - be wary of ratings - especially from Flightcentre, Australia - and if you are looking for a budget style, very basic hotel with a 4 star price tag then Hans Plaza in New Delhi is the place. (ps - flightcentre refused to reimburse us for our booking because we didn't give 72 hours cancellation notice !!!!)	
Jun 6 2007 	A lil expensive for an average stay	In the 3 hotels that we've stayed during our trip in India covering Delhi, Agra (Sheraton Mughal) &amp; Mumbai (Ascot Hotel), the Hans Plaza was expensive for a pretty average hotel stay. We paid Rs6500 for a triple-sharing room &amp; Rs5500 for a twin-sharing room incl. buffet breakfasts. The lobby was modern (seems newly renovated) in the minimalistic/&quot;zen&quot; look and we were offered cooling welcome drinks while we were checked-in. The reception staff were cordial &amp; efficient at checking us in.The concierge/bell person was friendly &amp; helpful in helping us to get our bags to the room. We got both rooms side by side and right near the elevators but we slept well without much disturbances from outside though the doors were pretty thin. The rooms were clean with woodish floors and marble flooring at the entrance &amp; to the bathroom.Twin rooms were a good size but it gets a little cramped with the extra bed in the triple sharing room. TV has over 60 channels but most were in Hindi though there is StarMovies &amp; HBO.Bathroom only have showers (no bathtub) but clean and water pressure is good. We had some problems with the hot water kettle and some of the power points did not work. The staff were very helpful though and fast in responding to our needs.You do get very good views outside as the rooms are all located above the 15th floor. The only downside is that the two tiny elevators are a little slow and sometimes you have to wait a while for it.There is a good selection at breakfast buffet for both local &amp; international tastes. However the variety is the same daily so after a few days, you'll get kinda bored with the food.Overall we had a comfortable stay. It was well-located, within minutes of walking to Connaught Place and the area was safe.I suppose this may be good value in Delhi where hotel prices are known to be sky high at times! We did see quite a few business type people staying at the hotel so I guess this is considered a business class hotel.	
May 25 2007 	Great relief to get to the Hans Plaza	Great location, within walking distance to great restaurants, shopping and subway/metro station right around the corner.Welcoming drinks, very helpful staff, clean and modern facilities.The restaurant has good breakfast (Indian and Western).We stayed at this hotel during the last part of our trip to India, which was a great relief for us, after being just about everywhere.Two minor issues:1. The charge (and not cheap) for internet access in the room.2. Some people arrived in the middle of the night, with zero common sense, making plenty of noise.Bottom line, trying to save some money staying somewhere cheaper may be a really bad experience. This is a safe bet and good value.	
May 4 2007 	Incredible IndiaIncredible Hans...	We were a group of friends on our 02nd trip to Incredible India and we must say that she was enchanting as ever and the stay at Hans was the icing on the cake. A fabolous hotel run by a wonderful team. Personalized but at the same time professional. Special thanks to the ever so friendly Front office team, F&amp;B team and the perfect service from the House keeping. The rooms were spec and clean at all times. The USP of Hans is the splendid view you will have of Delhi from the rooms. With the rooms on the 16 - 18th floor, you cant ask for anything more grandeur. If we go in search of short comings, the only draw back..a minute one is in the Italian Restaurant, when cooking with cheeses, it will be great if you could mention in the menu as well the type of cheeses used because the cheese can change the flavour of the dish completely and rightfully, it will be great to know whether its your preferred choice. And to serve double esspressos in the appropriate cup rather than a normal coffee cup. Th reason being that, The infrastructure and the decor of the Restaurants are definitely to the latest International dining experiences, the accompanying cutleries and the crockeries should definitely compliment it. Rest assured, IT'S DEFINITELY VALUE FOR MONEY! AND DEFINITELY SALUTES INCREDIBLE INDIA. Thanks to the wonderful team for making our stay memorable. Alessia Falconi,Federica Cenci, Carmine Selvaggio, Mirko Mancuso, Antony John.	
Feb 1 2007	Good location lovely hotel	This is a well situated hotel. I was pleasantly surprised with my room, it was larger than average, very clean and of a high 4-star standard. Breakfast was always a treat and I ordered room service once which was also very good and reasonably priced. The staff were courtious and very helpful. The hotel is a 2 min walk to the metro - an excellent way to get around! Overall, Hans Plaza is highly recommended - and I'm very fussy so that's a huge compliment!!	
Jan 17 2007	Average hotel good restaurant	I stayed here as part of a tour group - but I've seen how expensive it is on their website and I would have not paid that much.Rooms - clean and comfortable - great views over New DelhiReception staff - not brilliant - short changed on our currency exchange, got our alarm call wrong (called us 1 hour early - irritating).Housekeeping - came very quickly when I complained the hairdryer didn't work. Noise - no double glazing here - plus there was building works during the day.Restaurant - good breakfasts and worth a visit for lunch or dinner. Staff here very friendly, although getting a cup of tea in the morning is a bit of an effort.Location - good central location.I wouldn't recommend this place to my friends.	
Dec 12 2006 	Good business traveler's hotel well-located	We spent the first two nights of our Indian holiday in this centrally located hotel, close to shopping and with easy access to both New and old Delhi. The breakfast was good, though it felt a bit warm in the sunshine through the windows of the breakfast room. The room was adequate in size, modern in facilities, comfortable, and clean. The staff was unenthusiastic but adequate. We would stay here again.	
Jul 15 2006	A Bad Experience	We wish we had read the reviews before choosing this hotel. It was truly a bad experience. Firstly, we arrived at 1 p.m. and needed to rest after a long flight. They were repairing a sewer pipe in the next room, hammering it out of concrete, this went on till 11 p.m. When we complained to the manager, he turned his back and walked away. The restaurant had been moved to the second floor, our hotel directory stated it was on the top floor. The wait time for food was exceptionally long and the restaurant Manager lined up three of the restaurant staff and started shouting at them in front of customers. The front desk was not helpful in arranging transport to a tourist attraction that we wanted to visit. I could go on, but I think that is enough.	
May 4 2006 	Among the Worst in more than Eur 100 per night hotels in the World	Staying in this hotel is really an awful experience which started from the reservation for me. This hotel does not respond to e-mails and their booking forms on the website. You get welcomed by a poorly lit entrance, shabby lobby and reception area. Cable TV was out of order in 2 out of 4 nights I stayed there. From hot water tap once muddy water came out. The electric kettle for tea/coffe in the room had a UK plug which of course does not work in India. The remote control for TV was broke. This hotel needs a big overhaul, repaint and motivated staff. It does a great damage to an already bad image of Indian hotels. Just a week back I stayed at Novotel in Madrid for 65 Eur per night, it was just perfect. For 100 Eur per night this hotel sucks!! They do not have indoor swimming pool as they advertise on Expedia. In fact in India, there are hardly many indoor pools.	
Apr 30 2006	Nice room- terrible service	We booked the Hans Plaza via the internet for three people. Upon arrival, we were given a room with a king size bed and told that a cot and extra amenities would be delievered soon. Despite many repeated calls to reception, housekeeping and management they were never delivered. At check out, we were charged an extra 25USD for the cot, which never arrived. When discussed with management they refused to amend the bill. The room itself was modern and clean- but pity about the terrible service.	
Mar 29 2006 	Expensive not 4 stars	We booked this hotel on-line. The photos shown were not like the hotel. Internet connection was done via WIFI and very expensive because it was so slow. The bar staff at the roof top bar were the slowest people ever, no imported beers avaliable.There was only a hand full of chairs no where to sit.The roof top resturants was closed too. The resturant on floor 2 was clean and newly decorated, but very slow again.we waited 1 hour for our food and drinks, and there was only 4 tables of people eating. The place needs a good clean up outside, rubbish blowing about etc. Food for breakfast was always cold. The toaster was broke too. The plus point is that its only a 10 min walk to the Inner Circle of Connaught Place!	
Mar 16 2006	standard well located and friendly	We stayed 2 nights in Hans Plaza at arrival and departure from India in Feb-March 06. First time, the room needed renovation but the second room on the 17th floor was OK with a superb view. The lobby area is not very accomodating but the staff was friendly and helpfull. It's worth the price	
Jan 27 2006	Good hotel - 3 stars	Stayed in this hotel as part of group a three families, on arrival in Delhi and just before departure. Had no problems with our accommodation: it was clean and warm. Rception staff a bit lazy and aloof. Restaurant staff charming. Food excellent!	
Dec 18 2005	Small 	A very nice hotel. We spent one night there. The Hotel lacks the facilities of pool, gym,etc., but the staff are very good and kind. they run a good show. Breakfast buffet is decent	
Dec 15 2005	Not a good hotel!	Please do not stay at this hotel...especially if you have kids!We got to the hotel very late in the night...3am,the room was below average, the toilet looked clean but there was a nasty smell, the shower was broken!To top it off though our electricity kept cutting out, that was because I was trying to warm up my baby's milk in the kettle provided...basically everytime I put the kettle on the electric would go, it took 4 phone calls and a visit by the duty manager to rectify this.I asked the manager if our breakfast could be sent to our room as a one off as it was very late now and we may not get up in time, he said he was not sure if he could do that but he would get back to me, guess what,never heard from him after that.Dont stay here if you can help it...disgusting service and manky rooms!	
Dec 12 2005	really really bad	I stayed here recently and had a really bad experience.First of all reserving a room was a hassle. One person says rooms are available and an other says not available. They also seem to cheat people on the rates mentioned on their website. As soon as you talk to them they change the rates especially if you are foreigner. I had to get a person in India to book in Indian Rupees to get a cheaper rate. So if you are a paying in dollars, good luck.  The customer service is bad. The room's lock is broken, tv signal is of very poor quality. Had to wait for a long time to get response from reception. Tried to get a car at the front-desk but did not get the car on time or a hotel car as promised, but instead given a third party car which is barely running. The driver assigned was also rude, drove recklessly even for indian standards and did not bother listening to anything i said and stopped at places for his own errands.Th breakfast was below average also, very few varieties and they even charge exorbitantly for drinking water. And finally while checking out, the receptionist calculated the bill wrongly and cannot even do basic math like (16 + 18) and they charged me more than they quoted. When I questioned the bill they tried to trick me by saying that the dollar rate changed, blah blah blah... after which i told them i booked the room in indian rupees and told them its really not good cheating customers just because you can get away. In summary, I am never ever going to stay or recommend this hotel to any my friends.	
Oct 23 2005	Hans Plaza - hit and miss	I stayed in the Hans Plaza for 3 nights over a 10 day period and was impressed with 2 of the nights I stayed there. Was given a very nice room on the 19th floor each time with excellent decor and in room facilities - good size bathroom also. The 3rd night I checked in there I was given a room on the 17th floor which was far inferior to their other rooms. I complained but was told they were full. No bathtub, no coffee/tea facilities and not even bedspreads on the beds. In my opinion only 3 star standard for these rooms. I was also kept waiting 3 hours until 1.30 for this room with no apology from reception or refreshments while waiting. I would stay here again but only if guaranteed one for their newer rooms. Breakfast is poor unless you want a cooked one-stale pastries and toast otherwise. This could be an excellent hotel if they complete the refurbishment and retrain reception staff.	
Mar 7 2005	Good value for money	I've stayed in Hans Plaza in September 2004. Although the rooms need renovation and the reception area is not that comfortable, I still found it value for money. The staff was friendly and helpfull. On the last floor there is a restaurant (included breakfast was very good) from where (if the weather is clear) you have a great panorama view of Delhi. Connaught Place and Janpath are 15 min. walk away.	
Apr 10 2009	Ni se te ocurra alojarte en triple		
Mar 13 2009 	????????????		
Dec 5 2007	Muy bueno. Céntrico.		
	Expensive for what it is	I am not sure if it is worth to stay into this hotel. I think it is too expensive for what it is.PROSLocationCONSThey ripped us off with the taxi cost coming from the airport, use the prepaid taxi when you arrive at the airport.Not really cleanNoisyForget about the restaurant	
	Whole area - Under construction	I don't know if it is the looming commonwealth games but the whole area around this hotel is 'under construction', which made getting to it (and even finding it) quite difficult, it also didn't feel very safe at night. Hotel staff were helpful, rooms were dodgy (run down and dusty) well overpriced, basically your paying for the city location.	
Sep 25 2009 	Economical no frills hotel right on Connaught Place.	It was a clean and economically priced hotel right on Connaught Place. Surprisingly quiet seeing as how we had a room next to the circle. Nothing fancy but great as a centrally located place as we came back through Delhi for one night on our way home.	
Aug 31 2009 	It's somewhere to get your head down...	Hotel 55 is an adequate hotel with a 70's styled interior which is quite in need of an update. It is centrally located in Connaught Place and thus convenient for exploring. Our double room was cool and for a pleasant change there was no requirement for AC of the fan on during the night. Bedding was musty but clean and the decor is average. Shower was hot and towels provided. Staff were friendly and helpful.This is not a luxurious hotel and should not be regarded as anything other than a convenient centrally located overpriced hostel. It is absolutely a 1* (at best) and guests should not expect something modern or luxurious.	
Jul 25 2009 	Adequate and comfortable good service	Hotel 55 is an excellent option to stay when exploring Delhi.Rooms are clean, staff are friendly, good airport pick up.Be aware of unscrupulous travel agents that roam around and in the hotel.	
Mar 1 2009 	Ticks most of the boxes for budget accommodation in Delhi	I have been staying at the &quot;55&quot; for nearly twenty years, on a fairly regular basis, and do not recognise some of the negative reviews which have been posted regarding it. No, it's not a luxury hotel (it doesn't claim to be), nor does it have a sumptuous dining room or gorgeous bathrooms. What it does have is friendly and unfailingly helpful management and staff, comfortable and clean rooms, and in the very heart of New Delhi (superbly located for the railway station by the way). The tariff is not bargain basement (but then what is cheap in Delhi nowadays?), but given its plus points I wouldn't stay anywhere else (although I would avoid the front rooms, which tend to be a little noisy!)	
Dec 7 2008 	one star only	Stayed about three nights; safety and courtesy was not an issue for us (we were an all female entourage); staff was nice and helpful; my emails were always promptly replied to. This is a one-star hotel, described as mid-range by Lonely Planet and in some other sources as a three star--but its not. Hotels in Delhi are expensive, which may explain the cost of this place. But for a thousand more rupees ($20), you can get nicer rooms that are a welcome respite from the craziness that travel in India can be. Rooms are small, bathrooms are purely functional but grotty and inconsistent, of our three rooms, only one shower actually worked; only one provided hot water. To be fair, we did not complain but only because we did not expect the problem to be solved within the time we had. There was no internet access from what I could see.For backpackers looking for a great deal, this is not it. For travelers who want just a touch more amenities or if you are staying more than a night, I'd look elsewhere.	
Oct 28 2008	hi ther im nshat from iraq	thes hotel it is Very good and Comfortable and Good service and The most important thing in Central City I stayed three days in it	
Oct 22 2008 	Hotel 55 inexpensive and safe.	I had a nice stay at Hotel 55. Before one books here, they need to set their expectations. This is a one star hotel with 15 rooms. I stayed here for three weeks. I have never been waited on hand and foot like I was at Hotel 55. You have to take advantage of their hospitality. The breakfast menu was a bit limited, but the food was very good. I commonly would tell the manager I wanted some food not on the menu and it would appear about twenty minutes later. They will send someone to one of the local restaurants to get what ever you desired.The rooms and bathrooms are clean. They are simple and the fixtures are about 30 years old, but considering how horrid an Indian public bathroom can smell, there was nothing wrong with Hotel 55's bathrooms. They did not smell at all. They always had hot water. I would not recommend drinking the hotel's tap water, but they provide bottled mineral water.I never saw any bugs in my room, however on the terrace there were some small leafhoppers. These seem to be every where in Delhi. I really enjoyed the terrace, however I wish they had turned the lights off at night, so the leafhoppers were not as bad. The terrace is pretty, with potted plants and stucco walls. Its kind of amusing, the furniture on the terrace is plastic. My friends and I spent many nights enjoying that terrace.The staff was very trustworthy. That is important in a city that likes to hustle the tourists. I accidentally left my door open a few times and no one ever entered. The manager is Mohan, he was helpful arranging my travel to Jaipur and finding drivers for travel in Delhi. If you ask nicely, they might let you use their office computer for internet, otherwise, there is no wireless or ethernet.There are some things that I think were funny, but some would find a bit odd. Remember, this is India, if you are traveling here you should immerse yourself in their culture. There were two staff members who sometimes slept in the hall at night. They were very nice, gentle hearted men, and I was told that they were there to serve the clients who may be arriving very late at night. On busy nights, they did not have enough room to accommodate all of their staff members. I got used to it. If you need something, just tell them and it will be in your hand within 30 seconds. There are some rooms without windows, which seem to be quieter, the Delhi traffic is loud. I think the first floor is a bit quieter.You have to get used to having people do everything for you. You will never carry a bag, and the chi tea flows like water. I met many interesting European travelers here. Many females stayed at the hotel while I was here and they said they felt very safe.The hotel is in Connaught place. If it your first time to Delhi, you may want to avoid walking around Connaught at first, until you become more saavy at dealing with the people of the street. The hotel provided us with a car right as we walked out of the door, and took us to some nice peaceful places in Delhi.	
Sep 14 2008 	Worst hotel in Delhi!!!	This is probably the worst hotel that I've resided in New Delhi. I still remember opening the wardrobe and a flurry of mosquitoes burst out; It was horrifying. I requested the hotel staff to atleast spray some insect repellant but it fell on deaf years. The rooms were terrible and moldy. Avoid like the plague!	
Apr 29 2008	Worst hotel ever	This hotel has GOT to be the most squalid and disgusting place i've ever seen (and i've stayed in some dives). Words cannot describe how repulsive this place really is. We stayed in Delhi for 2 nights and heard about hotel 55 from the lonely planet. The hotel website is incredibly misleading and claims to be 3 star, when I would question how it was ever classified as a 1 star. In line with other reviews, the driver never arrived at the airport although the manager was adament that he was still waiting for us once we had arrived at the hotel. They gave us a filthy, small and stinking room at the front of the hotel overlooking the road. After complaining about the noise, they moved us to the 2nd floor at the rear of the hotel. This room was also filthy and looked like a prison cell. The bathroom was full of mould, grime and limscale and the bedding was filthy. The hotel staff were lounging around drinking. Cutlery and soiled linen was strewn in the corridors and remained there the 2 nights we were there. The roof terrace (if you can call it that) is big enough for 3 plastic chairs, which were also covered in black grime and mould. Thankfully, the 1 full day we spent at the hotel was taken on a day trip to Agra. On our return (which we were dreading), the room had not even been touched since we left at 5am. I felt really unsafe, especially since there appeared to be only one entrance (the hotel is situated up 2 flights of stairs above a shop) and no fire exits. The manager was very quick to mention that the lonely planet had the star rating wrong ( they accurately classify it as a 1 star, whereas the website says its a 3 star). He told us he always recommends his website as the information in the lonely planet is wrong. Frankly, it ruined our experience of Delhi and I wish I had photos to add to my review to show how disgusting and squalid the place really is.	
Mar 26 2008	okay	If you are expecting any kind of luxury you will be disappointed (hotel website in this case is perhaps a bit misleading), but if you want reasonably priced (in terms of its excellent location) basic accomodation than you can't go wrong. Staff were fairly helpful. All in all I was quite satisfied with what I got for my money. Could have paid less and stayed further out from the centre, but enjoyed waking up and having everything on my doorstep, seeing as it was a short stay. Though with the advent of the Metro this location advantage may become less pronounced as it takes 10-15 minutes to travel in from cheaper location.	
Jan 8 2008	Wildly overpriced	After we were stood up at the airport by Hotel Blue (just as well they didn't turn up by the look of it from the outside) we had to wander round Connaught Place in the dark looking for a hotel. Hotel 55 was the cheapest we could find but 3000rp (about $80) for this dump was a complete rip off. We only stayed there because it was too late to be lugging our backpacks around. OK sized room, dirty bathroom, fantastically noisy both from outside and in. Anywhere else in India you'd pay about 500rp for this standard.	
Oct 23 2007 	the absolute worst	If you enjoy staying in a windowless, grotty and filthy room smelling of gasoline, with the noise of about 10 indian guys yelling their head off until the early hours in front of your door (next to the reception), go on and book this hotel. And the guy at the reception works together with some other locals that hang around in the 'lobby' who try to scam you every way possible (they did the whole phoning-the-airline-to-reconfirm-a-flight-and-discovering-there-is-no-reservation charade, selling ridiculously expensive 'tours' that are crap, and every other scam they think you might fall for...). This is absolutely the worst place i have stayed in while in India!	
Apr 3 2007 	utter dump	our hearts sank when we walked into our bedroom. it was a complete dump with a rubbish bed and whilst technically it did have an ensuiteshower, i wouldn't have washed a dog in it. bearing in mind it was costing about £40 (~$80) a night it was atrocious. another aspect was that at night time there were permanently men sleeping in the corridor right outside our room - i don't know if they were meant to be security, but one was a really skinny old man with a big long beard, don't think he would have been much use in a fight - and you hear them talking when you used the toilet or even when you were lying in bedalso when we checked out the owner tried to charge me for 2 nights despite the fact i'd paid online for the first night. at the time i thought it was an innocent mistake but having read some of the other reviews i'm now wondering about that.would never go near this dump again and certainly wouldn't recommend it to anyone	
Mar 21 2007	hotel [--] [--]	Arrived late at night on train and didn't really have any other options at that time the room was already booked when we arrived we found that the room charge they had up on the board was 1,000 Rups more than the Indiatourism pamphlet indicated, got into room and it was terrible, small grotty and generally crap. Were quite concerned that we would have visitors with more than two legs during the night. Left first thing in morning, just couldn't be bothered arguing.Best advise stay as far away from here as you can, avoid it like the plague, try something around main bazaar much cheaper and alot nicer. Connaught place is not the location it is cracked up to be.	
Nov 21 2006	Beware Hotel 55	I booked their driver to pick me up from airport and he didn't turn up. When I came to check out: they overcharged me for the room and I mistakenly paid without checking amount first. When I noticed, they admitted 'cheating' me out of money but refused to refund it. They said they would call the police if I didn't leave immediately without refund and would tell them that I had physically attacked the manager. All staff started nodding vigorously and I realised I was outnumbered and left having lost 2,500 rupees. On recounting this story to my tailor later that morning, he nodded and indicated that this was not the first time this had happened.	
Apr 8 2008 	Stay Away!	We ended up staying here after our travel agent switched us last minute. By far, it was the worst hotel we have ever stayed in. Staff were rude and dismissive, rooms were like a prison cell and really dirty. The worst thing was the bad smell that was everywhere, the lobby, the rooms, the corridors!! Yuck!	
Mar 21 2008 	An OK hotel for someone who wants to visit CP New Delhi	Well, its a very average hotel, with congested and small rooms. However, the A/C was comfortable and the bathrooms neat and clean.Its a hotel that is ideal for a short stay and charges around Rs 4500/= per night for double room.I guess the main advantage of this hotel is its proximity to the best resturants and shopping place in delhi. Its located in the P block at CP...There is a Mc Donalds right below the hotel and other famous eating joints like Nirulas, KFC, Rodeo..etc are 10 mins walk.The PVR Plaza and PVR Revoli are 5 mins walk from the hotel.Overall an ok property to stay if you are planning to spend most of your time around CP.	
Feb 28 2008 	Overpriced with terrible service	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in Feb 2008. It was my 4th visit to India, and this is the worst hotel I've seen in the country. My wife and I had booked a double room over the phone and followed this up with an e mail. As we were arriving at 4am we wanted security that a room would be availabe. However, when we arrived, after a 8 hour flight, they had let our room go. More accurately, they said our room was &quot;under construction&quot;. No idea what this meant, but as it was 4am we had to make do with a single room, which was drab, cramped and hadn't been updated for about 30 years. We were given a camp bed, which promptly collapsed. The showers don't provide hot water in the night - it takes between 5-10 minutes to &quot;warm up&quot;. We got no apology for the cock-up, just a shrug of the shoulders. We have relatives in Delhi. They were surprised that we were staying there as it has a terrible reputation. I really would avoid this place - it's overpriced for what you get. And the service is really poor. In the interests of fairness, the location is good if you're interested in shopping at Connaught Place. And the restaurant is excellent - the food was tasty, safe and reasonable, and the service, unlike the hotel itself - excellent.	
Oct 4 2007 	"BEWARE" - DON'T STAY HERE"!	Unless you are on a budget ($80 and less) stay elsewhere. Delhi hotels are way way overpriced...keep that in mind. Stayed 1 night Sept 2007. Hotel is about 2 star, stayed in &quot;deluxe&quot; room, slightly larger than others. Bed's hard as a rock, dirty, no hot water. We paid $128AU p/night incl b/fast. Hotel staff O.K, very relaxed vibe. Location on Connaught Place/Radial Outer, near KFC, McDonalds, Pizza Hut (Yuk!), don't expect an Indian experience if you stay in Connaught area as its full of touts, crap shopping and food. Only saving grace is the CoffeeHouse in the inner radial, fantastic food!!!!!Problem with bottled water in fridge - all seals broken and different types of bottles in fridge. Asked reception for a bottle of sealed water and they gave us again an unsealed bottled (you know the ring thing below the lid...broken). They are obviously just collecting bottles and refilling with Delhi water. Go 2 doors down to McDonalds and buy water here, Rs 12 small bottle.If you are on holiday, and don't need stress spend more and go to LeMeridian or Shangri-La ($300AU p/night) and have good food, pool and no stress! If you are on a budget, stay elsewhere.	
Aug 17 2007 	The Worst Hotel I've ever seen	Hotel Alka is a place you really have to avoid if you're planning to stay in Delhi for a night. We booked a double room from Italy, looking at the pictures on their site. When we arrived the room (not cheap as it costs at least 3000 Inr) was the smallest room I've ever seen and without even a WINDOW. The bath was terrific and very dirty and the bottles of water we found in the fridge were refilled as they were already open. The lights were only NEON and the result was that we were really upset. I asked to change my room and they showed us a room even worse. The hotekl terrace was a 1inch square full of destroyed things and garbage and my girlfriend wasn't able even to smoke a cigarette. So, for the 1st time in my life I decided to live the hotel without paying any rupee telling the manager we didn't want to spend a single minute in such rooms. The area of the Hotel is out of Connaught Circus because the P-Block is not in the circle (only A to N blocks are in).	
Feb 15 2007	location good but hotel not good	This hotel is in excellent location but is quite dingy and not even two star rating in my opinon. Hotel arranged airport transfer, it cost 925 rs really too much. On arrival, the hotelier was keen to arrange tours but fortunately that put me off. Most rooms has no natural light.The offical goverment delhi tourism office is at coffee house about 200 yards from the hotel. A full day tour in a air condition coach with an excellent tour guide costs 205 rs but you do have to pay the entry fee at each site. I thought the tour was good value.	
Jan 23 2007	absolutely hopeless	What a nightmere! if anyone is thinking of booking this hotel then forget it! it is not worth the trouble. It has a very central location in Connaught Place (that's the only advantage). The hotel rooms are not worth talking about. They are unclean and we had a job to get the sheets and towels changed daily. Everytime we placed the &quot;please clean my room&quot; tag on the door, the lazy room attendant very cleverly reversed this to read &quot;please do not disturb&quot;. Hence, on our return to the room later in the day, we found it as we had left it. We had to make several pleas to the manager to get our room cleaned. There is just one restaurant (vegetarian) which is boring and service is poor. The coffee shop has about 10 waiters who simply wait and watch the TV despite being called for help several times. The reception staff are just as bad! Even the manager has no time for you. Overall it is the worst hotel we have ever been to so far in India. Never again!	
Nov 24 2006	bad choice the smell is the first sign	we wanted to be centrally located but didn't want to pay luxury hotel prices and Alka was recommended at the airport...the elevator was being torn apart in the lobby, that was ok, then there was the smell of the hallways with the rotting carpet, bad sign. The room was ok, the only window looking out to the stairwell- why they put a window there I will never understand. Anyway, the smell of the hallways started creeping into the room and we couldn't get to sleep until 3am. Its central but being central in Delhi isn't neccesarily a good thing, it's a really dirty city. We left first thing in the morning and made our way to the Hotel Vikram in Lajpat Nagar, south delhi, which was clean and lovely and smelled great....	
Nov 17 2006 	Welcome to the House of Mirrors	The best thing about the Alka Hotel is it's good location - right in Connaught Place in the very heart of New Delhi. It's a relatively clean and tidy small hotel, but the decor is dated. The decorators - back in 60's or 70's - went beserk with mirrors! One small hallway on the second floor has mirrored walls and ceilings. In my room all the walls were mirrored ... stepping out of the shower and bathroom into the bedroom was my naked reflection in the mirrors into infinity (not a pretty sight!!!!) The lobby walls are adorned with fancy gilt-framed mirrors! Are the owners of this place also in the mirror business??? By the way the restaurant on the second floor -- not the vegetarian one off the lobby -- had excellant food in a dimly lit romantic setting. The staff was friendly and helpful.	
Jul 10 2006	One of the Worst Hotels I have ever stayed	One of the travel agents booked this hotel for us (myself, wife and two children) for two nights. The lobby itself gave notice of what was in store for us. We were booked into a deluxe room, which when shown brought my wife to tears. I managed to talk the receptionist (man) to upgrade us to a &quot;superior deluxe&quot; room which was slightly bigger. No hot water, unclean (I am being polite) linen and floors. One has to bend down to walk the corridors of the hotel. Luckily we were out shopping most of the day and were dead tired to notice anything upon return.The hotel is a text book definition of a &quot;seedy hotel&quot;. THEIR CLAIM OF FOUR STARS IS A SHAM....STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL.Did not even dare try the complimentary breakfast....had breakfast at the adjacent Saravana Bhavan (most recommended). We checked out as fast as we could on our last day to check into the Intercontinental Grand. Could not stop my wife and kids grinning ear to ear just entering into the Intercontinental's lobby.	
Mar 11 2006	I wish I read the reviews before I went	Spent 5 nights there, and it WAS a disgrace. I was in tears the moment we got there. The lady at the desk was rude, and just did not seem bothered: she kept answering the phone instead of checking us in. Got to our room and realised why it was so dark....there was no windows, it was small and cramped and no facilities were available.On paper it was 4*, but in reality this place had no class to it at all. The room was hurrily cleaned, the bathroom was worn into and the place smelled of stale urine.The male members of staff just kept staring (its bad enough outside- but in a hotel just adds insult).Our 'complimentary' breakfast they tried to charge for, and the breakfast was a waste of time. Only thing we could have was cold toast and coffee/tea from a dirty thermos. I asked for a banana, but that was too difficult; they cannot give 1 banana as its not on the menu they have to give me a fruit platter as that is on the menu.....?!I questioned whether this was a 4* and was told that they were 'no doubt'. But trust me- I seriously had doubts.Do not go there, even if you are desperate..The only positives things were that it was close to Connaught place- which is good for shoppong/eating and the Vega restaurant had good food.	
Mar 8 2006	What a horrible place!	We stayed there for 5 nights and I can't say we were very pleased with anything except the Vega restaurant. The staff speak/understand very litle English, our promised (confiremd via email) hotel airport pickup service never arrived and we never got a clear explanation of why... The rooms are small and old. They are also dusty, toilets leak, bathrooms have broken tiles, the tv signals are very poor and often not there at all. Rooms with carpets have a strange smell to them.The staff expected tip for the smallest things like opening the door for you. If you didn’t tip they were clearly not pleased.When ordering roomservice we would often get the incorrect order (due to their lack of english skills). We ordered &quot;Black tea&quot; and got a Blanket. We orderd food with NO CHILLLIES and got food so hot they probably would have had problems eating it themselfs. The phone in the room was of huge annoyance. Either they had disconnected our phone (for no apparent reason) or the phone simply didn't work. At any other hotel in India one gets a decent breakfast consisting of Indian dishes and/or nice continental foods. Here you only get jam, an omlette, 2 pieces of dry toast, warm juice and tea/coffe. 2 extra pieces of toast will cost you 30 Rs. The hotel is gloomey and strangely dark. It is by far luxurious or elegant. I was completely shocked when I looked at their website after staying there - the information is absolutely misleading. How such a hotel can claim to be a 4* hotel I cannot comprehend at all. I have stayed in 2* hotels that are 1000 times better than this. This is more like a 1 * hotel. It would make a good backpackers.	
Jan 1 2006	Don't believe the 4* rating!	Stayed in Alka for 3 nights, do not believe the 4* rating, the hotel would be lucky to score 2* in any other countries. The room was falling apart, with mirrors all around but no natural light. The airconditionining had to be turned on by ringing up the reception. Do not ask the &quot;travel desk&quot; to put you in touch with an agent, as they will charge you through the nose for a &quot;city tour&quot; consisting of the driver ferrying you from shops to shops where they get commission. While you're at it, try to arrange your own taxis as well as the receptionists only call their chums who charge you through the nose and refuse to switch on the meter. The only good thing about the hotel is probably their vegetarian restaurant, Vega.	
Dec 19 2005	An awful hotel	In short - horrible location, albeit central, on squalid Connaught place - stay in South Delhi instead. Cramped, dirty rooms with no window and substandard soundproofing. Staff were rude, and were aggrieved when we didn't give them a tip. Avoid.	
Oct 27 2009 	??????????????????		
Jun 15 2009 	Service was atrocious; creepy place for women to stay	My friend and I stayed here as part of a Gecko's tour. Our room was cleaner than the Hotel Perfect (see my other review) but what really was astonishingly bad was the service. The staff were intent on a) getting tips from us and b) entering our room for various &quot;reasons&quot;. At one point one of the staff knocked on our door to tell us they had beer for sale (!). Each time we opened the door they tried to get into the room and I had to stand directly at the door to prevent this. When we arrived we offered the porter the standard tip for each bag that he carried to the room but he tried to tell us that it wasn't enough and even went so far as to take a 10 rupee note out of my hand without my permission! They scowled at any tip we offered for service and when we were in the cab just about to leave for the airport out of the blue they raised the cost of the taxi by 50 rupees! Stay in a nicer place, you deserve it!	
May 22 2009 	Best hotel in the area	Stayed for 3 nights. The room was clean and the staff was the best. They also had amazing food from room service. Quiet at night as well and close to the markets.Do check out punjab sweets as well. Good hotel, would recommend to anyone. The staff was exceptional. Oh and they also had Wi-Fi.	
Jan 21 2009 	Basic but good value	We stayed here for 5 nights in total (spread over three separate visits). It was organized for us as a part of a car and driver trip. It is what I would call a basic 3 star hotel. The room was clean and well serviced. While it didn’t have a window (looked onto an airshaft) it was quiet. Breakfast was included in our package, was served in the room and was OK. Could have upgraded it at an extra cost. Staff were friendly and helpful. The bed only had a bottom sheet and blanket but staff were happy to provide a top sheet.Location is OK. Relatively quiet street with markets at one end of street. A number of reasonable restaurants in the street and internet cafes nearby. Felt quite safe walking around in the evening. Is a 10 minute autorickshaw ride from Connaught Place. Autorickshaw drivers have trouble finding it so make sure you take a hotel business card with you.	
Nov 27 2008	DISGUSTING DUMP	This was the worst hotel experience in my life and I have been to about 60 countries during my travelling time. There was supposed to be an airport pickup in the deal - that did not happen and neither did I get a refund on my taxi fare to the hotel. Breakfast was supposed to be included and that did not happen either. The room had NO windows, the bed had a bottom sheet and on the top was just a blanket - no top sheet. I was supposed to stay 2 nights but I took a taxi into town and got a flight out of India for the next day. I was charged double the fee back to the airport than the amount I paid for a taxi to the hotel as well and it was driven by someone connected to the hotel. This hotel was listed on an International Hotel site and I have written to them about my concerns about this place and note that they are no longer on that site and for the sake of other unfortunate travellers like myself I am glad at least for that.	
Oct 28 2008 	A good middle range business/tourist hotel	This was our first stop in India and was organised through the tour company. There was nothing wrong with this hotel, the rooms were clean, the staff were friendly and honest, and the location was quiet at night.I left all of my valuables, which amounted to a few thousand dollars US, in the care of the front desk. I was a bit worried when they didn't give me any receipt but shoved it in a locked draw. No problems when I got it back as everything was still there.It was only about 50m away from the main shopping street and if you need a landmark then &quot;Punjabi Sweets&quot;, a very busy street side eatery, is in the same lane.	
Nov 24 2009 	pleasant surprise	A clean place,friendly staff , a good place to startAn India tour. Although it was 3.00a.m when we arrived, everybody was extremely helpful. I cannot imagine a better place.A simple but tasty breakfast. Nothing more to be desired[as far as hotels go]. I shall be back soon.	
Nov 23 2009 	Top notch service...	We arrived at Aster Inn after staying in the Marriott in Mumbai, and were expecting a massive difference, as the prices were of different leagues for starters, but we were pleasantly surprised. The rooms were very clean, the furnishing new and the toiletries provided of a 5* standard. The service was definitely the best amongst all the hotel we have stayed at during our India tour. The staff went out of their way to help us, be it to exchance currency, to give us information about shopping areas and even negotiate Rickshaw prices before we jumped in. There is a kind of homely atmosphere at this hotel, everybody is very accessible and always ready to help. I felt the bigger hotel chains lacked this personal approach and Aster Inn wins outright.The breakfast was always hot, timely and very tasty. The Massala Chai was to die for; we ordered it everyday without fail.I read a previous review about the AC being turned off and I have to say as soon as we stepped back into the hotel, the staff would endeavour to turn the AC back on in our room, without us having to ask. As an customer who is very passionate about eco friendliness, I felt this was a very commendable simple act that could yet help the planet loads in time. I am shocked to think some customers would want the AC to remain on whilst they would be out the whole day..Top hotel, top service. will definitely stay there again when I next visit Delhi.	
Nov 15 2009 	Amazing Aster Inn!	I would like to highly recommend The Hotel Aster Inn to anybody considering staying in New Delhi, for any type of trip. As a newly established hotel, we found this to be great value for money. The rooms were nice and clean, true to the advertising on their website. It is well located, within reasonable reach of New Delhi centre (2 stops on the developing Delhi Metro). The service was great. The hotel staff were attentive, and the manager was accommodating and helpful with all of our enquiries. Some minor criticisms though: Hot water – needs notice i.e. run it for about 10 mins! Not so quick on breakfast – can take up to an hour!No internet facilities installed yet, although the Manager allowed us use of his own office facility. All in all, we had a great experience staying at this hotel. I definitely would stay here again if I were visiting New Delhi again!	
Nov 13 2009 	Gateway to delhi....	thiz was the statrting point in india...as my flight got delayed...the driver was still there a fresh waiting for me with a smile...i waz imprezzed...while smoothly chekin in 4 in the morning i was happy that theze people have real pictures on there website of the room they were havin,i got one of them...yeppei...room service was quick in the morning ,nice room, well decorated &amp; good staff with a smile.	
Nov 2 2009 	Worst Hotel I stayed at in India! DO NOT BOOK HERE!	This place was awful! The location is terrible, possibly one of the worst areas of Delhi. The Hotel itself looks okay until you get to your room... the bed had a bottom sheet, and that's it! No top sheet! I asked for one and got a Single size sheet for a double bed! ?? I asked for a double sheet and got another Single Sheet!! Then I noticed that the bottom sheet had some questionable stains on it, but was told it was clean... I pulled it off the bed and told them to replace it! Finally I get a bottom and a top sheet but had to make the bed myself! And that was the last time I saw a clean sheet for my entire 3 night stay! They don't make up your room during your stay... no clean sheets or clean towels!The Hotel's web site states &quot;Direct Dial Local &amp; STD/ISD/Internet Surfing on request&quot;, let me explain that a bit... Internet surfing is about 3 blocks away at a disgustingly dirty place that provides computers to use for internet activities. Long Distance Calls can be made at the Reception desk... while standing... right beside the front desk in the way of, and within ear shot of, everyone coming and going!Their web site also states &quot;Running Hot &amp; Cold Water&quot;, which is true, but if you want a Hot Shower you have to ask for the Hot water... every morning, even if you asked the night before, you still have to ask again in the morning!Rooms are Air Conditioned, but it is turned off every time you leave your room and you have to ask for it to be turned back on when you get back!!The Hotel does not have a kitchen that I could see, and the food is awful! It arrives on yellow plastic plates, toast wrapped in tin foil, a dead giveaway that this is take out from somewhere else! I had an omelette one morning that was too big for the little plastic plate! I even had to argue with the guy in the dining room abut getting an egg for breakfast, I was told it wasn't breakfast! On asking for advice in regards to storing my luggage at the Railway Station over night so I could take the train to Agra, I was told without a doubt that they no longer store luggage at the railway station but the Hotel could store it for me, and I could even stay at the Hotel for another half day, at half the day rate, when I return to rest up before my flight. Well, that was a lie... the train station does store luggage! The staff are not &quot;Qualified &amp; Trained Staff&quot; as their web site states! I had nothing but problems with everyone, from getting bed sheets to food and at one point someone came to my room, knocked once and tried to come right in... good thing I bolted the door as I was just getting out of the shower (a cold shower!).My room rate was inclusive of breakfast, but when it came time to check out I was billed for two cups of Tea. I was told breakfast does not include Tea! Whatever!Feel free to contact me of you would like more info about the Hotel or visiting Delhi!I was asked to come here and write a good review... there is no way I could say anything good about this Hotel! And just to qualify this review, I stayed in 4 different Hotels during my travels in India and this was not only the worst... but the worst Hotel I have EVER stayed in!	
Nov 2 2009 	Friendly modern and clean	Although situated in what was not a great area, the hotel was an oasis - friendly, attentive staff and clean rooms. It was also close to the metro, making it easy to get about without having to shout for a taxi.	
Nov 2 2009 	Cheap but good value for money	The location is a bit of a culture shock - but the hotel is a comparative oasis to the bustling and grubby streets that surround it. However, it's only a five-minute walk to the excellent, if limited, metro system. The rooms are clean and comfortable, with adequate showers, and the staff are generally attentive (even calling to ask if we wanted beer...) Breakfast was painfully slow in arriving - half an hour for toast stretches credulity. However, they ironed our shirts in a flash and were generally pretty good. It's not the Ritz, but you it's excellent value for money.	
Oct 24 2009 	5* Service	On our arrival at the hotel, the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. They all went out of their way to help us whether it was directing us to a local hot spot / arranging a day tour to Agra or providing general tourist information. The breakfasts were delicious and the traditional masala tea addictive (room service was efficient!). The location is in the heart of Karol Bagh - great for shopping. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone spending some time in Delhi whether it be for business or leisure purposes.	
Sep 18 2009 	good location excellent room condition great service	What I liked - only a few minutes walk from the metro station - the room looked new and well decorated - enjoying air-con and hot shower was no problem, and there was even a fridge! - hotel staff was very courteous, helpful, efficient and speaking perfect EnglishI suggested the hotel to offer internet access. Maybe it will be offered when you stay there =)	
Aug 28 2009 	CONVENIENT MODERN AND GOOD PRICED HOTEL	It's very difficutl to find a modern hotel well located in new Delhi. Aster hotel first of all is very modern, the staff is extremely efficient and the location is very convenient ...just 1 km walking from Jandewalan metro station and just one station from famous market (Ramakrishna Ashram Marg metro stop) and 5-6 from Chandi Chowk (historical centre).We paid for a double room 1500 rupie per night. it's not so cheap if you compare to the rest of India but it's among the best you can find in New Delhi! In new Delhi hotel are crazy expensive in Connaught place and not worthed . if you choose other convenient area (the famous Pargaji where everybody goes) the hotels are old and the area is dusty, noisy and old! Do you want to sleep and be conventiently located in a clean environement?! Choose Karol Bagh/Jandewalan area... Aster was our choice!	
Aug 4 2009 	Overall nice and pleasent service	Room condition average, above average service and nice location for a budget stay in Delhi	
Sep 29 2009 	un hotel neuf dans un quartier pauvre mais typique		
Nov 17 2009 	Hazzle Free stay	Telephone booking is always confirmed whenever I have stayed here. Check-in is smooth. Sevice is good. Breakfast is always complimentary which is a plus.	
Sep 14 2009 	Dont stay here cheap but definitely not cheerful.....	We chose this hotel after hours of searching on the internet and reading in books as there is so much choice in Delhi, and we definitely made the wrong choice in many ways. We were only in Delhi for the night as we were flying out to Kathmandu the following morning, and this hotel served its purpose but thats as far as it went.Good - The location is pretty good for the centre of Delhi but is way too far away from the airport - The bedroom was a good size and contained 1 double bed and 1 single, along with a table and TVBad - The hotel offered a free pick-up from the airport but we couldnt manage to get through to them to arrange one. They refused to pay for our taxi when we arrived, and also refused to take us back to the airport the following morning to compensate - The room was very dingy even for night time - The room was very dirty and there were flies and even a cockroach in the bathroom - The area immeiately around the hotel was not very nice and you wouldnt want to venture out the hotel at nightOverallIt may be very hard to rate a hotel when you have been there less than 12 hours but this place is simply awful. It may be cheap compared to a lot of choices in Delhi, but there's a reason for that. Pay a little more and get a better place.	
Aug 5 2009 	Hotel ok but...	The hotel is ok as backpacker hotel. The staff is very nice and helpful. BUT be careful not to accept any extra service from this hotel. The hotel offered us to get a taxi for the airport and charged us RS 900 which is what you normally pay for renting the car for a whole day. A prepaid taxi will cost RS 250, Later we learned that the hotel had asked the driver to pay them the tip we had given him, and they told him that we had not payed for the trip in advance. That made us very angry and we shall never recommend this hotel to anyone.	
May 21 2009 	QUICK SWITCH TO A FLEAPIT HOTEL	This hotel did not honour our booking through Hotels.com on 17 – 20 April 2009. We were travelling with two children, one 3.5 and the other 18 months. We arrived in Delhi at 2 am in the morning of 18 April (the booking was for the night of 17 April). We caught a Delhi Traffic Police controlled prepaid taxi from the airport to the address provided with the booking receipt. The taxi driver could not find the address and took us at 3:30 am to a ‘tourist office’/ travel agent. The travel agent rang the hotel and my husband spoke to the hotel reception, who claimed that the hotel was full, and that we should make our way to the sister hotel – Hotel Ivory Palace in Karol Bagh, New Delhi. At this hour of the morning and with two children, we had no choice. The Hotel Ivory Palace can best be described as a flea pit. We subsequently found out through a travel agent that the room that we were provided was worth $29 AUD or about 1000 INR. We had paid for a super deluxe room (their premium room) with separate bed and a cot for the children at $67.00 AUD a night (2345 INR). We were provided with a room that had:· One bed for all four of us and when we complained an extra mattress was thrown on the floor· Unclean bedding· A hot water system that did not work and after repeated complaints it was fixed on the last day· Strong kerosene odour for the entire duration of our stay· No ‘premium bedding and pillows’· No clock radio· No coffee and tea making facilities· No complimentary newspapers· No housekeeping for all the days we were there· No in-room safe· No refrigerator· No rollaway bedsThe Hotel Ivory Palace was not close to Connaught Place or the railway station, which the Hotel Balaji purports to be. This was the reason I had chosen to book it. We tried phoning the Hotel Balaji Deluxe in the following days, but we could not get through on the number provided on the booking sheet. After unsuccessful attempts to get through to the hotel, we decided that it was a short stay and we should devote our energy to seeing Delhi and getting organised for the next part of our holiday. There was obviously a connection between the two hotels as the Hotel Ivory Palace was happy to take our booking sheet as proof of payment. Our feeling is that if the Hotel Balaji could not accommodate us, they should be obliged to provide an equivalent or superior standard of accommodation, as opposed to the significantly inferior option we were given. The only recompense we received after several complaints was that our room service breakfasts were covered by the hotel (Approx 450 INR). We feel extremely ripped off by the experience. I was trusting that Hotels.com is a reputable booking service and maybe we should have paid more attention to the review “DEN OF THIEVES – RUN FOR YOUR LIFE” on Trip Advisor, as they document the sort of contempt that the Hotel Balaji has for guests booking and prepaying over the internet.	
Apr 18 2009 	Budget Hotel	This hotel is one of the small hotels located in crammed up localities of Old Delhi.It is recommended if money and price are a issue for you.	
Mar 28 2009 	It is worthy to go	Good place, only several minutes from New Delhi railway station. Marble floor, the staff is nice, asked me for water several times, but finally charge me 50Rs, it's OK. The room is clean, and the hotel price is reasonable cheap!	
Dec 30 2008 	Den of theives! RUN FOR YOUR LIFE!	We booked a suite thru expedia, selecting the hotel based on its free airport pick up advertised. We arrived at midnight, no one was there. We called and eventually we were met by their employee who got us a cab. Certainally we could have walked thru the doors &amp; got a fixed cab ourselves. The driver got lost. Eventually we arrived, gave our itinerary # and we given a small room. We said ours was a suite (2 adults, 1 kid) the clerk waved expedia papers he possed in our faces and said that was our room. No problem, we would get is sussed out in the morning, I was too tired to argue. We showed our papers in the am, the manager said the clerk had bad eyesite. We we upgraded to a slightly larger room. I overlooked the construction, painting in the lobby the luke warm hot water, the roach, filthy blankets I dare not use, all to check out....where the clerk insisted on paying for the lift from the airport. (2x the amount we would have paid if we got the taxi ourselves) I said it was included, and I paid for a suite for 2 nites &amp; only got one, lets call it even. No, he said. Expedia charged us too little, we should not have gotten what we paid for.After 1/2 hour and 2 failed called to expedia (disconnected) I paid as not to miss my connection. So I paid twice the amount for a room and 2x the amount for the taxi. ....and had a lousey stay. Back in Delhi staying at a much much better hotel for hte same cost. Avoid the Balaji unless you want to get riped off deluxe.	
Aug 12 2009 	Hardly luxury but not that bad	We stayed at the Broadway on two separate occasions as part of a recent tour to India. We had two different rooms - one at the back looking towards the mosque and another on Asif Ali road side. This is a reasonably budget hotel located on the edge of Old Delhi. The rooms we stayed in were of an acceptable standard -not exactly luxurious but you get what you pay for. The air-con worked (which in July was essential). The bathroom was clean. We had a friend who stayed in a single room which did not have a window - which would have been a bit depressing. So watch out for that.I would agree with other reviewers that the hotel is noisy. If you're at the back you get the call to prayer from 2 mosques. At the front there is the incessant beeping of Delhi traffic. The best thing about the hotel was the restaurant - which has won awards for kashmiri food recently. The bar upstairs was pretty grim though - no window and therefore smelled stale.	
Jun 19 2009	good place	It was anice place to stay. You could enjoy a nice place to live as well as a nice location to wander about. So, i liked the place while my stay with some of my friends.We had a great time out there.	
Jun 8 2009 	Veeeeeeery noisy...	I would never go back to sleep, I would go back for dinner, the restaurant is very nice, the staff is helpful, however the hotel is very old, and being wakep up by the mosque every morning at 6 am is not my cup of tea.	
Mar 11 2009 	quite surprising	It's not a particularly quiet hotel to be honest. We seemed to be lucky in that we got one of the rooms in the back with a view of the Mosque which was entertaining. It's a beautifully furnished hotel and has a certain old world charm to it.The service we received was quite good. We had to leave at 7:30 to continue onto Agra and the staff very kindly gave us some breakfast (we were a bit too early for the buffet breakfast).Thugs Bar is also quite fun :) We wanted to try the restaurant in the hotel as well but didn't get there (going by all accounts its meant to be fantastic!)	
Sep 21 2008	Two weeks at the Broadway	I stayed at the Broadway for the last two weeks of July 2008 with a large group. My room was on the top floor, at the back overlooking the Jama Masjid. My sense is that the quality of the rooms varies a bit. The folks in front complained of traffic noise, particularly those on the lower floors. There are also rooms in the middle of the hotel that have no exterior windows, just opaque glass facing the corridor. You must get used to it, because no one seemed to complain about this. My room was lovely. It was very light, small but clean and bright. The bathroom had ample water pressure and hot water, though the shower usually took a minute to warm up. The air conditioning was quite powerful, maybe a touch too cold. It is true that the hallways have no AC vents, but enough cold air vents from the rooms to keep the halls relatively comfortable.The staff were prompt in providing room service, and kept the rooms clean over the two weeks. They did not pester us at all, but that may be because there was no point in pestering a group or because the hotel was full, so they were making money any way. Laundry was cheap, and returned same day, but be careful with delicate fabrics, as most drying in India is done by Iron (and sometimes the laundry did come back a bit damp). The mosque behind the hotel does call the neighborhood to prayer in the early morning, but I found this charming. Sometimes I woke up and listened drowsily before rolling over and going back to sleep, and sometimes I didn't wake up at all. On weekends all of the children of the neighborhood get out on the roof tops and fly kites. From our room we could literally see hundreds of them. Also on the weekends on the street in front of the hotel there is a used book fair. My sense is that if you are looking for a hotel that is inexpensive and not in Paharganj, the Broadway is a good bet. The attached photos show our room. There are also pictures that earlier posters added of a room decorated by a French designer who stayed at the hotel. Fear not, almost all of the rooms in the hotel share our decor and not the loud multicolor decor of that room.As for food, we ate breakfast in Chor Bizarre every morning. The breakfast buffet was was more than adequate, though the restaurant was a bit dim for a morning meal. Every morning featured hard boiled eggs as well as either omlettes or fried eggs. Also at least one curry, cereal, toast, juice, tea or coffee, and on some days fried veggie cutlets or samosas. There was fruit juice and they will bring bananas on request. It is true that there was no other fresh fruit, but this is India. We were also fed lunch in a conference room, which gave us a sample of what the kitchen can do. Suffice it to say that lunch was generally excellent, and I'm sure that those eating at the restaurant for lunch or dinner would agree. As for the bar, Thugs, yes, it is a bit of a dive. Who wants to go to India to drink?As for location, a tuktuk to CP or New Delhi station/paharganj cost 60 Rs. The Muslim neighborhoods behind the hotel are interesting to walk in, but better to go in a group. I saw no obvious dangers, but one of our more intrepid members did come down with a nasty virus.The Broadway is not the lap of luxury. But it is a solid mid range hotel in the heart of Delhi that exceeded my expectations and is definitely better than most of the reviews here would indicate.	
Sep 9 2008 	Disgusted with Broadway hotel Delhi	I stayed here in a mixture of rooms for approx 4 nights - 2 nights in cheaper rooms which were dirty, noisy and old so upgraded to most expensive rooms at front which had been refurbished for far greater price only to find out that they too were noisy (as all rooms are adjoining with thin wooden internal door so you can hear everything from other rooms), no hot water for days, sheets covered in human hair. A complete arogance by staff and careless attitude of management when we complained. The bar is seedy as they come, food overpriced and general hotel over-rated. Were going to stay 2 weeks but left after 4 nights. I was sick of being harrassed daily by staff to buy a service from them either a taxi, a tour, a driver etc - even being told it was dangerous to go out alone, rubbish! Wouldnt return here ever, save your money and go elsewhere where they want your business and treat you like a guest rather than an inconvenience.	
Aug 31 2008 	jack hammer broadway	I read all the reviews and tried to keep an open mind. I have stayed in some hell holes. So I was ready for anything. I was even ready for the bully attempt to make you buy expensive tour packages or when leaving finding added charges you did not make. So we arrived at the airport and please try to remember to go over to the front entrance of the airport ,thats where the taxi they send will pick you up. When we arrived in the lobby everything went smoothly I was so surprise. They took us up to our room where the hall was cluttered with carts I got worried until we entered the room. spacious beautiful bathroom. comfortable large bed.tv. loved it. overlooked the mosque enjoyed call to prayer. The only thing that was not so great was the work that was going on in the mornings the sounds of jack hammers. but after a while you tend to ignore it. the area is rather disappointing but cabs are plentiful. the resteraunt chor Bizarre was very busy and the food seemed more for tourist but there are really good vegetarian places only a few blocks away. I totally would go back ,really enjoyed my stay.	
Jul 6 2008 	Hotel Broadway	We really enjoyed our stay at Hotel Broadway. The room was OK (the view was nice, but the room was quite noisy), the breakfast was great and the staff were very friendly. We ate at the restaurant (Chor Bizarre) several times and really loved everything we ordered, in particular the gulab jamun.	
Mar 5 2008 	Common areas look great ......	This hotel was booked as part of a package tour of Rajasthan and Agra. It lived up to most of the reviews - an average sort of place. The common areas were quite clean and attractive, including the breakfast room. The room itself was fairly large, with twin beds, and nicely appointed. It looks like the furniture and fixtures were recevently updated, although the walls were stained. The bathroom shower sprayed a fine mist, but the vent vents into the hallway, so not only is your privacy compromised, but you'll also hear everyone / everything in the hallway. The room was not well insulated, so we could hear honking horns all day and all night as well as the barking and howling dogs. For those in need of English language television, there are about 80 cable stations of India and English language programming. The airconditioner worked, but the heater seemed a bit lacking, so ask for extra blankets if you're cold.The breakfast was pretty skimpy - toast, thin oatmeal, hardboiled eggs, bread, potatoes, artificial juice, tea and coffee. On the second day, fried eggs were also available, as well as cold cereals. The cleanliness was a bit suspect as we saw the staff wipe the used plates and cutlery and replace them on the table ...... using the same cloth that just wiped off the table ! However, perhaps because it was the start of our trip, this lack of cleanliness did not have an immediate effect on our digestive system (that would come later in the trip).We didn't get a chance to eat dinner there, although the guides and drivers remarked that the food was supposed to be quite good.The front desk staff was accommodating in making change for us and made us feel welcome.	
Feb 16 2008 	Inexpensive and just OK	My son and I had dinner at the hotel's much praised restaurant, Chor Bizarre, in 2004. It was outstanding, a Mughal feast. For that reason I decided to stay at the Broadway on my solo October 2007 visit. I thought I might take all my meals at the Chor.The restaurant was a diappointment. Breakfast offered just two kinds of eggs -- scrambled one day, hard boiled the next -- and few other dishes. The entrees I ordered at lunch and dinner were good, not great.My single room had one window: it looked out onto a corridor. Actually, my two rooms. Without explanation the staff moved me after two nights -- to the room next door.My first room was designed to appeal to a six-year-old. Its curtains were decorated with cartoon characters, as was its bedspread and other items and parts of the room. Since the bed was a single, I wondered if many young children checked in alone.Aside from a bed, the room also had a chair and table (the latter attached to a wall), a small closet, a full-length mirror (decorated with cartoon characters), and a safe.The bathroom was quite modern -- and also very cramped.The Broadway's location is a bit distant from Connaught Circle -- about half-way between Connaught Circle and Old Delhi -- but since Delhi is so spread out, that's not really a disadvantage.A clear advantage is price: having paid between US$200 and US$300 on my previous trip, the Broadway's US$80 rate was quite welcome.	
Feb 10 2008	Great location	I've just spent a couple of days at the Broadway. It's on Asaf Ali Rd right next to Delhi gate and is ideally located for exploring Old Delhi,Jama Masjid and the Red Fort. All the drivers seem to know it so you'll have no trouble with directions.I had room 14 - a single room which was windowless. It was, however, clean and the bathroom was well equipped with regular clean towels. It's a bit basic, I suppose, and you couldn't call it luxurious but the downstairs restaurant is excellent and always busy with Indians and foreigners alike. Staff were likeable enough and more than happy to arrange pick-ups and suchlike.Would I stay there again? - mmmmm, dunno. At that price range I dare say it's fair value for Delhi but it was a wee bit characterless.	
Feb 4 2008 	It smells bad!!!	We were 9 persons staying at this hotel for some days.I booked there because I had read about it in a Lonley Planet Guide, but we did not like it because:- The single room had no window!- Outside our room there was a mosque (very noisy very, very early in the morning!!)- The staff was not very friendly or helpfull.- Yes, the rooms had A/C but the corridor and the lift were hot!- But most of all: Everywhere there was a very bad smell....But when all this is said I have to add that the location was good. We walked in the small streets behind the hotel and it was near several places - we could go by rickshaw or Tuk-Tuk in a few minutes.I will not recommend this hotel - it must be easy to find a better one!	
Jan 17 2008 	value for money	this hotel was good value, not luxurious but good size room, good shower room, nice and clean, clean sheets and towels, attatched to chor bizzarre restaurant which is very nice!	
Nov 27 2007 	Cheap but not again	I got a good price, and didn't have that high expectations. If I had been staying for longer I would have asked for another room. I got a a windowless room, which is the dirtiest hotel room I've ever received. With a cockroach, previous guests hair, dust, and so on. The bed was very hard. And the door had a huge gap under neath so all sounds in the corridor could be heard. There was also a call too prayer at sun rise. I slept very poorly the 2 nights in the hotel. But I've also heard from the other guests that there is a big difference in the rooms. So be sure to check what you get. That said they were very helpful. They organized breakfast before opening hours for me and a tour group. I was slightly worried about eating in the Chor Bizzare restaurant, given the cleaning level in my room. But it was excellent, with very nice staff, and good food. Try the saffron, semolina desert. This was in the hight of turist season with a Indian Pakistan cricket match, and a lot of fairs in Delhi so all the hotels where rather full.	
Nov 24 2007 	Quirky clean and comfortable	When we arrived at the Broadway early in the morning we were shown to room 26. This room had clean beds and clean bathroom facilities with reasonable aircon. Other than that it was pretty shabby. When we had slept and got up to go out of the hotel, the receptionist advised that our 'superior room' was now ready. We were shown to a very smart room, spotlessly clean (room 22) at the front. It felt like we were in a different hotel. It's worth checking to see what room you are in. The road outside however, at the front, was really noisy. Vehicles going all night. On balance it was a great place to stay. I can't comment on the value for money as it was part of an inclusive deal. The restaurant was good, always busy, you need to book yourself a table. Breakfast included a choice of hot food and the usual toast, cereal etc. The staff were a little stiff (in that slightly brusque Indian kind of way) but after a couple of days they were really friendly. Prices for the phone and room service were cheap, i'd expect to be paying over the top in Delhi.	
Sep 30 2007 	Not a good experience	I booked this hotel after reading the one good review on tripadvisor and reading in various guidebooks that this hotel was a good value. I disagree. Although the hotel succeeded in providing us with a reliable pickup at the airport (we then used that driver for our tour of the Golden Triangle) for what we paid we did not get a good value. The hotel placed us in a room that was next door to a room that was being gutted. This meant we were woken up at 8:00 am every morning while we were on holiday by hammering, men talking, and sounds of drywall and plaster coming down three feet from us. After looking into the room next door, it was apparent that we were sleeping next to potentially unhygenic conditions, there was a pile of trash, drywall, plaster, and cement blocks in the room.Breakfast was less than desirable, the restaurant was dark and gloomy with a buffet that was questionably fresh. Suprising coming from such a highly rated restaurant, Chor Bizarre. Needless to say we did not eat dinner there. The area is convenient for sightseeing around Old Delhi but honestly it doesn't matter as you should hire a driver while in New Delhi to alleviate yourself from the frustration of traffic and getting ripped off by taxis and rickshaws.Overall we would not return to this hotel. The hotel room was clean, but given the conditions of the room next door (two feet from our beds) I would not pay US$100 for this room. It was worth perhaps US$30 at the most.	
Apr 12 2007 	Great little hotel	Stayed at the Broadway hotel for two nights on arriving in Delhi, after reading good reports about it in the Lonely Planet guide. Its very close to the Red Fort, and Chandni Chowk ( a maze of narrow streets and alleyways full of shops and Indian life.) The rooms in the hotel are clean , with air-con, and very good bathrooms. Times of India delivered to your door every morning. The front desk changes money at a reasonable rate. The famous &quot;Chore Bizarre&quot; restaurant lives up to it's name, excellent food, wine and service!! There's even an antique car on which breakfast is served from! The &quot;Thugs&quot; bar serves just about anything you can think of. It wasn't the Ritz, but a very good value 3 star hotel. I paid about £20 for the room and a decent breakfast. All in all, a great little hotel.	
Nov 10 2009 	??????????		
Nov 20 2007 	a evité		
Jul 16 2009 	cheap nice enough.....	its not 5 star accomodation but its nicer than some of the others the shower rooms/toliet isnt like a hotel one its more like what ud have in ur bathroom........ I think the best thing about this hotel is the nice cheap currys, the friendly staff the giantic beds and they offer cable which has a few english speaking channels. Location is not too bad either everything u need is reachable which a short walk its just round the cornor from a train station where u can catch trains too places all round india a good place too go from here thats not too far away is agra where u can see the Taj Mahal	
Jun 30 2009 	Hell on earth	The hotel is filthy, the staff are all dishonest. The Manager is even worse than the staff, I am used to travelling in India, but this hotel and any in its group are to be avoided.Room service tried to charge 200 INR for 2 bottles of coke (menu price less than 40 INR)Sandwich 600 rupee, menu price 65 rupee.We needed a room on our return to Delhi, the manager promised to upgrade us for the one night, the room in in the nearby Yuvraj was just has filthy (someone's period stains were on &quot;clean sheets&quot;) The upgraded room is listed as 1200 rupees on their website, the manager tried to charge 2800 rupees. there is not a hotel on that street that charges over 1500 rupees per night.Avoid this group like the plague.	
Mar 1 2009 	Do Not Stay Here!	Do not let the reception fool you, we got a warm welcome but it went downhill from there. The room was dirty and smelly. We got ripped off due to taking the services offered by the hotel and the one time we got food from the hotel we couldnt eat it as it wasnt cooked right! On a more positive note there was security in the hotel and once youve stayed here anywere else will seem lovely.	
May 24 2008 	This so-called hotel is awful	I had to stay at Chand Palace in April 2008 for 5 days before I left India after a 3 month stay in New Delhi. You will see a lot of dirtness all over Delhi but you should expect that at a place where you pay that much money. The room itself - with a window which was too small to see the wall on the otherside of the &quot;street&quot; - was some how clean but the bathroom was a disaster. The basin was broken, the water was so strange that you couldn't use it for brushing your teeth - it's the only place I have seen where you can't even use the tube water for that purpose - the only towel I got during the whole stay was dirty and had some stains from someone who was spitting pan in it, you will have just one winter blanket, which is useless for temperatures like 20 to 30 degrees during the night. Beside that, you should take some earplugs with you otherwise you are not able to sleep because of all that noise.The food was like the street food 20 Rps. which you can get everywhere in Delhi but here you will be at least 100 Rps. Furthermore, we you check in the hotel and ask for the price of the stay, then do that in a written form. I asked the desk manager before my check in and at the end it was nearly the double of the price. If you really want to enjoy that beautiful country and city than choose some of the other, less expensive and pleasent and really nice hotels - I mean one of the houses that is worth calling it a hotel - in New Delhi.	
Feb 4 2008	Terrible in every aspect	We stayed there for 3 nights in January.It was by far the worst and most expensive room we had in our holidays...:-No daylight-VERY loud-Dirty -Very cold (no real windows).-Slum-like neighborhood-No hot water (we actually paid for hot water)-VERY unfriendly staff-Very expensive in comparisonAt the checkout they cheated with the account.So, just stay away from this [--] hole and look in Lonely Planetfor decent rooms...Regards,Christoph	
Dec 10 2007 	It was terrible and dirty	Dirty!! the staff is always spitting. Noisy.	
Jun 12 2007 	Terrible slum	Dark dingy room with leaking toilet, wierd unfriendly service, yellow dirty cold and smelling &quot;shower&quot;/pipe water. Stayed only one night thankfully, was worst night of 4month trip, even the hotel's own driver rips you off (400rps to conaught place via an unwelcome stop at his friend's restaurant!). Place accross the 'street' is a falling down firework factory...take care! If you are used to any sort of basic comfort then stay somewhere in southern New Delhi, not Paranganj! Positive reviews must be from hotel owner or staff, this place is not remotely acceptable even to a backpacker, certainly not at GBP20/night in India! We stayed in many other places in India, and hence I know how poor quality this places is compared to others around the country. Don't be fooled by the front desk, these places seems to spend their whole budget on the lobby alone!	
Feb 25 2007 	Total Dump	Dirtiest and filthy place we had ever stayed, expected better in the capital, Holes in the wall with area around the Air conditioner open, noise, cold air and polltuion of delhi can be well savoured here.Place was dirty, we changed room 3 times in 2 nights, hot water problem, not on till the reception want a shower.Room smelt of Shitand Urine, may be the Delhi aroma as all Indian ciites now a days. POLLUTION.Fake reviews may be from locals not from poor foreigners who are conned into these hotels. Even the ELECTRIC SWITCH IN THE BATH ROOM WAS HANGING OUT OF THE WALL. hEALTH &amp; SAFETY IS -zeerroo-	
Oct 19 2006	Good Hotel!	Good Hotel!It was great. We had a clean comfortable room. Checkin &amp; Checkout service was great&amp; quick.	
Oct 15 2006	Not a any star hotel	no airport pick up unless advance payment...reservation didnot mean anything......endup picking up taxi (300rs for two)salty running water and it is yellow (non filtered from river yamuna)other people airport pick up was charged dubble becuse diffrent flight....promished 175Rs per person...charged ....300 per person we stayed two night group of 28 people..(since was schduale gethering there...we had no choice).cocroch runs for life soon as light turn on....rooms are not near what show on site ...showed on site is model 2 rooms....not a deluxe ac rooms.bed sheets had a blood spots. replacement had similer other stain......resturent will bring food from outside and charge guest triple price ....no big vehical go in a doorway .unless you have small economy car .....it is not on main road....forget about parking (no parking at all...place stink like dump site ...or rotten egg........no running hot water ......only for 6-8am ...other wise take a bath peal...2 tea and 4.tost cost Rs.500 charge guest for bakery not for bread.....i ask him i don't want to buy bakery...place is worst than privet motel in us ........	
Oct 8 2006	Good security	It was a bit quite.Good Security!Room and bathroom were clean.Bed was so comfortable.Everything was Good.	
May 8 2006	One night no problems	I stayed for one night here and found it fine. Nice staff, good location, my ride to the airport came quickly and was resonably priced, the phone worked, as did everything else in the room. There were a few creepy crawlies in the bathroom but they didn't bother me! I would stay here again but next time I go to India I will be on a tighter budget and this will be a little over.	
Apr 28 2006	RUN from this place!	Terrible location. Very dirty. Broken toilet, broken and filthy fridge, and broken air conditioner. Rooms smelled like dead fish. Don't even think of a good nights rest here.	
Mar 3 2006	One of the best hotel Loved It	I stayed three days in this hotel and found that this place was remarkable with best staff. I recieved warm welcome at the airport with the pickup and the hotel was very nice and loved it so much. This hotel consulted me a tour which was great recomended by Raman who runs Akshat Tours and Travel, I would recomed it to all my travel minded friends...	
Dec 4 2005	Hotel Chand Palace-poor	Having already booked with Expedia, I was expecting worse when I read reviews such as those atandHowever, I had only paid the minimum rate for a room and I did have a window, a fridge, a TV, my own loo (which leaked) and a fan (the noise of which was very necessary at night to blank out other noises. There was no hot water, the room was dirty (but not crawling!), and many fittings were broken. There were a lot of (friendly)staff who never a seemed to do anything unless you actually gave them the bin to empty.It was just about OK for me, but I could not recommend it unless you are desperate to save your last dollar	
Oct 22 2005	dirty building site	This is not a nice hotel. It is basic but not at all clean. It is currently undergoing building work and together with hotel being built next door means there is constant drilling, welding and hammering from early am til late at night. The room was damp and the carpet crawling, literally. The food was okay and the staffwere nice enough but if you need some sleep, forget it. Also, room had no windows and broken AC unit.	
Jun 29 2005	Friendly Hotel	I stayed in Hotel Chand Palace 2 nights and i was very happy to know this hotel where the employees are very kindly with guests and i will recommend this hotel to my friends.Gerard Luzi	
Nov 4 2006 	Une séjour plaisant		
Nov 25 2009	Lovely Place	The hotel is amazing n i m impressed by d management of staff..Food quality is too good..the hotel is well built n neat &amp; clean place to hang out and for function purposes also	
Jul 29 2009 	Lovely hotel great service though not centrally located	I stayed here for 4 nights with my family. The rooms are big and clean. The service is absolutely fantastic. One morning we left very early to travel to Agra and the staff made sure there was breakfast available (even though the kitchen was meant to be open yet). We ordered room service one evening and the food was with us after 10 minutes and was delicious!The buffet breakfast was included. It was pretty good - selection of hot and cold dishes, Indian and Western. Also, they russle up a great masala omlette!I didn't use it but there is a decent looking outdoor swimming pool.On the down-side: not much of a business centre (1 computer and a fax/printer!) and not centrally located.	
Apr 4 2009 	Pretty Good	Stayed here for the final 4 nights of my Delhi trip. The Modern hotel is a good distance out of the city but the Metro link nearby is good. The rooms were very nice. No problem with the mentioned pigeons, room on 7th floor overlooking the park. The Cafe 24 restaurant was quite good and I found the breakfast very satisfactory. The Bar was quiet and nice for a quiet drink in the evening. There was not a lot to dislike bar the overpriced Internet Access which was also very unreliable. The area around the Hotel is not great with some very poor dwellings situated close by. Saying this there was no feeling of danger while walking the area.	
Nov 13 2008 	Never Again	In the middle of nowhere. 45mins into delhi town, just feels like a lifetime with the taxi drivers.American breakfast!!!!!!! Have I got it wrong, do Americans now have curry and ommlette for breakfast.?As I was there on business I required internet access, this was unavailable for 2 days and when it was available I learnt that the whole of the hotel has only purchased around 9 hours for a 15 day period! I was aware that internet was chargable so was surprised to learn that the maximum logon was 43mins.Swimming pool was unavailable.Restaurants consist of 1 with 2 menus, food was not greatBar area was so dimly lit it was like sitting in a mine with no atmosphere.Staff not very helpfull.Expensive in comparison to many others in better positions.Left a day early, I would not recommend this hotel and if my PA was not my wife I would sack her	
Oct 31 2008 	Great Place To Stay	The place is lovely, the staf are great and the food fantastic but expensive.The only other issue was the expensive internet connection	
Oct 9 2008 	Peaceful haven in Delhi!	City Park is a modern 7-storey hotel on the northern edge of Delhi. To get the negative out the way first, it is a bit isolated, but it is easy to order a tuctuc or taxi. However, as the name suggests, there is a park opposite, so views from many rooms are quite relaxing, which counts for a lot in somewhere as manic as Delhi, and of course that also reduces the street noise. And it is easily accessible by the main routes in and around Delhi. This hotel is easily up to 4* European standards, close to 5*. Rooms are very large, the beds soft, the aircon quiet, the bathrooms well equipped and clean. Welcome cake, water and fruit a nice touch, particularly after a long flight or drive. The Chilli restaurant food was really very good, plentiful and reasonably priced at about £3-4 for a main dish, but the beer very pricey, £3/bottle, 50% more than most restaurant prices, and the service we received was a bit slow and staff seemed completely thrown because we changed the number of people on our reservation. There's a pool in summer, which is welcome. The extensive banquetting facilities also give an indication of the hotole's quality. Great for a stopover or a few days.	
Jul 20 2008 	Poor Location But Clean	Clean rooms, seemed far from the city, decent breakfast and good gym (for India). Basic business hotel. We stayed there 3 times over 3 weeks and each time the Internet was down which was pretty annoying.	
May 1 2008	Sleepless night	We stayed for one night at this hotel on the first leg of the Golden Triangle tour, therefore this hotel was booked for us by our tour operator.Much to our disappointment, the hotel was a good 1.5 to 2 hours drive from the centre of Delhi. Some members of our Group had previously arranged to eat out in Delhi, but this would not have been possible. There was nothing much to do in the vicinity of the hotel.We ate in the hotel restaurant. The food was very nice, though terribly expensive even by London standards.The biggest problem we had was that of sleep (or lack of). After travelling for around 36 hours and with only a few hours sleep on the plane, we were hoping for a good night's sleep here.During the night, my wife and I thought someone was on the balcony trying to break in, until we discovered that around 10 to 15 pigeons were sitting on the balcony banging against the bedroom window.A bigger nuisance, however, was that a wedding was taking place at the hotel that night and at around 11pm they congregated in the car park below our balcony. They played drums and trumpets loudly until 2.30am. At midnight I called reception asking to change room, but my request was denied (only to find out in the morning that other guests had moved rooms during the night).The following morning we complained to the staff at reception who were totally disinterested in what I had to say. They offered to change our room.....even though we were in the process of checking out!Breakfast might have been good, but I was in such a grumpy mood that I couldn't possibly comment on it objectively! The butter was rock solid and was unspreadable- that's about as much as I remember.I would not stay there again.	
Apr 29 2008 	pleasant hotel in dubious area	We stayed in this hotel twice, one night at the start of our tour, and then again just before we were due to fly out of Delhi. On our first visit we were put into rooms on a lower floor, and the pigeon problem others have mentioned wasn't too obvious. However on our final night we were roomed on the 7th floor and they were a thorough nuisance - flying into the windows, and constantly moving around during the night. The area around the hotel is not one that you would feel safe exploring, though lots of people seemed to be socialising quite happily in the park across the road. The hotel is so far out of the city centre that it is difficult to use as a base for your own sightseeing. We got a map from reception and realised that we were almost off the map of central Delhi. Like us, most of the guests seemed to be on tours and they only stay here briefly. A previous poster has mentioned dirty carpets - I think we must have stayed in the room after them as our carpets had obviously just been washed and were still a little damp. However - there are lots of pluses for this hotel. We found the staff pleasant and trying hard to be helpful. They did get overwhelmed at checkout time, as all guests are being picked up together. The staff in the bar were really nice, though we found the drinks pricey on Indian standards. The coffee shop downstairs was a pleasant place for breakfast, plenty of choice, though we didn't discover that eggs would be cooked to order on our first visit - just ask and the chef will appear. We enjoyed our stay at this hotel - as long as you are using it as a brief base you will find it quite adequate for you needs.	
Apr 19 2008	Depressing setting	This was part of the Golden Triangle Trip (so Hotels booked for us)&amp; we had stayed at The Oberoi Maidens, Delhi for 3 nights at the beginning (which was excellent) so this Hotel was depressing, by comparison-even though the food was fine.There was nowhere to walk to -the Cinema &quot;complex&quot;next door was bleak &amp; semi derelict. There is a slum just next to it (with, we were told, Bangladesh refugees) with sludge/sewage/junk on the pavement - so it seems a bit spoilt of us to complain about the Hotel-neverthelessthe carpet in the bedroom was covered in stains. It also felt a bit malevolant outside-as men were being sleazy (to me-a female even tho walking with my husband in daylight) &amp; it was very noisy at night with shouting/car alarms &amp; pigeons/dogs (as others have said)..A highlight was an Extreme Sport chipmunk which sky-dived down from the roof of the Hotel Tower block &amp; swam across the swimming pool!	
Jan 22 2008	Rude Unfriendly Staff Bad Breakfast Annoying Pigeons on Balcony	The tour company (Hi-Tours) put us in this hotel for two nights. We had stayed at another budget hotel in Delhi on our own where we had a good experience (Silver Ferns). The City Park is totally remote, far from anything and the former mall next door is empty except for a cookie store and an optical shop. We did not feel safe when we walked in the neighborhood. Our room overlooked a rubble filled parking lot behind the mall, and the balcony was full of loud pigeons cooing and pooping everywhere. Dogs barked tor hours in the night. The staff was rude and inefficient. I waited in line for 15 minutes to pay my bill on leaving because the person in front of me had questions about her bill. Six employees devoted all of their time to her and totally ignored me except to tell me to &quot;have a seat.&quot; The breakfast was tourist oriented and the service was slow. The room was adequate but I can't recommend this place for anyone.	
Dec 28 2007 	Great for a brief stopover	This hotel was arranged for us as part of a tour so we didn't have any choice in where we stayed, but we weren't disappointed. We arrived in the evening, having spent most of the day travelling up from Goa, and the day had been a bit fraught due to delayed flights and the possibility of missing our connection (which we didn't, thanks to tremendous efficiency by Kingfisher Airlines staff). The hotel was clean, comfortable and had the best bed out of the 5 hotels we stayed in during our 2 week trip.Because we arrived quite late, we didn't bother to go out but just had a few drinks and a snack in the hotel bar. Food and drinks were okay.On the down side, there were pigeons on the railings outside our window and we were woken up at 4 am by what sounded like tap dancing - it was the pigeons being restless. The swimming pool looked nice although the water was a bit cloudy. Some people might also be put off by the fact that the pigeons were also sitting along the edge, having a bath in the water!Breakfast was good, although for a country known for its tea, I wasn't impressed - far too weak and wishy washy!The one problem we encountered was a small visitor in our room. I saw something scuttling along the floor and thought it was an insect. My husband saw it and realised it was a small mouse - on the 7th floor! The hotel staff were amazed when we reported this but hopefully, they dealt with it as soon as we checked out.	
Dec 10 2007	Lovely Hoetl	We stayed at City park as part of a tour around india. I have no idea how much it costs but it terms of decor and space it was brilliant. The rooms were big with all modern ammenities. It is quite far from the very centre of delhi but you get taxi's everywhere anyway. The manager was very friendly and made sure we had a good time. Just be aware that everyone wants a tip, just say thank you and close the door. Nice hotel.	
Dec 6 2007	Nice hotel to stay in and to get a great exp.	A 4 star hotel having all the 5star facilities and amenities at a great price,will love to stay here again on my next visit to delhi, staff was very friendly and helpful the environment with in a hotel was gud,and food was excellent specially yellow chilli......an indian restaurant......	
Jan 24 2007 	I recommend City Park	I was booked at the Jaypee Siddarth; however, despite having a confirmed reservation, I was rebooked at the City Park Hotel. I am glad. While it is not the most centrally located, the rooms are clean and the customer service is exceptional. I will definitely stay here again and the prices are reasonable - a rarety in India where hotel prices are unreal.	
Jan 11 2007 	Lovely to look but beware.....	We found ourselves at the City Park for one night in between internal flights in India. Hotel space in Delhi is at a premium so we were glad to get a central(ish) room in a supposedly good four star hotel. We were pleasantly surprised upon arrival as the lobby and surrounding areas looked welcoming, spacious and well laid out. The staff at check in were cordial rather than friendly. Our departure next morning was early and we had to be at the airport for around 6.00 a.m. so the car was coming to pick us up at 5.00.We had our young daughter with us and didn't want her to travel on an empty stomach so we made arrangements for a small breakfast before we left. We were assured it would be there. Their full breakfast, which we had paid for doesn't start till after 6.30. When we arrived downstairs the following morning the cafe was shut and the manager wanted to charge us for providing a sandwich from room service to take with us. All they would provide was a cup of tea or coffee and toast and bits of fruit There was no flight information which a lot of hotels (4 star and upwards have). In short no one cared.So I would say looks can be deceptive and if you don't want to be done - avoid this hotel. This is a 4 star hotel with 0 star customer care standards.	
Oct 20 2006 	pleasant oasis in the suberbs	A little way out of the city centre and set amid tumble down houses and shops, this hotel is an adequate stop over. It has two restaraunts and a spa. (the aruvedic massages are cheaper then in Kerala with a one hour massage for 600 inr plus tax). The hotel derives its name from a city park directly opposite which provides a pleasant area to walk without the hassle of New Delhi streets. Unfortunately open public urinals line the side of the street and the smell can be over powering on a hot day. Rooms are well appointed and the beds are comfortable.	
Apr 13 2006	Great Hotel - Far Away	This is an excellent hotel. The front desk staff were very good, the food was good (breakfast was fair, but the dinners were excellent), and the room was clean. Laundry service was prompt and very good as well. It is just not in a very good location. It is very far from the main part of the city - it took me 1-1/2 hours from the airport, 1-1/2 hours to meet a friend at the Crowne Plaza Hotel, and 1-1/2 hours to the Baha'i Temple. I spent a lot of time in a car on the crazy roads of Delhi. There is wireless Internet access in the rooms, but its is very slow, and I had to sit near the door to get a signal.	
Mar 18 2006	Too Far from the Main Delhi Attractions Expensive	If you are looking to do some sight seeing in Delhi, do not stay here, its in one end of Delhi (extreme North) far from the main attractions and you will get far better services and grandness with hotels in South/Central part of Delhi at lesser or comparable price. Its lobby and public areas are far smaller than most other 5 stars in Delhi and is located on a relatively smaller street in front. The distance of Delhi's main attractions like Lodhi Gardens, India Gate, Bahai Temple, Old Fort is atleast 20Kms from here and you can end up spending a 1-2 hours to travel in peak hours (one way). The only place which is closeby (relatively only) is some of the Old Delhi attractions about 12-15Kms from this place but then its the same from the hotels in Central/South Delhi as well. There is absolutely no attraction around this hotel.This hotel also has mind boggling banquet business where marriages/family functions are organized making it a nuisance for the residents because of the noise and people which frequent in 100s all on a single day. It has atleast 3-4 banquets halls.This hotel is located in a North Delhi residential area while most of Delhi's other good hotels are located in posh south delhi localities.	
Jan 3 2006	city park	we stayed here as the 1st night of our golden triangle tour. it wasthe best of the 3 hotels we stayed at - very clean, good rooms, and good service. the breakfast was not so good but we got much more than we expected.it was overall excellentand i will definitely sty here again on my next visit to delhi	
Dec 28 2005	A sound hotel with an excellent restaurant	We stayed in 5 hotels whilst in India and this was one of the best. It is very much a hotel catering for the business traveller, however, if you want to get into the centre of Delhi it will take around an hour due to the shear volume of traffic.The rooms are clean, are well decorated and a good size. The restaurant was excellent and probably one of the best we ate at in India!!There is also the usual facilities at the hotel, Gym, swimming pool, 24hr room service etc.A previous review of the hotel commented on &quot;tipping&quot; and staff holding out their cupped hands. We didnt experience this at this hotel, however, it is a very common trait in India.No real complaints about the hotel.	
Oct 22 2005	Do not pay to sufffer - Never Again	We were on a World trip in April through to June 2006. We saw this Hotel rated as a 5 star and recommended by all major airlines. Whilst in the Hotel, we were advised NOT to drink the water, let water when showering enter your mouth, eat washed fruit or any salads. Strange for a 5 star which should have had water purification.All staff were atttentive but held out their hands to make their wages, not tips. Other people we met in the Hotel had the same experience. All staff were underpaid yet room rates were from US$200 per night. One would bring 1 towel, get a tip and return with a helper and another towel and want more money for his return PLUS his mate. Then flowers, then soap, then more bottled water at US$4 per bottle. We met several others with the same experience and they paid more than us.Tthe owners ate in the restaurant and when they did, all staff left us and other guests and served he owners who did not care. I saw the owner's wife order six drinks in succession as she just changed her mind, sent the untouched drinks away and was so rude to the staff I could not but interupt and tell her off. She said we could leave the Hotel if we did not like it. How rude! as she was just so disgusting and I have not seen animalss treated the way she treated her staff.Everything organised from the Hotel was upwards of 5 times the price of anywhere else. they were renovating with jackhammers from 6am up to 10pm every night and regardless of complaints, ignored us and other guests who were lined up to complain.I felt sorry for the staff who tried so hard, but the management despised their guests, and their staff.I wrote to this Hotel and the Airlines who recommended it because I want to make sure others do not pay to suffer. Not even a reply.Never again!Marcus	
Sep 28 2006 	Ottimo e bellissimo		
	good value for money	i was at Clark heights to meet my girl friend came from Dubai. First i was very hazy about where she is staying. after reaching there we have found that safe and nice pl;ace. in the main city off course nosiy like Delhi. Under one roof all the services available for the travelers. From Pick Up to Drop.I would recommend to every one	
Nov 22 2009 	Adequate rooms friendly staff but beware of being ripped off!	The rooms in this hotel were adequate though super super deluxe far nicer and more spacious than lesser rooms. Not great value for money and very noisy due to construction work and the busy road outside. Staff on reception were nice and friendly, with the exception of the travel agent who charged extortionate prices for hiring hotel taxis and double charged us (service charge) for booking train tickets to Amritsar. We were also told that Delhi was closed on a Friday in order to sell us a trip out of Delhi, when in reality it wasn't! This gave us a bad impression of the hotel as a whole.	
Nov 22 2009 	Don't stay at this hotel.	Rooms were ok, but everything else was terrible about this place. The staff changed their pricing on us many times (and of course, they over charged us). They don't have a restuarant although they say they do. Instead if you order something, they will just find it on the street and bring it to your room. Every person you see in the hotel expects a high tip for doing nothing. They say they have internet, but it is the computer they use at the front desk. Overall, this was the worst place I have stay at in India and the price was one of the highest.	
Nov 21 2009 	safe place	We booked 10 rooms for the marriage purpose for three nights stay. Hotel staff was very helpful speciall the lady at reservation helped us alot in arranging the batchlores party at the basement. This was very near to our house and the marriage location. all aur family members came form different parts enjoyed and cherish the stay over there.	
Nov 20 2009 	Average hotel but lots of hidden costs	We stayed at Clark Heights for 5 days in November. Original my boyfriend and I were given the wrong room - we had paod for a super deluxe but they put us in a delux - after arguing our case they graciously put us in a much better room. Some of the staff were very nice but we were charged extortionaly for organising taxis with the hotel (including a car to Agra) and service charge on train tickets were high. Recommend to get Rickshaws than use their taxis. Overall a noisey but average hotel.	
Nov 18 2009	Poor value for money	This hotel was nothing special. Firstly, it is currently undergoing building works so you are staying on a construction site. The rooms were basic. The reception staff were helpful, except for the woman who arranged our trip to Agra and Amritsar - she ripped us off and then told us we were untrustworthy when we refused to pay charges that she hadn't told us about. This was after she had told us that the whole of Delhi would be closed on one of our days there, which we found out later wasn't true. There was always someone available to drive us places, though at an expensive cost. All in all, we weren't very impressed with this hotel and if you do stay here, don't book any trips without negotiating the price first.	
Nov 15 2009 	Seepage in the Room	Paying more money than the nearly hotels we expected more standard butthere was seepage in our rooms and it was smelling. We do notunderstand as to then give the room to customers.	
Oct 29 2009 	No Limit for cheating.	I book room from internet. No pick up and no refund. 80 Kms. small taxi for 15 Rs. 1 km. cheating travelers coming for 1st time to india. High price hotel/ guest house.	
Oct 28 2009 	Good value and nice location	We stayed for 4 nights. The hotel has a nice location - yes, there is noise from the streets - but nothing you couldn`t live with.Friendly staff an ok restaurant with cheap food.	
Oct 23 2009	Love the hotel location	I was there in months of september with my father. I would like to share my views abouth clark heights. I personally feel this hotel is good for those people who visit first time in india bcoz here, I found very helpful and caring people and they helped me in my further tour as well and very well organized by the hotel staff. The rooms are very nice and specious I love to give **** star for this hotel. Only problem with our taxi driver that is he was to fast.I like this hotel bcoz of the location of the hotel in on the main road and they have there own parking facilities plus market is also very near to this place. Here, Reception staff is extremely helpful and well behave...	
Oct 21 2009 	i m loving it	as i wnt to d hotel i was really impresd by the intrir.................the staff was really good and coperative..............i enjoyed hotel.........the food i had there was delisious.......	
Oct 11 2009 	Noisy	The hotel was clean, room mid size.No pick up at the airport. Very noisy all night.Staff was nice location was ok; we prepaid 250 IR for a car taxi from airport	
Oct 10 2009 	Truly home away from home.	The experience at clark was better than any five star hotel I v stayed in and I v stayed in many as I m a flight attendant . The rooms are way bigger n nicer than most. The staff was incredibly attentive and caring .(especially to my kids who did nt want step out of the hotel as they were so at home there.) The food was divine. and they took every care to cater to my kids' special 'out of menu' orders. All my out of town tours to Amritsar n Agra were very well arranged.The only thing I think They could improve upon is the toilet ameneties and external facade.	
Oct 10 2009 	Constantly mislead me	I arrived in Nov in Delhi with my family. We booked hotel clarck online because it was easy. As expected we were picked up at the airport. The rooms were not as nice as the photos online, at all. We arrived late so had little choice. the y cheat us badly.........	
Oct 6 2009 	Wrong Presentation	I booked this hotel on a friend’s recommendation and after looking the reviews on trip advisor. The hotel is not clean 25 % of what it is displayed as. The staff is just eager to sell you tour to Agra and Jaipur. There ware small insects in the room, the bathroom has a foul smell. The hotel is on a busy road so we had no sleep the whole night. Charge is quit high compared to the services. We do not recommend it to any traveler from USA or Europe.	
Sep 24 2009 	It's completely of the type i would prefer......	I enjoyed a great 2-days stay over there with my colleagues. The interior of the hotel is very impressive and I must give a special compliment 2 the hotel staff too because they managed it very well. The service is really upto the mark and moreover, what I liked the most is its location. I mean its too easy to get to other places from here which was our prime requirement during that trip. And, getting all this at so reasonable price is none less than a pleasant surprise. Infact, I am looking forward to more stays in CLARK HEIGHTS during my future trips to Delhi. I would definitely refer this hotels to all my friends....:))	
Sep 14 2009 	Excellent service pleasant and helpful staff Warm ambience	Hi ,I visted india in month of aug, with few freinds fro a wedding, Since we wanted to stay closer to central delhi and were on abudget , we chose this hotel.Good value for money.The staff was courteous , freindly and very helpful. The rooms were nicely done and clean. The late night coffe shop was a blessing for us due to late night at wedding function.The staff even helped us in getting few things that we had missed to carry along.,They even got our gifts packed in a very elegant way.I would recommend thsi hotel to all my friends from US. and would definately go back and stay ther.e everytime i visit Delhi.	
Jul 31 2009 	Awesome simply Awesome	I had been to hotel Clark Height in the month of JUNE. I stayed their for 2 nights and 3 days. I must say its the best place have never been i mean the staff was excellent. specially ma fav place there the roof top restaurant such a pleasant place , 24hrs coffee shop, service were at the best and delicious food too. Rooms were quite clean and Comfortable and a king size bed to relax urself. Infrastructure is beautifully designed, internet facilities provided by the hotel was the best the speed was good and i can do my work without any interruption where else at other place i have to pay around 100 Rs. for the same really a helpful atmoshpere. In short will say its a Awesome place and next whenever i m gonna come Delhi my stay will be definetly der at Hotel Clark Height	
Jun 21 2009 	Run Away	Many time you think for the best but you get nothing and you get bad experience yes I had a bad experience as the room given to me was very dirty and towel was smelling.I booked this hotel from internet as the hotel fails to pickup me from airport even the service at night was not good. Big ManMushtaq	
Jun 13 2009 	AWSOME HOTEL	I went to india last month for a business trip and stayed at Hotel Clark Heights.It was a wonderful experience.Room was immaculately clean, the bedding and pillows were heavenly , the bathroom and dressing area was very nice, and a separate space for an office desk and chair.. A lovely hotel. All staff went out of their way to be helpful and pleasant.Enjoyed my visit. I would definitely go back.	
Apr 12 2009 	Excellent hospitality and food	We just returned from a 6 nights stay at Clark Heights hotel at New Delhi. Being from India, I am much familiar to the issues which some hotels in India have and I must say, both my wife and I were thoroughly pleased with the service and the room that this hotel provided us. It is in a crowded road, but accessible to the mero which is about a km away in walking. The best part of this hotel was that it was very clean and the bathrooms were sparkling and fresh. The double delux room is a bit small, but we found it quiet, as it was the corner room for us. The room service and special requests were immediately taken care of. The other thing which we thoroughly enjoyed here was the food. Since we had a six year old son with us who we have not trained to eat spicy food, we asked the cook(chef) to make sure that there is no spice. That was always complied with. The menu is mostly North Indian food with some Chinese and Continental options also. They even packed sandwiches for us in the early hours(4am) of the morning when we were to go to Agra. The food was so tasty, that at times while sight-seeing in Delhi, we used to head back for lunch to the hotel just to have the food. (There is a famous four-start hotel in Connaught place whose restaurant refused to make food with no spice, so we had to walk out). The basement retsaurant is used for lunch and the roof is now made into a roof-top restaurant and the open-air was very pleasant. We can see the metro line and the moving trains from the roof-restaurant, something my son enjoyed. My only wishlist is that the hotel must tie up with a more reliable cab-service, we had some concerns with the car on one of the days(got an inexperienced driver once - a bit dangerous for Delhi traffic, so we stopped the car after couple of minutes and got another reliable driver whom we stuck to), but otherwise pickups from airport and drops went on plan. Overall, a good experience and if we visit Delhi again, for this price, it is a good stay.	
Feb 24 2009 	Decent Hotel Great Staff	This is decent hotel if you want to live around patel nagar, but it is on a very busy intersection, so be carefull to while booking room. Do not book room by metra side, or you will not be able to sleep. Hotel staff was very good. I had an issue with my rental car and I had to call 1000 KM away and my cell phone gave up because it was changing network. Receptioninst lady gave me her own cell phone to use as it was early in the morning. Accept one minor incident of overcharging by room service(This was corrected by front desk right away and they apologized so I will believe it was just a mistake.). Rooms are clean, bathroom is great with international standard and property is very clean.	
Jan 20 2009 	cleancomfortable and friendly.	First time in India and after a poor night in Mumbai I was pleasantly surprised by the Clark Heights hotel. Convenient to the Delhi Metro I found no difficulty getting around.The hotel room was clean and well appointed with a flat panel TV.	
Nov 26 2009 	just a small lodge not a 3 star hotel	The rooms were dull and not clean (a thick layer of dust covered mostof the furniture); the bathroom consisted of a shower, an overflowingtoilet and a bucket; the ceiling was covered with small flies; thehotel was noisy (children running around and constant unidentifieddripping in each room during the whole night); and the breakfastcutlery was not clean.	
Nov 23 2009 	In Delhi you often get less than what you pay for and at this hotel .... much less	I had a 26 hour layover in Delhi, ugh, and I wanted a hotel that was clean, with Wi/Fi where I could crash for the night. This hotel has wi/fi but it is not what the photos portray. The photos that the hotel uses for promotion totally fail to capture what you get at this hotel. Go to Tripadvisor for photos of those who actually stayed here. This hotel is very old and run down. In the room the ceiling fan is too loud to run and to turn off the lamp next to the bed you have to unscrew the bulb. There are stains on the sheets which show that cleanliness is not part of this manager's mentality. The fuzzy TV works but the remote doesn't .... I hope you are getting the picture. The words that come to mind are: grimy, tacky and overpriced for what you get. Finally, outside, where the hotel is located, is blighted, noisy and remote.  Conclusion... there has to be better property's for just a night than this.	
Nov 21 2009 	Really enjoyed	i been to this hotel in this month only, and find it worth it for money, check-in take just 3-4min to get our rooms, housekeeping manager is really helpful, all the staff members are really nice n helping . even there travel desk is very helpful for us.Awesome nad enjoyable trip!!!! gr8t memories	
Nov 21 2009 	Average	The hotel is located in a very busy, noisy and rowdy area. For those who love shopping, it is ideal. However, the staff are curteous and always at one's service. The rooms are neat, the food is satisfactory. The Tour company Abyss Tours lived up to expectation. On my next trip, God willing, even if i don't stay in the hotel, i will still employ the services of Abyss Tours.	
Nov 21 2009 	Very Clean Comfortable and Firendly	The hotel is well positioned, the staff are very friendly and fell over themselves to organise trips for us.Rafiq Khan who operates through the hotel for Indian Tribal Tours arranged for us to have a driver for the say to enable us to see all the sights in the safe knowledge of having a car waiting for us.Lovely friendly people and I owuld recommend both the hotel and people higlhly to all.	
Nov 19 2009 	not recommended	The air con make so much noise that you can’t even get a nap for 5minutes not recommended. Room is ok but all fixtures are old.	
Nov 16 2009 	DO NOT COME HERE “OVERPRICED” FOR ITS QUALITY	A normal hotel which is on the road with lot of traffic noise allnight. They took $70 from me which is overpriced for the service andthe kind of room which was given to me. Why I am saying this becausewhen I went to a nearby hotel(this area is full of hotels). I got amuch better quality and service at 40$ had they given me good andclean towel (they took 30 minutes give me dirty towels) probably Iwould have not checked out and came to know the difference.	
Nov 12 2009 	Excellent budget hotel in Delhi	The hotel arranged to meet &amp; collect us from New Delhi Railway station at 6.30am, and we were transferred efficiently to the hotel. Check in was friendly &amp; efficient &amp; we got a free upgrade. The room was spacious enough, everything worked fine &amp; the included breakfast was very good. I would highly recomment this place for anyone passing through Delhi.	
Nov 10 2009 	Not Worth It	This hotel is in a very busy are. There are many hotels nearly. Therecharges are higher and services are not at all good. We checked out ofthe hotel next morning and the reception took 30 minutes to check usout. The bill was not ready and excuse was that there is someconfusion. If I had a flight to catch, I would have missed it.	
Nov 9 2009 	Open lobby...	This hotel has its reception area open to a very undesirable tour operator (who walks about the hotel giving the impression he is a hotel employee) who attempts to sell you a golden triangle tour for a very high price. Of greater concern is the fact this man somehow manged to find what room we where in, and infact made an internal telephone call to our room to attempt to arrange to meet us to sell his tour services. I wonder if the hotel is taking a commission for this? He was present in the hotel lobby bothering the tourists on all 3 days we where there. His office is around the corner from the hotel, and he will attempt to take you there to do a hard sell. Despite this negative first impression, the food was great as was its price, service could be better. Hotel pick up was relaible. Front of house staff attentive, but aloof at times. Air conditioning was not working in our room and it took over 2 hrs to relocate us. The drains are very smelly and the room had a musty smell to it . Generally clean and well presented. No window in either room so no natural light.	
Nov 9 2009 	Decent Hotel Good Location	This hotel was just fine. Its a little pricey but then so are all hotels in Delhi. We arrived having booked in advance and check in was very smooth. In the first room given the toilet leaked so we asked to move. This was not a problem as other rooms were available. The second room was just fine. Rooms are on the dark side but they are clean and comfortable with satelite TV, Air Con and a Fan. Also we had a fridge which is always nice in such hot tempretures. Hot water only worked in the morning. I like the neighborhood of Karol Bagh. Its in a local Indian Market for Sarees mostly so its interesting to walk around and you dont get hassled too much (comparatively). I always felt safe here. The metro is a 10 minute walk if you want to get around independantly. Also there is always a AutoRickshaw Driver to hand to haggle with. You are close enough to all the attractions by these transports. I would recommend this hotel.	
Nov 3 2009 	A lotus in a market and traffic pond	As i am aregular visiter to delhi due to metro project, this time i made the booking through web and finaly landed to clark which is located in a busy street, But was realy surperised once we enter, it was really cutting you from outer busy environment to clean atmosphere where you can easily relax in clean rooms, staff was realy helpful, free breakfast and free pick up from airport is really a big advantage, will visit again in november, thanks to there hospitality.	
Oct 30 2009 	liasoning with wrong people	Me my wife stayed here for a good 3 days good. Rooms were not that bad but not that good too. Breakfast was average. High price for hotel like this, they have arrangement with bad travel agents and they took almost more than double price for a tour to agra, jaipur. We know from our friends who did same tour in quiet fewer prices, car and hotel were same. Rippled off.	
Oct 19 2009 	More than you Expect	Our travel agent booked this hotel for 1 night but we arrived very late at night there and ended up to book 1 more night directly at the front desk who were very polite,gentle and helpfull always...Next day mor ning after our breakfast we were planning to get around the city but had no idea what to do in an unfamilliar place at the same time Mr.Chokerborthy introduced us with a man in the lobby named Mr.Zargar who arranged some part of our trip around Rajasthan for 10 days &amp; got to see alot more in such a short time.The service is ok &amp; most of the time we had our meals on the rooftop restaurant with quality dishes.Breakfast in the morning could be better with some other choices but no complaint at all we got what we asked for.I recommend this hotel for any travler bcoz they do care for others no matter how old you are.	
Oct 12 2009 	Friendly clean and safe	Airport pick was very helpful. Little expansive but Delhi's hotels are expansive compare to other cities. Use travel sites to get good deal.	
Sep 24 2009 	Excellent Oasis in the heart of the New Delhi'	We had previously experienced a great rooftop meal here- and decided that we would stay here on this trip to Delhi. We weren't disappointed! We got a very good deal/rate through Expedia to spend a week at this great hotel. The rooms were small but well presented and exceptionally clean- complete with comfortable bed, wifi and complimentary toiletries. The rooftop restaurant served excellent breakfasts (recommended the on-demand omelettes and coffee) and no fuss late evening meals/refreshments were delicious.All staff were attentive and helpful- any small niggles were dealt with efficiently with a smile.The hotel is situated right in the heart of the Karol Bagh district of New Delhi- a fantastic place to get a feel for real street life. With a large local market at the end of the street and the superb Suruchis (thali) restaurant only two streets way we were never stuck for places to discover by foot.Highly recommended. We will be back.	
Sep 23 2009 	Wonderful Stay	I booked an executive room in this hotel for a one night stay, which included an airport pickup. First i was bit worried about the airport pickup but was glad to see a car to pick me up at the airport, however had to pay the driver extra to turn on the AC. The room was clean (though small in size) including the linen. The staff were friendly and all queries were looked ater. Will definately recommend this hotel to anyone who wishes to stay.And yes the bed is amazing!	
Sep 10 2009 	good and clean	i stay 3 nights and person of the hotel was very nice , and the rooms are very clean , food good too... The travel desk of the hotel very helpful &amp; friendly Mr. Rafiq &amp; Mr. Haroon.	
Aug 29 2009 	Really helpful staff and central location	The staff at the front desk were really helpful and gave great directions to the various places I wanted to go to. The room while not large was still well kept. I was also pleasantly surprised by the open rooftop breakfast area/restaurant. I got to Delhi by myself and the hotel provided a free pickup at the airport and I felt pretty comfortable in and around the area as a single female traveller and was only later joined by my friend.	
Aug 27 2009 	The smells noise and heat of Delhi with the bliss and escapism of the hotel.	Fab hotel - possibly a bit pricier than some in Delhi - £30 a night, but a lap of luxury when off the plane, and trying to find your feet. Very comfortable, great food, but mostly, excellent service and friendly!	
Aug 27 2009 	Nice Hotel; Grotty area	My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights in August 2009 and were pretty pleased overall. The hotel is lovely inside, the room was spacious, the A/C worked, the restaurant was pleasant and the staff were more than helpful. The bathroom was somewhat grubby but that is a recurrent problem throughout India.The only thing that lets the hotel down is its location. Karol Bagh isn't a clean, Westernised area like the areas that house some of the 5 star hotels; it's dirty and congested and there's a good chance of stepping in something unpleasant as you leave the hotel.The nearest Metro station is only 5 minutes walk away though and it's only a couple of stops to Connaught Place	
Aug 14 2009 	Great value hotel lovely rooms - peace in the mayhem of Delhi!	This is great little hotel which has great value. Breakfast is included in the price and is very good. We had food in the restaurant one evening and despite being the only ones there, the food was very good! The rooms were really comfortable and clean.We booked to stay there again at the very end of our trip and we got the most gorgeous room with a bath and fabulous shower. Loved this hotel - location is not the best but would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Top value in a good location	We are sat in the foyer as I write this review. We are only staying for two nights and booked on the basis of Trip Advisor reviews. It represents excellent value at around 20 pounds per night. The room isn't quite as spacious as the photos suggest and are well used. The room is clean and the aircon works (a must in Delhi in July). If you are used to 3 star European hotels you may be a little disappointed with the first impression, but things are different in India!The staff are numerous and very helpful. The restaurant is very good. As the previous reviewer points out, the breakfast is a little strange but they make a good omelette. For dinner we had an excellent mixed tandoori for two, which with lashings of (very strong) beer came to around 6 pounds each. The best curry sauce I've ever had!The district is lively, with miles of streets with small shops and street vendors. It's noisy all day as all drivers seem to beep constantly. Be prepared to have to haggle for just about everything! It's assumed (I think) that tourists are very wealthy and will pay anything!In summary - this hotel provides an excellent base for exploring Delhi.	
Jul 22 2009 	Would recommend for the price	Stayed at the hotel with wife and 3 year old and got a king size bed as asked for. Room was a decent size and quality was ok without being extraordinary. Had breakfast at the hotel and the choice was a bit of a let down, had spicy noodles and pasta amongst eggs and toast! But for the price we paid you couldnt complain. The area around the hotel is very noisy and if your a light sleeper like me then that will be a problem, my wife though was fine. The upside of this is that there is a good market at night in the area for some shopping. For food we ate at Pizza Hut round the corner but beware of taxi drivers in the area as when we asked for directions he said its 5 miles away and a 100 ruppee ride. We happily declined. In short you could pay a lot more in Delhi for not much more.	
Jun 27 2009 	not great but good	We booked our stay at Hotel Clark International before we left home which turned out to be smart because we met other guests who said that they booked by going to the hotel once in Delhi and they were charged double what we paid. Overall, my b-f and I had a good stay here. We got free pick-up from the airport and the hotel was in a good location, but the drawbacks were that there was construction happening on the rooftop which woke us up in the a.m., they tried to charge us for items n the fridge we didn't drink, and phone calls were pricey. One of the major pitfalls against this place was that the staff wasn't all that helpful. When we asked if they had a map of the area we could have, we were told to follow a man in the lobby who would get us one. We were then taken to a travel agency who tried to talk us into booking tours to Agra and sight seeing around Delhi. They also charged way more for a lift to the airport than a taxi actually cost. Our room was spacious and clean (although the washroom was a little dingy and the TV was broken). The bed was comfortable and the AC worked. The breakfast that was included was ok.	
May 12 2009 	Excellent Choice	We were a bit concerned over the mixed reviews, especially of those who booked their rooms via Expedia and subsequent problems they encountered. The Expedia rate is almost 1/2 the price of the published rack rates, so it was hard to resist!We booked (and prepaid) via Expedia a premium room. Our international flight was due to arrive at 12:30AM but was over an hour late. I had reconfirmed our flight arrival details with the hotel along with our room reservations about a week before we were due to arrived.We were very pleased (and grateful!) that the hotel &quot;boy&quot; was smiling and waiting for us at the airport and whisked us away to the hotel. Check-in was a snap, with only a quick stop at the front desk so they could photocopy our passport info then off to the room.We could not be have been more pleasantly surprised. The bed was awesomely comfortable, the room, (on the 3rd floor) was clean, neat and modern. Plenty of hot water. The tiny window provided no view, but hey, who comes to Delhi for the view?Breakfast was included in the rate) and was satisfactory. We also ate dinner there the first night and it was very good. Watch out for the high alcholic content of the Kingfisher beer however! It is a real kick in the pants:) It's not in the polished area in Delhi, but an interesting neighborhood with a colorful market. It's only a couple blocks from the metro. The autorickshaw drivers in the area were a bit annoying but that's Delhi.You will need earplugs. I think earplugs were invented specifically for India. Between the barking dogs and honking of horns, it's a wonder anyone gets any sleep!If you look for an good value hotel in Delhi, and don't want to spend over $100.00 a night, this is an excellent choice. The staff was polite and helpful, but not effusive. We would definitely recommend this hotel and would return here.	
May 9 2009 	Value for money	I booked the Hotel for a stopover before my international flight. I was coming from Goa and got the Hotel details here in this site. After deciding to go for it , I got a reservation through hotels.co.in for a Premium Room+Airport Pickup+Internet for US$36. That was pretty good I think . I although my flight from Goa was delay the boy from the Hotel was there waiting me and took me safely to the city. The place is busy, but the hotel seemed nice at first. After I checked in, the boy took me to my room and as soon as he opened the door I noticed it was a standard room. Immediatly upon calling the reception and explaining that my booking was for a premium room the moved me. The room was nice and clean, but the bathroom although clean was a bit run down. The food at the restaurant was ok and the breakfast, although simple, was ok too. They charged me INR$600 to take me to the airport the next day.Anyway, it was all right ... and the price was ok, so I think I can recommend the Hotel.	
May 7 2009 	Centrally located	Gud option if you are travelling on a tight budget	
May 6 2009 	A welcome sight after travelling!	We booked our stay her for the first few nights in Delhi and then wandered around looking at some of the other hotels in the loney planet but nothing was a patch on this one so we ended up returning two more times! The staff were always welcoming and there was a real sense of safety. We booked through Expedia and then directly through the hotel for the other two stays. Expedia was half the price of the published price but the hotel happily gave us the same rate for our other stays. The rooms were clean with LCD TV and really comfortably pillows! (The rooms on the 3rd floow seemed a little more modern than those on the 2nd) There were no windows in the cheaper rooms. Breakfast is served in the rooftop restaurant and is included in the price. The hotel is situated in a busy shopping area with coffee shops, Pizza Hut and McDonalds nearby (just in case u get a case of Delhi Belly as we did!) There are also loads of other local choices. When booking travel use the agent across the road from the hotel, he really looked after us and was nearly half the price of the guy hanging around the hotel lobby! There's an internet cafe nearby so everything you need! Easy to catch a rickshaw a travel around. Would definitely recommend!	
Apr 21 2009 	So-So	I had a few occasions to stay at the hotel once in sept 2008 and once more in nov 2008. There are a few things that i liked about the hotel and few that probably, in my opinion was a little bit of a let down. The things i really liked : room ambience, room cleanliness, hospitable staff, top floor open air restaurant, proximity to market place and metro station, food(taste). the let downs: room service - sometimes took ages, food was little spicy,lack of variety in food choices, AC- almost non functional, room size, tv(still CRT) in some rooms. I noticed the lack of variety in food since i was staying for a longer period of time being on a business trip..for ppl staying overnight or just for a day or two, it might not be bad at all. I could see lot of foreign tourists stayin there...If someone is looking for a decent acco in karolbagh area , would recommend to try this one.	
Apr 3 2009 	Great modern and low cost with exceptional service	My sister and I staye dat this hotel for a business purpose. The staff were amazingly friendly and very personable. They assisted us in all aspects of our business helping us with leads, the hotel stay and anything we needed. We were two single women in Delih so they were very helpful and assisted us in travel.In addition they have free WiFi and a conference room where we were abl eto use it all day for interviewing stayy. They never questioned the time in the conf room and were very helpful.the rooms were clean, very modern, on the small side, but perfect. Being british travellers, we are always cautious in travelling to India and yet this was a good cost hotel with great cleanliness and quality.The restaurant has a great breakfast incl, but closes early at night. Theed in a great spot right close to the Coroba market. We had also forgot one of our suitecases at the hotel and they immediately sent a driver with it to the airport - we did not have to worry about loss or theft! A hard find in India!	
Apr 3 2009 	A Home away from Home-Will Stay Again.	During my recent trip to India, I &amp; my husband stayed at Hotel Clark International at the at the beginning, middle and end of our trip at New Delhi. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Hotel especially because of the very friendly, accomodating &amp; warm behaviour of the Hotel Staff. I had choosen this Hotel based on all the online reviews, good, bad &amp; ugly, and had decided to find out more on my own, and I can say I am very happy that I selected this Hotel. I was especially happy because of the in -room Safe, the mini bar &amp; the Complimentry Tea/Coffee, Breakfast, &amp; airport pick ups &amp; drop of. The Room &amp; the Bath were very good and modern The Hotel restaurant on the fifth floor - roof top is excellent. The food is particularly good.I was specially surprized &amp; touched to find out that on my Birthday, the cake which my husband ordered was delivered complimentry from the Hotel &amp; the food that the restaurant catered was loved, appreciated &amp; savored very much by my gathered friends &amp; family. I should also mention that -there is also a Travel service available at the Hotel Lobby, &amp; also help with Money Changers.I extend my thanks to Mr. Rajesh Patyal, &amp; Mr. Chakraverty at the front desk, Mr. Thakur, &amp; Mr. Ram Singh, Mr. Prem, and the rest of the staff for taking such good care of us. I also like to mention Mr. Haroon of the Travel Agency &amp; his associate Mr. Rafiq Khanwho have been very helpful in setting up our comfortable site seeing trip from Delhi to Puri and back. I and my Husband really enjoyed our stay in this Hotel. I and my husband are going to be the guest again at Hotel Clark International for sure and I whole heartedly recommend to anybody &amp; everybody who wants to stay at Budget Hotel with all the aminities of a Pricy Hotel surrounded by friendly Staff to come and stay here, they will not regret it. I particularly loved it ...It was my home away from home during this visit, looking forth to coming soon...Mrs. Bhattacharyyaapr1_63@hotmail.comNew York	
Feb 27 2009	Good location ok hotel	My wife and I spent three nights im the Clark International in February 2009. The hotel failed to pick us up at the airport when we arrived at 6.15 AM, but claimed that the hotel boy had been there and that we just hadent spotted him. Might well be, but our theory is that he was there to late as we were out of the airport allready 20 minutes after the plane arrived.No problems though with a pre-paid taxi from the airport to the hotel, were we arrived arround 7:30. The reception fixed a room to us and we could sleep for a couple of hours before starting off for the city. The room was on the 3rd floor and held a lower standard than what we had expected. Later in the day - after complaining - we got another room (on the 2nd floor) which was more spacy and modern. Both rooms were clean and free of any kind of bugs.The Clark International is located in the Karol Bagh area which is quite convinient as it is close to the new and rather impressing metro. The metro will be increasingly important in Delhi. Karol Bagh also hosts a street market which is quite charming. The market starts just a block or two away from the hotel entrance.Karol Bagh is a busy area with a lot of small shops, some hotels and the streets are crammed with cars, rickshaws, cows and street vendors. Quite as it should be in a Delhi neighbourhood. The hotel was definately the most expensive we stayed in during our 16-day India tour. Delhi has a lot of very expensive 5 star hotels, and its not easy to find good options in the 3 star segment. Clark International turned out to be a good one. The only negative thing we can come up with is that there is some noise from the streets and the surroundings. (This by the way occurs to all the hotels we stayed in in India). When we were there demolition works were going on in a building near by and that created a lot of noise starting quite early in the morning.	
Feb 17 2009 	Put us into a	I booked the Hotel Clark International directly via their website.. The hotel requested my credit card information for a confirmed reservation. When we arrived in Delhi from the airport at 1:30 am we were told the hotel did not have a room for us, the hotel was fully booked. They never mentioned this to us when we called from the airport for our transfer.They said they would put us up into a &quot;sister &quot;hotel down the road. The Hotel Surya was awful... We were so tired from the flight and it was in the middle of the night we just slept in the room in our sleep sacks.Thankfully I had the insight to buy them. The next morning as we were flying to Varanasi my wrist started itching and I noticed I had small red marks, bed bug bites. I booked the Hotel Clark International so our first night of our 21 day trip to India would have a smooth start. it was anything but that..I was charged the same quoted rate even though we stayed in an inferior hotel, something I would never had booked. I could not recommend them due to this poor customer service. I felt I had been ripped off with their bait and switch..	
Jan 25 2009 	Satisfactory Hotel if a little over priced	We spent 5 nights in total over 2 different periods at the hotel. We stayed in an Executive room though we were upgraded free of charge to a Premium room for one night.We paid £86 per night for the Executive room. This includes airport pick up, breakfast and complimentary wi-fi. I think this is slightly expensive though hotels in Delhi do appear to be expensive.The room was of reasonable size and very clean. It had a TV, a mini-bar (the contents of which were expensive) and tea and coffee making facilities.The bathroom was clean. My only criticism of it would be that in the Premium Room the shower wasn't in a separate cubicle which meant the bathroom floor got very wet everytime we had a shower.Breakfast was buffet style. It included cooked food of different types each day, cereal, toast, juice and tea and coffee. We also tried the restaurant one night and one afternoon. There was a good selection of food on the menu and it was very reasonably priced. Indeed the food itself was very nice. Mind you the waiter isn't very friendly unlike the other staff in the hotel!!The Hotel is situated in the Karol Bagh area and indeed is less than a 10 minute walk to the Karol Bagh metro station which is convenient for getting around the city. When walking to the metro station you pass through a very colourful market which is present on certain days.Unfortunately there was a lot of street noise at night whether it be vehicles or dogs barking. The noise was particularly noticeable in the executive room which was on the first floor (the premium room was on the 4th floor and was a bit quieter). However I would imagine street noise would be a problem in many hotels in the city.The area around the hotel is slightly rough. One thing which I didn't like was the hassle we got from touts the minute we stepped out of the hotel. However this was a problem no matter where we went in the city as was begging.The hotel appear to work with a nieghbouring travel / tour company. The staff from this company appear to sit in the reception area and wait for guests. On my first morning in the hotel the minute I got out of the lift I was approached by such a person who gave me the whole selling routine. This person was very persistent to the extent he was travelling up and down in the lift clearly looking for us. In saying that we did book a guide for Agra through the company as well as a pick up and drop off to the train station. The guide was very good indeed and we were glad we did go ahead with the booking.Overall we were pleased with the hotel. It is lovely inside though slightly expensive.	
Jan 23 2009 	One star status budget Accomodation	It was their third offer of a room before we decided it would get no better. First room had creatures crawling around the shower floor. Second room offered had blood on the towel.The so called romantic roof terrace restaurant did not serve wine(we had to locate/bring our own) and the roof of same is lined with bamboo, above which numerous pigeons reside, dropping feathers etc into one food while dining. Only one of our party(of three) was sick over a five day period, but we spoke to another resident whose friend was confined to their room for a couple of days with food related problems.Tried to charge for a non appearance as one of our party coming from Thailand to meet us in India had to alter booking(due to Bangkoks a/port being closed) only refunded us after several days of verbal discussions/culminating in our having to remind manager of our post holiday review intentions.Most definately would strongly advise against booking this establishment.	
Jan 23 2009 	Tiny overpriced 	Our room was very small with a heater and A/C unit that looked like they were made 50 years ago. The TV was also dated.The staff were not friendly but capable enough. They organised a free pick up from the airport, but this was a dusty 15 year old tiny car. Luggage would not fit in the boot and had to go on the front seat. They organised a lift to the domestic airport for the 450 Rupees in a slightly better small car (but not much). The plus points are a nice restaurant up on the roof, with a very nice breakfast.	
Jan 21 2009 	Not that bad at all but greatly overpriced	For CAD215 (USD 180) a night, greatly overpriced, like all hotels in India. The good: conveniently located in the quiet street of Karol Bagh, 5 minutes walk from metro. Nice rooftop restaurant. The bad: heater in the room didn't work properly. Electricity outlets were so outdated that small plugs (cell or photo charger) required support to stay plugged. Hot water was in fact just warm, so shower in the morning was challenging.	
Jan 9 2009 	Great Hotel	I stayed at this hotel on the 19th Dec for 2 nights and we had booked 2 rooms. We got complimentary airport pick up which was great. Upon arrival at the hotel we were advised we had got an upgrade on both the rooms which was nice to hear.The location is great for all the tourist sights. 1 thing i would say is dont book taxis from the hotel reception as it is a little bit more expensive than a normal taxi.Considering this hotel is a 3 star budget hotel i would say it was very good. I stayed at a 4 star in Mumbai and it was awful!Good value for money and if i was to go back to Delhi i would stay here again.	
Nov 21 2008	Very Nice Hotel	This hotel is really nice, situated in one the best areas in Delhi, which is Karol Bagh. You just come out of hotel, then right and when you hit the main market street, turn right again and at the end of that street you have metro station Karol Bagh which it will take you to the main attractions or close enough to spend a fair amount on a auto rickshaw from there.Hotel staff is very helpful, and polite. We never used the pick up service from the airport because we always reached this hotel from the train stations. We raised this concern with hotel receptionist and he provided us with a courtesy drop off service to the airport instead. The food from the roof top restaurant is pretty decent and poison free. We never had meat as in the rest of India but saw lots of people eating meat and nobody complained or looked sick the days afterwards. This hotel is on the same area of others which look more economic like the Royal Holidays and the Hotel Classic but compare to these other doggy places this is far above in all aspects. You spend more but you receive quality in all senses, while on these other places, we stayed our first night in the Royal Holidays, we never could sleep as there works in progress in front of the Hotel and since we arrived they were trying to push us to make deals to visit using their touts what you can visit on your own. They just think that people are stupid and have not read enough before going to India.Here is all the opposite, taxi prices if you request one are reasonable, help is as much as they can, advices, internet free compare to others that try to charge you with 100 rupees for a crap connection, there shops in the vicinity and there is the great market on the street heading to the metro station.Definitely If I get back to Delhi one of these days I will stay here again and can recommend it to any one.	
Nov 16 2008 	Decent enough hotel for a short stay	Hotel is a bit dated, and shows it in places. The hotel room we had was ok'ish. Mostly clean. The one big negative point was the aircon unit just above our heads over the bed and I mean literally just above, see picture. It was excessively noisy during the night and at one point spewed out a whole lot of built-up black grime from the street.The rooftop terrace would be nice if it weren't for the heavy smog of Delhi. Otherwise the food and drinks are decent and reasonably priced.Stayed there for a night, just before flying back out of India, so didn't get a chance to explore the area. It did look quite lively with street stalls at night.	
Nov 13 2008 	"we love being care"	It was really a good experience with my partener to stay in this hotel, the pick up was free and efficient as we arrive delhi mid night The hotel was good and clean, Hope fully i get what i payAs i fall ill was taken care of the staff with medicene food and service etc which touced my heart, may god bless them all, will recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Nov 12 2008 	good hotel in crazy delhi	excellent quality accommodation for the value in delhi.... karol bagh is a hustling area, but nice to have a quiet hotel... very friendly and helpful staff!!	
Nov 12 2008 	worst hotel ever stayed in	I would like to explain firstly that indian hotels are not of the quality you find elsewhere. That is a common theme i found throughout my stay in india and all travelers must bear this in mind before they travel there. However I was very shocked as to the state of the room especially baring in mind the positive reviews on trip advisor.The room was of a relatively nice size. However the room I stayed in would have gotten a 1 star anywhere else. There were very big cracks in the walls, the room was dirty. The airconditioning unit was very grimy, the bathroom was very shabby, the bath was cracked. All in all i am sure I could have found a hotel for the price I payed in am much nicer room. But i loved being in delhi such an incredible stay and it barely dampened our stay.	
Oct 21 2008 	Haven in New Delhi	My husband and I stayed at the Clark Hotel in New Delhi both at the beginning and end of our trip to India. Overall our stay on both occasions was excellent. The hotel is well priced, conveniently located near the Metro line (Karol Bag stop), provides airport pickup and drop off, rooms are modern, clean and spacious (large comfortable beds, in- room safe for valuables, nice bathrooms), front desk staff are helpful and friendly, food in the restaurant is convenient and tasty, a travel service is available in the lobby which can arrange a driver and tours of the city. The overall atmosphere is very friendly and staff are competent and readily provide assistance. New Delhi can be a daunting experience with so much traffic, noise and confusion and so having a place to stay such as this makes the visit so much better. We found Pankaj, Rajesh and Ekta to be especially helpful and hospitable and would readily return on another visit. Staff do their best to make you feel welcome and comfortable. Highly recommend this hotel for visitors to New Delhi.	
Oct 13 2008 	Great!	We regularly stay at this hotel. On a budget this hotel is great value. The rooms are clean and modern. The staff is very accomodating, in particular Rajesh and Ekta on the front desk. One of its main attractions is the location, right at the heart of the maddness. Love it. Mrs Shah UK	
Sep 29 2008 	Hotel Clark treated us awfully	My partner and I have just returned from a holiday in India where, as part of our itinerary, we had pre-booked our first two nights at the Hotel Clark International in Delhi through Expedia, for which we were charged £40.70 per night - a lot for India, but we wanted to ensure our first nights were comfortable.As part of our booking, we had requested the free airport pickup to the hotel, advertised on the website. We received our confirmation and were looking forward to our stay at the hotel.However, on arrival at Delhi International Airport, there was no one from the hotel to pick us up. As a result, after lots of trailing around the airport in the middle of the night, we managed to find a driver who was prepared to take us to the hotel in the city (at an extortionate rate).On approaching the city, I phoned the hotel to get their exact location. I was first told by the receptionist that we only had a reservation and not a booking. I informed him that we had prepaid in full and that I had a full confirmation voucher from Expedia.He then told me that, yes, we had had a booking, but they were no longer able to give us a room, and had decided to put us up in another hotel nearby instead. We were utterly dismayed given that we'd spent a lot of money on the first nights of our holiday to avoid this sort of hassle!Given it was so late at night, we asked for directions to the alternative hotel - Hotel Blue Sapphire. Although we were told this hotel was of the same quality as the Hotel Clark International, it turned out to be pretty awful . It certainly was not near the quality we'd be led to expect from the Hotel Clark International.Until now. our experiences booking through Expedia to date have been an entirely positive experience - but this was a nightmare. At best, Hotel Clark International messed up - at worst, they scammed us into taking a cheaper hotel, and didn't honour a prepaid contract.	
Sep 26 2008 	Well priced all that you need	In Delhi you get what you pay for. When I'm here on business I pay around £200 per night compared to Hotel Clark's £35 per night. It isn't the most luxurious hotel in town, but it provides good facilities in a lively part of town. Well worth the money. Dinner and beer in the rooftop restaurant good and reasonably priced too. Breakfast is pretty boring though! Hotel will normally include a pickup from the airport. I saw some negative comments elsewhere about Abyss Travel. They are the hotel's &quot;travel agent&quot; for car hire etc.. If you don't want to use them, don't. You're not under any pressure to!	
Sep 12 2008 	Excellent Hotel in Crazy Delhi.	Look, its simple, unless you want to pay £200+ per night, then you will struggle to find a quality hotel in any big city in India. So reviews about this hotel saying mediocre, decieved or overpriced, ignore!! these guys did not do there homework before getting here. The Hotel is located in Karol Bagh and is right in the heart of things,clustered with back street markets and is extremely lively. Yes, the area is not the cleanest, but 75% of Delhi is like this. We based ourselves here for 5 nights, the rooms are clean and well maintained. The food in the roof top resurant is excellent and the staff really friendly.If you want to see, feel and smell Delhi and thats probably why your are visisting this city! then stay here.	
Aug 27 2008 	Very good experience	The rooms on the fourth floor are very nice. We had a so-so room on the first night , and then we heard that the rooms on the fourth floor were better and so we moved up for the following night. It was great. Spotless, crispy white sheets, a clean modern bathroom. Breakfast is good, the view outside is great. The hotel collaborates with a travel agent named Haroon, who is excellent. He made various bookings for us and we found him friendly and reliable.	
Jul 20 2008 	Over-priced Mediocre ...	Well, it would be unfair on my part to discard this property altogether but at the same time I am unable to find justifications for having it at No 14 on TripAdvisor’s popularity index. Let’s start from 0:0 to the last whistle i.e., the moment we checked out. Check-in was anything but smooth. Despite having an explicit pre-paid reservation for two adults and two kids (6, 4) front-desk was insistent to have 600 INR/night for extra bed. Breakfast was not at all impressive … yeah even taking room rates in account. Bathroom standard should have been better. TV was not working, there is only 2-3 channels tuned in … we never tried to tune in more nor did we complaint, to be fair. Room service was prompt and efficient. Wi-fi was complementary and of acceptable speed. To conclude, I would say that you don’t really get value for money at this hotel. I am not satisfied, let alone impressed.	
Jun 21 2008 	What a shock but a good one in the end	I have been to Delhi 4 times in the past two years due to my hubby working out there. This time we were on holiday, I booked the Clark International via there web site which was so easy.We arrived in Delhi late at night, the hotel car picked us up from the airport, when we arrived at the Clark I nearly called a taxi to take us to the Imperial Hotel where I had stayed previously. We appeared to have arrived in downtown Beirut but once inside the Clark International I was presently surprised. We were taken up to our room, which was lovely, the bed was very comfotable with crisp clean sheets, air con cooled the room very fast and a great hot shower.The next day we got went up to the top floor for breakfast which had everything you could want to eat with a great view. We then went for a walk and headed down to Connaught Place to do some shopping, when we arrived back to the hotel later that afternoon we realised we were positioned slap bang in the middle of the market district of downtown Delhi, it was great, it had street markets, lovely people, great places to eat and shop and a great carnival atmosphere until late into the evening. I couldn’t believe that my hubby had been to Delhi so many times and never found this area. I loved the hotel and loved the area, next time I go to Delhi I will stay at the Clark International.TIP: Take a card from reception when you travel about as we found a lot of taxi drivers did not know where the hotel was as tucked down a side street, the card has a map on the back with address and phone number.	
May 16 2008 	excellent value	this was our first time in Delhi - we wanted a not too expensive but well kept hotel - and the Clark International conformed to our expectations. Clean, smallish but well-kept room (with noisy a/c) friendly and helpful staff.The area is noisy and colorful, which we rather enjoyed. no bad surprises. recommended.	
Apr 9 2008 	A winning combination	My brother and I were returning to India after many many years to discover the origins of our parents. Our mother (Tess) was Indian and our father a British soldier. I was born in Devlali and left as a baby.It was therefore important that we had good accommodation in Mumbai and Delhi. And certainly the Clark gave us this.The staff at the hotel were very helpful; the rooms were great and the breakfast second to none. Several times we also had lunch which was very nourishing. If we needed any help with minor things that can usually go wrong on holiday the staff acted quickly and efficiently. We found that they had a winning partnership with Abyss Tours which many other car operators must envy in Old Delhi. The pick up and drop off at the airport went smoothly and we negotiated very competitive rates from their able and competent manager ,Arif, for a sightseeing tour and a trip to Agra to see the Taj Mahal. Altogether a very satisfying stay. Congratulations to both teams at the Hotel and the Abyss.Raymond RaineUniversity Senior Lecturer UK	
Apr 6 2008	Don't ever use Abyss Travel	Bed ok, bathroom passable, meals passable general staff attitude ok. The major problem this hotel has is their association with Abyss Travel...they are a joke, so see through makes you laugh. All the old tricks...obvious plants lies, lies lies. It's a shame that a &quot;could be good hotel&quot; has to associate its self with, and promote, Abyss Travel. Please don't take us for fools.	
Apr 3 2008 	Great value in the heart of things!	This little gem is right in the &quot;horn honking&quot; center of things. My room was small but clean and comfortable. The staff were all very kind. There was a bit of an internet snafu when I first arrived, but the manager stayed with the problem until he got it fixed and I could get online. I could walk to all sorts of shopping and the hotel has easy access to taxis, etc.There were several tour groups staying in the hotel while I was there...so book early, the secret is out about this one.	
Mar 12 2008 	good value	the hotel is in the heart of new delhi in a non-touristy area.be prepared for a different culture, but do not be afraid of the neighborhood. free breakfast buffet was great with a mix of local and american food. the bed was comfy and the room was clean. you may need to use ear plugs at night because of dogs barking and autos honking. if you do not use the free ride from the airport, you can use the free ride to the airport. the hotel price was okay; not too pricey and not too cheap.	
Mar 6 2008 	4* quality at 3* price	A really recommendable, clean, friendly hotel with all mod cons (inc wi fi) in a busy - though not exactly central - part of town. By Indian standards it's very fairly priced too, so book well in advance to be sure of getting a room.	
Feb 22 2008 	A great find and good value for your money!	After reading several reviews on-line, we booked the Clark International for 2 nights. We were very pleased with this hotel and believed we got very good value for our money. The front desk staff were extremely helpful and knowledgeable and were very happy to assist in arranging drivers, tours or train travel at competitive prices.They have a cute roof top restaurant. Good Indian, Western and Chinese food, and a &quot;business centre&quot; where you can check your internet. We would definitely stay at this hotel again and we highly recommend it to others.Any inconveniences of this hotel were very minor:1) Like many of the places that we booked on line, it said that our room included free airport pick up and we requested this through Expedia, but it did not happen. So, if you would like airport pick up, double check that a driver will actually be there to pick you up.2) Hotel is located in a busy market area. I was happy to not have to walk alone outside of the hotel at night. The street noise could definitely be heard in the hotel rooms (as is the case throughout Delhi) so bring earplugs!3) Totally my own fault, but I left my sandals in the hotel after I checked out and went back the next day to get them but was told that they had been &quot;thrown out&quot;. So triple check your room when you leave!	
Feb 22 2008 	very good value hotel	Efficient, good value hotel. Reception staff not particularly helpful or friendly but efficient. Included breakfast was good, and Nepali &quot;head&quot; waiter very friendly. Evening meal good value and good. Room was clean, quiet and secure. Had coffee/tea making facilities which is unusual. Also minibar with reasonably priced drinks, including water, which is useful if you have just arrived from the airport. Efficient pick-up from airport even though plane was delayed. Handy for Metro.	
Feb 1 2008 	Little Gem	Stayed on two occasions in Jan. One night at first then 3 nights after a 6 day train journey.We were met by friendly courteous staff, they helped us to locate an ATM on the first stay as it was a little daunting in this very bustling city. The rooms were clean,the bathrooms had bath, shower, all very clean, mini-bar &amp; air con,TV and free internet connection. There was some traffic noise but unavoidable in such a busy city and no fault of the hotel. The breakfast was very satisfying,cereals,hot foods, eggs etc. Lunch and snack &amp; dinner menus varied &amp; were very nice and the waiters very nice,helpful. We would recommend this hotel, it was quite a &quot;little gem&quot; considering the price of some hotels in New Delhi, we would stay there again should we return someday. As we didn't take advantage of their free hotel pick-up on our arrival in New Delhi, they kindly gave us a free drop off to the airport for our departure.	
Jan 31 2008 	Highly recommend the Clark International New Delhi	Have just returned from a week based at the Clark International New Delhi. Our rooms were spotlessly cleaned each day, bed linen was changed daily, hot water was plentiful (though the wet room style bathroom was a little inconvenient), staff were extremely friendly, courteous and helpful. Restaurant facilities and breakfast was very good. Room service excellent. The only downside was that the location was a little rough, as a party of four women travellers, we did not feel particularly safe stepping out alone and we were glad that we had booked the services of a driver for our stay. Would highly recommend the Clark International hotel as being very good value for money.	
Jan 27 2008 	Good moderately priced hotel	We stayed at the Clark Hotel in July, 2007. My husband is Indian, but not from Delhi, and we really didn't know much about hotels in the city except that there seemed to be very few moderately priced hotels. After a great deal of research on the Internet, we selected the Clark Hotel. It was very clean, with good airconditioning (except during the daily power cuts). This was important as we were there at the height of summer. The staff was very helpful, but not all spoke good English. They tried their best, and we managed. This is not a five star hotel, obviously, but it was clean and comfortable. The morning breakfast buffet was good, with toast available for picky eaters (like my children). Indian food, as well as some &quot;international&quot; dishes like chinese food, etc, was also available for all meals, and was not hideously spicy. Even the Indian food was not too spicy. They are trying to cater to American/European palates, I think. However, I think that they are bringing in the food from another location as the &quot;restaurant&quot; appears to be a room with no kitchen attached. This can cause rather long wait times for food (think 30-45 minutes after ordering). This can be a problem after a long, hot day, especially with small children. There is a neaby McDonalds. The area is really, really busy with cars, people, beggars, etc., all the usual India issues and at night there is a market which might be fun to explore if you don't mind the mosquitos. We didn't do this as the kids were exhausted at night. The area might be a bit of a shock if you have never been to India before. Overall, it was a good place to stay for a few nights, especially if you don't want to spend spend hundreds of dollars a night for a 5 star property, but you want a clean hotel with western toilets (very important) and A/C. The pick up from the airport was included, but the drive back was not. One other note for female travelers, is try to get some Indian clothes, like a salwar kameez. Even during the hottest of days, it is very comfortable as they can be made of very light cotton. I saw several women wearing tank tops and shorts, and they are usually being followed by groups of strange men. Not pleasant. In India, if you wear shorts and sleeveless tops, you may as well be walking around in your underwear.	
Jan 26 2008 	Great Hotel for the price	Yes, we had agreat time at the Clark after staying at a couple of similar hotels which were 'nasty' Don't have any doubts about staying there the place is very clean and the food brilliant,staff could'nt be more helpful. You can arrange for a driver to take you around Delhi for a fixed price so no worries there. I recommend you pack ear plugs even at the top 5* hotels you can hear the road noise from your hotel room.We had no problems with the water, hot water all the time. Electric went out from time to time but that happened every where in Delhi.We stayed there for 2 weeks and if I can remember it went out twice to come back on in 5mins or less. The outside of the hotel was dirty and would not liked to have walked outside on my own but that is the case all over Delhi.	
Jan 10 2008 	Do not be deceived!!	Thanks to Photoshop, they've managed to delete all the electrical wires hovering over their shaded windows, their neighboring buildings and whatever else that looks nasty in their surrounding. So when you look it up online, you would think that the hotel is in a nice, quiet area. We were on the 2nd floor and we could hear the vehicles passing by, horns beeping, people's voices, et al. Not very comfortable when all you need is a good night's sleep. We had a portable heater in our room and it wasn't working, so we phoned the reception to replace it. They did...with another non-working unit. Great. The room and bathroom is OK and the bed was clean. But we didn't really get value for our money. We think the hotel is overpriced especially with the location.	
Jan 1 2008 	OK Hotel Great Breakfast	Pros: Good hotel in Delhi, offered free airport pickup. Great breakfast included in room price. Room had a modern feel.	
Dec 29 2007	Good mid range hotel in Delhi	My friend and I stayed here in September, the only fault was they we're revamping the reception which was transformed in the space of 24hrs - no mucking about! And it really didn't affect us just added to the adventures of India.We were picked up as promised from the airport which I highly recommend, the room was excellent (we chose to stay in one of the suites).The travel guide in the hotel sorted us out for our private car trips around Delhi, Taj Mahal and then onto Japiur.Food here is excellent so we ate here on both evenings!	
Dec 15 2007 	Would avoid	I did not have a great stay here. Initially when I booked, they told me a taxi from the airport was part of the package. When I arrived, they charged me 500rp for this. Then when I left, they tried to charge me another 100rp because the car was airconditioned. Also when I arrived, my room smelt like a sewer, so much so that someone had to come in and spray air freshener. The next day I changed rooms, and this was OK, so try NOT to stay on the bottom floor. The restaurant is OK with nice views. The hotel travel agent is dodgy and tried to make me go to Kashmir. However the internet was free. The service was very mixed. Some people were helpful, others were downright rude, especially the man who asked me to pay extra for the taxi. I would recommend this place ONLY to budget travellers.	
Dec 14 2007 	An amazing hotel in the middle of the chaos that is Dehli.	Having booked through Hostelbookers.com and read all the reviews, my boyfriend and I were worried about the hotels condition. I called the hotel 2 days before departure to book the airport transfer, the man was waiting ready for me. We arrived at the hotel at 6am way before check in time, but they allowed us a room at 1/3 of the normal rate. The room was amazing, all European amenities, a huge double bed and a 32&quot; flat screen TV all you could ask for in a room. we booked deluxe. We were pleasantly surprised and would definitely stay there again. Please do not be put off by the surrounding area, as you are in India you need to keep an open mind. Also the food in the restaurant on the roof is amazing, we had a tandoori platter for rs350, enough for two people. If you stay at this hotel you wont be disappointed.	
Nov 25 2007 	Best Night Manager and very fine rooms	I am a teacher who went with a colleague and 6 students on a Trip to India.We spend our very first night in the Clark and this was the best introduction to India. Although the hotel seems to be in the middle of mayhem it is a quiet spot and very western in all its amenities. The rooms were large with high ceilings and the latest in equipment and bathroom convenience... we had everything down to the bathroom slippers. The Night Duty manager &quot;Chakraworty&quot;) could not have been nicer and fullfilled every wish of us spoiled Westerners. Of course we had wireless free internet which was another plus because I wanted to let the student's parents know that we arrived safely.Breakfast was also super and served on the roof top. One amazing experience.	
Nov 24 2007 	Great Market area in Karol Bagh	Great Hotel, the staff were fantastic and helpful always. I was here with my wife, 1st time to India and we started on a tour in Delhi first. After you get over the initial shock of the driving, poverty and the streets you will grow to love this little gem of a hotel. The hotel is literally a 30 second walk from Karol Bagh market which is great fun, especially as we were there for Divali so the streets were lit and fireworks everywhere. You will get beggars in this area but you will find that throughout India which is a shame as there are so many homeless children. Change is a serious problem so try and get as much as possible as you wil get harrased. Travel agent name Arif is fantastic and i swear he works 24 hour days as he is always there. He arranged tours, transports etc and we had no problems. The Hotel Dining area is brilliant, situated on the roof and very open but with covering, food is of a high standard and service excellent. Dont believe everyone who says that Delhi is expensive compared to say Agra or Jaipur, that is only on certain items. My final comment is once you get over the shock of the streets leading to the hotel you will enjoy your stay, when the driver said we are here i nearly fell out of the car, but after my trip to Delhi, Agra, Jaipur &amp; Mumbai i enjoyed the experience of Delhi the most.	
Nov 19 2007 	Oasis of calm	We were in Delhi for the VIV India Exhibition at the Pragati Maidan, cost was a consideration when I chose the Clark International but we felt we had excellent value for money. The location is rather challenging, the noise and general grubbyness can be off putting but once you are inside the hotel everything changes. We reserved a suite, (this was still a good price compared to the 4 and 5 star hotel prices) and it was great. A large canopied bed with beautiful clean linen and a bathroom with a marble floor.The rooftop restaurant is very good, the food is excellent and although the hotel does not have a bar you can get a beer with your meal. Breakfast is decidedly Indian with not very much concession to European taste but we always found something suitable.The staff are very helpful, especially the travel agent, after the show we had set aside time to visit Rajasthan and it was organised for us very efficiently by Abysss tours.Overall I can recommend this hotel as being good value for money.	
Nov 15 2007	Nice clean room	Pleasantly surprised about this hotel that we booked for the last night of our stay in India. Very clean and functional room (401), helpful staff. They agreed without problem to replace the free airport pickup which we didn't need by an airport drop-off early morning.	
Nov 15 2007 	A Cozy Hotel in Delhi	I stayed there November 6-13. The hotel staff is very attent?ve, the decor is tasteful and the rooms are comfortable. Breakfast on the rooftop is very pleasant -- ask for Chai (that's delicious Indian spiced tea), not the teabag option! The hotel is located in Asia's biggest shopping area, Karol Bagh. The ultra-modern Delhi Metro station is 5 minutes from the hotel. From there, you can get to Delhi's commercial and business center, Connaught Place, in just a few minutes more.	
Nov 10 2007 	Ok hotel but not great we expected better	stayed in this hotel 3 nights Oct 07. transfer from airport good as we were 90 mins late the driver waited for us..our room was dissapointing ,room 407. no view blacked out widow ( a concrete wall behind) I guess it was quiet apart form hearing the lift go up and down all night.No hot water at all during our stay. Roof top restaurant average lacked a few green plants lots of bird poo on the edges of the terrace, but delhi is delhi. food nothing special. wouldnt serve us beer but others seemed to have it.( whether they took it to the table themselves)We booked with late rooms and when we came to pay extra tax (luxury tax ) was added on the bill this was a laugh as this hotel was clean but def not luxury. not at all like the website pictures we looked at before booking, staff ok but not as friendly as other hotels we stayed in.	
Oct 24 2007 	Bed smelt of wee no hot water.	We hit the Clark International Hotel after 3 weeks in Bangalore and a couple of days in Udaipur. It was the worst hotel in our trip.My wife and I are from Australia, I was in India for work and my wife joined me after 3 weeks for a bit of an explore. We booked through Otel.com, and paid online for an Executive room, one up from the normal room type. However, when we checked in we got given the most basic crummy room, which had been painted that morning (paint still wet to touch) and found that the booking had somehow come through to Clark from Otel.com as &quot;standard double&quot;. We were there 3 days and did see other nice rooms but were told that these were not available.No hot water, we had to call the lobby each time and request. Then a man would come up to our room and put his hand under the shower for 10 minutes while the boiler or something fired up, and my wife stood around in a towel. Ah, the romance of India. The bed smelt of urine, and we did eventually get it replaced on day 1 which was good. Lots of renovation going on, but they did give us some free meals at the hotel restaurant which was some compensation. To go shopping we booked a van and driver at an exhorbitant price from the hotel travel desk. The driver got sulky when we wouldn't get out at the &quot;commission&quot; place that he recommended, and dropped us in the middle of nowhere, which was quite scary. Avoid...try somewhere else...	
Oct 15 2007 	Not bad for Delhi	Hotel was ok, was being decorated so constant smell of turps. No window which I found a bit weird. Breakfast was good on top floor restaurant, staff generally helpful.	
Oct 2 2007	Bad Don't Stay Here !!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Booked via Expedia 3 weeks prior to stay. Included in room price ($100 AUD) was airport pick-up. On arrival day had to email hotel to make sure they were going to pick us up (they were not bothered). We pulled up to hotel and parked - an auto (tuk tuk) accidently scratched the drivers old rusty car, the driver got out and smashed the auto guy across the head...meanwhile we were stuck in the car. Nice welcome!Check in, typical India...cold, fill out forms etc. Taken to room way way down back of hotel near generator. Room tiny, and in disrepair but neat (on surface). We thought O.K...it is Delhi (overpriced and poor quality).Within the hour...&quot;bang, bang&quot;, the sounds of drilling/sawing and metal banging. After 2 hours we called reception and asked when will the sound stop...&quot;oh 5 minutes&quot;. So after about 40 mins we thought lets go and see reception desk. Upon leaving our room the door was open adjacent. We walked into room where 2 guys were painting, the room was luxurious compared to ours and large. So we thought as we booked a superior delux we can change room. We walk up a level to see what the banging was and found all floors under maintanence, people everywhere painting, just crap everywhere.So we went down stairs and asked to see another room. &quot;No rooms&quot; we were told. We asked to see the manager...&quot;You wait&quot;. So we sat in foyer....after 30 mins of waiting we went up to the room, expecting the manager to call us when he was able. No call. About 45 mins later we decided to pack backpack and go into central Delhi for better hotel even though the Expedia / hotel took our money upon booking and credit card had already beeen charged.At reception the manager appeared. He was not bothered by our request nor concerned that we left. We did mention we would be complaining. We think they preferred not having guests at this time, cause we did not see 1 single guest during our 4 hours here.We complained to Expedia the next day, and they contacted the hotel and a refund was in the process (1 week). We would recommend not to stay here. No restaurant, no alcohol in mini-bar.We travelled for 6 weeks in India/Pakistan and by far this hotel was the worst we encountered.	
Oct 1 2007	Decent Value	We opted for the most expensive room on the property, which was around US$125 per night. We were favorably impressed, the room was clean and very comfortable and the bed very nice. The hotel is located in a noisy and busy area, and to be honest when we arrived at the hotel we were not terribly impressed with the exterior of the building. However, the staff were very friendly and the other hotel guests we chatted with in the lobby loved the place, so we gave it a shot. The food is rather good and the rooftop restaurant is charming. Overall good value for the money but probably won't stay there again simply because the neighborhood is incredibly busy and very congested. If that doesn't bother you, try it out. Otherwise a good hotel.	
Aug 23 2007 	a no go.	I booked on expedia.com, choosing by price ($110), thinking there are a slew of hotels in the $30 range and a slew in the $300 range, and this would fit right in the middle. It did not. It is not near a 4 Star hotel, but what in India would be called a 3 star. Rooms are noisy, &quot;India Clean&quot; (sort of scruffy) and not worth more than $40. It seems the hotel is advertising on places like Expedia looking for people shopping by price -and trusting that you get what you pay for. While this is true generally, in India it is generally less true. Also, they overbooked us and moved us on the 2nd day of our stay: to a &quot;3 Star&quot; that was less than half the price (although they attempted to keep the rate the same) but was actually nicer.	
Aug 17 2007 	Comfort in Unknown Territory	Being a woman, alone and an inexperienced traveler, you bet I was nervous when I arrived in Delhi at 3:00 a.m. My flight was 4 hours late and I had no idea what to expect. A huge wave of relief washed over me when I found my name being held up by a friendly face at the front of the overwhelming crowd. The hotel was definitely dedicated to taking care of their guests.I was further comforted to be met with a strong display of professionalism at the reception, especially at 3:30 a.m. The other hotel staff were patient with my conflicting sleep schedule and did their best to help me obtain whatever I needed during those first hours.The hotel’s choice of tour agency to help me plan the rest of my journey to Rajasthan, Kashmir and Daramshala was outstanding. The employees of Abyss Tours were friendly and personable. I completely forgot the fact that I was alone in a strange land very far away from home. All recommendations of hotels throughout the tour were superb.I will always recommend all my family and friends who wish to travel to India in the future to stay at Clark’s and use Abyss Tours to ensure that they will find the whole Indian experience as delightful as I did.	
Aug 14 2007 	Enjoyed our stay at Clark International!	We stayed at this hotel for two days and here's why I liked it.1. The staff is very courteous and helpful.2. The rooms are clean and when you request extra towels or sheets, they are provided promptly.3. The food is very good and their breakfast buffet is impressive.4. the hotel is centrally located and one can easily access major tourist attractions.	
Aug 5 2007	Good Midrange Hotel	After having considerable difficulty locating a midrange ($50-$100) hotel in Delhi for a personal visit, we settled on the Clark Intl. based on reviews on TripAdvisor. We had a delightful stay and were very pleased with the hotel staff. 1) They showed up at the airport as promised for the complimentary pickup. They come in an Indica (small car) so if you are a large family with luggage cal them and let them know in advance.2) Our room was basic but both the room and the hotel inside was very clean. Folks who have written negative reviews are likely having inflated expectations of what $50-60 per night can get you in Delhi. The area around the hotel is not great (in the middle of Karol Bagh) - that did not bother me so I liked the hotel esp. the courteous staff.3) The complimentary breakfast and the attendants serving it are very professional.4) We had made our own taxi arrangements for Delhi and Agra sightseeing and there was no pressure put on us by hotel staff to use their services. They did organize airport dropoff for us when requested.Overall very happy with the hotel - would definitely stay there again if going thru' Delhi on personal visit.	
Aug 1 2007	Not a bad deal for the location and facilities	The hotel is centrally located in the Karol bagh area and close to Metro station . The facilities are clean and maintained reasonaby well .The complementary breakfast is good . The negatives - the surrounding areas are not too good , but you cannot have a central location like Karol bagh and peace together. They provided complimentary pick up from airport (because it was free the driver did not run AC and we did not particularly insist although it was hot) . The reception staff was also helpful in arranging early morning taxi drop off to Nizammudin Rly station.Overall a good value for money proposition and above average clean facilities in a central location.	
Jul 3 2007 	Better than expected	For our arrival in Delhi my partner and I were looking for a clean but basic hotel at which to spend our first night. After reading reviews for other hotel in the sprawling city we decided upon the Clark International.As promised the hotel duly provided the complimentary pick up from IGA as promised. Although we were informed by email before we arrived that as we were to arrive at 0800 we would not be able to check-in until 1200, this was not the case. The hotel was able to accommodate us immediately, which after a long journey was greatly appreciated.The room was basic but spotlessly clean with a working air cooler (rather that air conditioning) which was noisy but apply drowned out the street noise below.As anticipated we were offered trips, booked through the hotels' travel agency, but when we declined their offer there was no 'hard sell', unlike a lot of India.The hotel is not centrally located but is a short five minute walk from the efficient New Delhi Metro.	
Jun 17 2007 	Great buy off season	I picked the Clark based on reviews on Trip Advisor. Got a good deal through hotels.com and then hoped that I had made the right choice. It was. My pal and I had a terrific room in a not-so-full hotel, for an off-season price that made my friends' jaws drop (people always tell me Delhi doesn't have mid-range hotels -- apparently, we found the only one). Our two-bed room was very clean, we had air conditioning, a fridge, ceiling fan, cable TV, nice bathroom, and a very nice staff happy to help. It was as quiet as can be expected (for *Delhi*). The staff recommended a travel company nearby to rent a car &amp; driver for a day, and the driver took us to a fantastic shop for clothes, then to a beauty parlor near the hotel to get a very reasonably-priced manicure and pedicure. The second day, when we told the staff where we wanted to go, they recommended we take the metro, which isn't too far away by walking, and is a terrific way to get around. There is some shopping not too far away from the hotel -- shoe stores are good, but the clothing stores weren't so great. There aren't really restaurants around, so you will have to rent a car/driver for that (room service is decent at the hotel). I found the hotel a great respite at the end of each day. Will definitely stay again.	
May 26 2007	Comparatively Impressive	In general, Delhi is a shaddy place, full of touts and scammers. The Clark is relatively safe, clean, and a good deal for a budget hotel. Our room did not have any windows, but the sheets were incredibly soft and clean; the beds were comfortable, and the airconditioning a blessing. The hotel is also near a local night market and only five minutes from the Karol Bagh metro. Do not trust the hotel tour guide! He brought us to his office and pretended to call the train station for tickets. He lied about the seat availabilty, luring us to his expensive car rides. Rather, check with ABC (?) travels, which is on the corner of the hotel block. In all, the hotel was a decent stay, and I would definitely recommend it to a friend.	
May 9 2007	Beware of being bumped!	We booked three rooms in advance for the Clark International - but despite having our bookings confirmed (and our credit cards charged!), on arrival we discovered that the hotel had over-booked itself and were abruptly ushered round the corner to a much lower standard hotel.Although our booking was with the Clark, we can only review it on the basis of the accomodaiton they supplied us with: the rooms were dull and not clean (a thick layer of dust covered most of the furniture); the bathroom consisted of a shower, an overflowing toilet and a bucket; the ceiling was covered with small flies; the hotel was noisy (children running around and constant unidentified dripping in each room during the whole night); and the breakfast cutlery was not clean.When we confronted the manager of the Clark International about being moved to inferior accomodation, he claimed that it was due to a business conference, and as a result the cost of our evening meal was waived - but we still left feeling shortchanged and somewhat disappointed with the experience.The communal areas (including the restaurant) in the Clark seemed of an acceptable standard - the roof terrace is worth a look for the sight of a heaving city.However, even if we had a cast-iron guarantee of a room at the Clark, we would probably not book there again as the hotel does look rather tired.	
May 8 2007 	excellent hotel. you get very good service delicious food for a very reasonnab	Francoise Wang-Toutain. french nationality the location of the hotel is very convenient. Delhi metro station is a 5 minutes (may be 3) walk and the metro goes directly to Connaught place. The staff is very welcoming and help for finding places where you want to go. the restaurant on the fifth floor gives a view of this part of Delhi witha large and very clean terrasse The food is very clean and delicious (I mean for a foreigner like me) the room are comfortable (though I had not the most comfortable one). The cleaning is done correctly everyday. the internet is free access. Also on the road to the metro station you have a nice market selling indian clothes and also daily life things. It is opened until 9 o'clock in the evening. It's a niceplace to spend some time. I stayed for ten days in this hotel for I was working In New Delhi. It was nice to come back every evening in a clean and friendly place. I would recommend the hotel for those who do not like the snobbish atmosphere of the great palaces of Delhi but still want good qualities rooms and services.	
Apr 18 2007	Acceptable two star hotel	I stayed at that place twice, with quick and friendly check in. Rooms on both occations were small but rather clean with surprisingly good bed linen. Bathrooms came with working but primitive showers and toilets. Good towels provided and they even had toiletries. Neighborhood is an extremly busy and loud bazaar area with traffic that drives you crazy. Since no taxi driver knows this hotel, suggest you print our the location map from the hotels web side. Personally, I prefered to eat at McDonalds just around the corner, or a Pizza Hut 300 meters away, not really finding the hotel restaurant appealing enough. For cheap internet access and even printers, there is a place right next to the hotel.	
Apr 16 2007 	You get what you pay for (in pounds dollars 	As several other visitors have noted, there are very few mid-range priced hotels in India. I am an American and have lived in Bangalore almost two years and find it's low end or Taj properties, all over $150/night with not much choice in between. The Hotel Clark International itself was nice, but was on a narrow side street in an older part of town. I appreciated the pick up service from the airport, even though the plane was over an hour late. The driver tried to hustle me to a travel agency almost immediately, but we needed time to rest because my traveling companion was not feeling well from the flight. After an hour, he took me one minute's walk to Indian Tribal Tours (see my review in Delhi info). The dining room is on the top-5th- floor, but the very old elevator only goes to the fourth floor, so it's not handicap-friendly. Check in and out was efficient. The buffet breakfast was fine; omelettes could be cooked to order. There is both inside and outside seating. I asked for a quiet room and we were given a small room with no windows. Actually, the A/C unit was in the window. The hotel was a bit pricey for India and what we got, but I'm not going to complain about it.	
Apr 15 2007 	New Delhi	Great hotel - very basic but great service. The hotel was a bit noisy between 7am- 7pm because of the market, but you felt like you were in India and not a sterile 5* hotel.My two children loved it and we had a great short stay in Delhi.	
Apr 15 2007 	Good service. Nice Place. Great Value.	Clark International is a fine hotel. Our rooms were clean. The room service was quick and food very good. All of the staff were very pleasant.We took advantage of the pickup from airport as well as a trip to Agra and a tour of Delhi. The tours were good and the pickup is handy. The hotel took care of all our transportation and tour arrangements from the moment we landed to our departure. This is an extra cost, on top of the room, but well worth it. It made things very easy and enjoyable for us. We would recommend this hotel to anyone going to Delhi for a few days. There is a bit of street noise at night, as the other reviewers have said, but it is tolerable.	
Apr 15 2007 	Safe Clean and Trying hard	Clark International DelhiTrying to maintain a decent standard of budget hotel in a chaotic city. This is clean, safe (at least for us), with services, fittings and staff that work, if all look rather tired, and decent if not exciting food. Use a locker for your valuables. There is no free mineral water, but its only about 15r from the minibar, and there are supermarkets through narrow doors and sometimes in the basements in the major shopping street, one short block from the hotel (where sundries will cost next to nothing).If you arrive on the early UK flight your room isn't likely to be ready until the guests check out and it's serviced, so you'll need to hang around in the restaurant, with an accumulating number of guests until it is. Pay for breakfast ~300r whilst you wait, other breakfasts and transfers are normally included, all explained on their website which seems accurate in text, though the pictures are overly flattering, and taken with an estate agents eye! We could not discern any advantage of our 'presidential-suite', apart from being marginally higher up from the traffic, so I'd suggest booking based on ensuite/no-ensuite and being done with it.Be prepared for standard scary Indian driving practises on the pickup, but the management will come to both the airport and the train station with a board whilst the driver waits (including meeting you from your carriage in the later case) which is very helpful if you take the all air-con out-early-late-back express (thoroughly recommended) to Agra for the day. There will probably be a couple of mini power outages or fluctuations during a day as well, which will trip the TV and air-conditioning, but normally last &lt;30s.The hotel is located in the odd shopping district of Delhi with small streets and shops, be prepared for noise, dust, disorganised telephone lines, stray dogs and dilapidated store fronts. It can be a bit of a shock if this is your first stop in India, the rest of the city is much the same, but there is a huge jump up in cost to the better hotels which have gardens and gates to sheild you from this.There are two metro station within a short walk, Karol Bagh is the one to head for, the other requires negotiating a difficult junction. The hotel has a useful if slightly haphazardly scaled and street named map. Its well worth collecting this along with a business card in order to get back to the hotel via an Auto through the myriad streets. We couldn't find a prepaid auto stop nearby the hotel, but there are plenty in the city centre to help you get back.The restaurant is on a roof terrace which gives a good view of the urban roof top landscape, for better and for worse - geckos on the whitewash, palm squirrels scampering on parapets, kites circling in the smog, continual honking of horns, inexplicable sirens, horns or drums (depending on the date) and endless dust. It's done out in Bamboo, with nightlights and waiter service and tries it's best. The Indian style food is better than the western, the breakfast is an odd mix of the two.	
Apr 14 2007 	Clark International -Good Hotel in Budget Price	Peter Goh: Hi There, this is my first exprience in Hotel Clark International, New Delhi, India. And it was extremely good. They provided good service beyond my thoughts. The hotel clark is three star amenities but they have some five star facilities. I got pick-up on time as they promised. Food was really good,bit spicy but i like. Staff was very friendly. And one of the best interesting thing is free wi-fi. Room was neat &amp; clean &amp; specially beds &amp; linen. Finally we enjoyed lot. My suggestion for travellers: Avoid any type of reviews &amp; use your exprience &amp; mind.Peter Goh	
Apr 10 2007	Clean safe and well staffed. Pity about the noise...	Although I'd concur with other reviewers comments regarding this being a clean, well maintained and well-staffed hotel, I can't really go any further without mentioning the street noise, which a light sleeper would really struggle with. Hard to blame the hotel for this but worth pointing out.The pick-up service was good and appreciated given our delayed arrival at Delhi Airport but I found the hard-sell tactics from our pick-up regarding procuring guides and further travel tickets a little tiresome when you've just arrived off a long flight. The hotel staff were however, efficient at arranging taxis and giving advice on other transport/tourist issues.Also worth pointing out for the uninitiated, that Karol Bagh (the area in which the hotel is located) is a long way from the tourist sights of Old and New Delhi, although the hotel is just a five minute walk from Delhi's crowded but otherwise excellent new Metro system (Karol Bagh stop). So the airport pick-up makes even more sense in that you can get a grip on the geography of the place before you venture out.All in all, just about worth the money but be careful if you are a light sleeper!	
Apr 10 2007 	The Objective Truth	First of all in order to provide readers with unbiased review, it will be best to start with the general context. First-timers in India, especially travellers from Europe and the US should know that India is very different place from home, not saying good, bad, beautiful, or ugly, the word different incorporates all those adjectives. My word for India would be spicy. When I arrived at the airport, I felt a little disturbed, it cannot be compared to the Munich airport that I left. The facilities looked much older, it was dirty and the place was crowded with colorful people. OK, I needed a coffee urgently, first surpise was that there was no schwarz coffee available, don't you even think of a good espresso, so I had to go for a nescafe. On the way out of the customs, a driver holding a sign with my name was waiting (I requested from the hotel my complimentary pick-up). The trip to the hotel was an adventure itself, people cooking in cauldrons on the street, small cars and motorbikes everywhere. The traffic is very busy, all cars scratched and those people horn vigorously, in fact, due to the fact I guess that they drive on the right side, on the buses you see the signs &quot;Keep distance&quot; and &quot;Please horn&quot;. This habit of pressing the horn vigorously, I did not like, because in the Clark hotel, I could easily hear those, because of the ill-fitted windows. Well, the first night it bothered me a lot, from the second night on, I got used to it. A few words for the hotel - it is situated near Khan Road (Ghaffar market) and honestly it is very busy area, dirt, small shops, street vendors, ugly buildings. The hotel itself is OK, reasonably clean and the staff was friendly, but I would expect more for 60-70 EUR a night. There was hot water during the first day, then disappeared, then came back. Breakfast was...OK.... I had an omlett, some toasts and butter....the rest I did not eat. I had troubles finding good quality food. My Indian hosts, however, brought me to a distant beutiful residential area, to a restaurant called Chopsticks - excellent place (I remember it was located in Asiad Village)The hotel has a computer room with ppl who reply to e-mails, 3-4 of those young ppl I saw. Here I must mentioned that before picking up Clark international, I had hard times finding a hotel in India, and my travel agent could not help me much. Later speaking with my Indian hosts, one of my suspicion was confirmed - mid-range hotel in India is not what the European traveller expects. OK, Clark Internation is really a mid-range hotel for India, some of the other hotels in the area, those with fallen letters from their signs, really scared me. So, in New Delhi there are some very shitty hotels, some that are OK, like Clark International, and good hotels, which I later saw. The good hotels are located around Counnaught place.......beatiful gardens and luxury, but available for a bit above $ 300 a night. Some names of those are: 1. Hotel Imperial2. Hotel Le Meridian3.The Park4. Shangri La5. Ashoka Palace5. Taj MansinghIt is your choice, some people like to walk in the dirt, in those charming markets and bargain, however I got sick from the food and water (no ice, only bottled water), I had a three-day diarreah when I came back home, but this is because I was not cautious enough. I saw beautiful palces (Humayun Tomb, Qutub Mnar, Sagrafang Tomb, Museum of Handicrafts, India Gate.....), lovely gardens and everything is cheap.	
Apr 7 2007 	Top class	Infrastructure - excellent.Room &amp; Toilet - Spic n span, clean at the corners, pleasant colors, clean n comfortable bed, clean linen and towels, well stocked mini fridge.Staff - Extremely friendly, cooperative and supportive.Restaurant - very good.Travel support - very good with in-house cars and drivers. Airport transfer is included.Location - centrally located. good for shopping. metro station is close by.Suggestion - Keep tissue boxes in the rooms.Downside - not suitable if you are arriving by own car, since there is no parking facility.Overall rating - very suitable for travellers who are used to international quality hotels.	
Jan 16 2007 	Excellent Service - good value	We stayed at Clark for 4 days. Bookings were arranged directly with the hotel - we were picked up (even though our plane was delayed and we were over an hour late) and presented with roses (a bit OTT but still a nice surprise!). Staff very helpful and check in/out was very smooth.Rooms were fine - probably worth going for one up from the standard so you are higher up and away from the street noise. There is also a local market one road down that starts 5-ish until late (except Mondays) - very useful for picking up nick naks and getting quick deep fried snacks from. The hotel is about 20 minutes tuk-tuk ride to Connaught Place and about 35 minutes in a taxi from the airport.They organised a car and driver to take us on an Agra tour - much cheaper than the tour operators in the area.I have a suspicion that the food is brought in from a kitchen out side the hotel - but room service was always prompt and good value for money. The rooftop restaurant lacks ambience but worth a visit so you can watch the eagles swoop for their dinner - you can also get very close up to them as they land on the roof.The hotel doesn't have any alcohol listed on it's menus - but can still be ordered off the bill!	
Sep 7 2006	nice stay	The hotel was good , Rooms were clean with clean cloth covers, Over all nice stay as it was only one night	
Aug 30 2006	value for money	I had a nice stay in the hotel with my wife , a homly &amp; clean environment with prompt service was great . value for the money.Staff was kind and helpful. We had a nice stay and sweet memories.	
Jul 29 2006	feel allright		
Jul 17 2006	Excellent New Delhi Hotel		
Jun 8 2006	Good hotel for a fair price		
Mar 13 2006	Clean serviceable and comfortable		
Jan 29 2006	The pits of a hotel!		
Jan 11 2006	I would strongly advise that you avoid this hotel		
Jan 6 2006	Quite acceptible but certainly not luxury :-)		
Nov 16 2005	It's a complete rip off		
Nov 12 2005 	Clark was Unfriendly		
Aug 14 2005	Never stay at The Clark International Hotel		
Mar 1 2009 	Décevant pour le prix		
Feb 17 2009 	?????????????		
Jan 12 2009 	??????????		
Aug 26 2008	Un hotel muy recomendable gran equilibrio calidad-precio		
Jan 20 2008 	Super Preis-Leistung und Top Service		
Oct 24 2007 	Un buen hotel		
Mar 11 2007 	des gens peu scrupuleux		
	Ok hotel in a poor area	Ok hotel if you need somewhere to crash, not near anything useful except the metro and markets. Staff were helpful, area was dodgy.	
Nov 3 2009 	Worst hotel why i come here ?	I was confirming at hotel classic. The room service was good if you put some money for the house keeping. The price they charge for the rooms are again too high for what you want to get. Management should be ashamed of them.	
Nov 2 2009	Nice Clean Hotel Near Metro	We travelled Delhi in group tour of India of Delhi Agra Jaipur Jaiselmer. Hotel Classic is nice clean hotel with good facilities. We were served well by smiling staff. Hotel is near metro station will lift which in useful for old person like us.	
Sep 30 2009 	Loved The Classic Hospitality	Hotel Classic is Classic in all means. I was planning to cancel my trip to India due to disturbances in India but Owner Jitendra Chadda helped me on email and assured that he will take care of us. I am happy that I believed on him. He made our trip easy by making all our trips confirmed. Pickup person was always smiling (I was very annoyed with Cusom person at Airport) but he took care of our luggage. Rooms were cleaned with all basic amenities. We were upgraded to executive room on third floor at no extra cost which was surprise for us. Breakfast was good in room. Wifi was complementry at lobby and I found it very useful. We would be returning here next month on our way back.	
Sep 7 2009 	Excellent Stay	I have been visiting India's cities for last 2Months. This hotel has been most comfortable and memorable experience. After being picked from Airport in Air Conditioned Car we were given upgraded room on arrival. Service was good. Hot showers worked early morning (Surprising in Indian Cities). Even breakfast was served at 5AM on my request. Location is good with all food joints nearby. Lots of shopping also. Overall my experience was excellent. Thanks to management.	
Jun 20 2009 	Bad Experience	I booked the hotel on internet after seeing good reviews but on my arrival uncleaned room given to me but when i request the front desk they tell me to wait for 2 hours but after that they shift my room and again there was same problem. But at last they solve the problem. Over all experience was bad the room service was not good. The front manager was polite and good but service was zero.My over all experience was bad even manager approach me to put good review for the hotel and agree to give me the discount....	
May 5 2009 	Could be cleaner great location for metro	We arrived in the middle of the night having been picked up by taxi (read two chaps in someone's small car which unnerved us a little) arranged by the hotel prior to our arrival which wasa lot less hassle than trying to deal with mayhem at the airport at midnight. We stayed for two nights and found the staff to be really helpful and the service great, with room service at pretty much any time of night or day. The constant Bollywood blaring out of the reception TV was a little offputting at 3 o'clock in the morning but nothing compared to the rest of the noise in Delhi. Our room was quite large and had table and chairs and a sofa as well. The bed was large and quite comfortable, but the sheets weren't the cleanest I've ever seen and it didn't help that we didn't realise we were supposed to remove the wierd pillow cases before getting into bed. The bathroom was a bit grim, but no grimmer than any of the other hotels we stayed at in India during the fortnight that we stayed. The major bonus about this hotel is that it is in the middle of a slightly quieter surburban district and it is only a 5 minute walk to the nearest metro station, which for Westerners is the easiest, cheapest, least hassle method of getting round. The area was packed with shops,restaurants and one of the only department stores I saw. The metro being so close was perfect. although being separated (boys in one line, girls in another) for X-Ray scanning prior to embarking everytime was certainly an interesting method of security that I doubt passengers would tolerate on the Tube. There are probably other better value perhaps slightly cleaner hotels out there, but for first time visitors to India we found this easy, hassle-free, OK value for money, with good service, good English communication, and ideally situated for an initial foray into Delhi.	
May 4 2009 	Loved the Hotel N Staff	Good Clean Budget Hotel in Market Area Koral Bugh. We had beed reffered by friends who visited last year. It was very nice experience. Staff very friendly.	
Mar 6 2009 	great for two women travelling alone	pick up at airport was spot on, the man with placard with my name on it waiting for us, with the hustle and bustle of Delhi airport this was abonus for RS900 to arrive safe at the hotel, I also booked day tours to Agra and Jaipur,RS850 each.A/C bus for both, mostly Indians are the tourists that board these buses, so you have some good times joking about how much extra westerners have to pay to visit monuments. The hotel was clean comfortable beds and occationally hot water, but to be fair we were geting up at 5am to go on the trips. Breakfast we had in our room as there is no dining room, but this was nota problem, as a couple of times we had a meal in the evening, there is a good S,Indian restraunt round the corner and a modern food court.  The area of the hotel did not make us feel afraid to walk out in the evening, sometimes we did not get back from trips till midnight. The staff are a real jolly gang and could not do enough to help us, they booked a local taxi to take us round Delhi for the day and this is probably the best way to see most things in Delhi.I had been e mailing the owner for a couple of months prior to my visit, so when I met him it was like meeting an old friend. I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel, it is a quiet retreat in the busy noisy city that is Delhi.	
Mar 3 2009 	Stay in Delhi	Hotel was refered to us through common friend. But before placing booking on Expedia we crosschecked the reviews and foud it very satifactory. We were picked up from Airport on request to hotel and were given room on 3rd floor as requested in mail.Hotel is central located , clean, near to metro tube station. Nearby Mcdonald was a blessing for us.Hotel Manager arranged tour for us to Agra and Jaipur.We loved to stay here and recommend it to our friends surely.	
Feb 17 2009 	Bed bugs	We stayed here for just one night prior to returning home......the whole appearance is shabby however we were not prepared for the rude awakening by the bed bugs...very large bed bugs. On complaining at the front desk we were told they'd move us the next day which was useless since we were leaving. They brought up a bug spray and 'clean' bedding which in fact looked even dirtier.No breakfast is included and to be honest I'd really have my doubts on the standard of hygiene in food preperation...therefore we did not call for any room service.Its not a cheap hotel and better can be found for the price in this area.	
Feb 14 2009 	nice clean hotel at great location	The location is very convenient for the metro - a 5 minute walk down a busy shopping street brings you to the hustle and bustle of the road where the metro station is, and then it's only 3 stops to Rajiv Chowk Connaught Place. There's an internet terminal in the lobby and wi-fi .The staff is fabulous, always eager to help and friendly I needed an Indian SIM card for my cell phone. The duty manager sent his assistant on foot at 9 pm to escort us with the necessary documents to get a card.The pickup as promised was there and were taken to the hotel which took about 30 minutes. we were greeted at the reception nicely and were checked in . All facilities were there as written in Reviews. Must Try their Breakfast in Bed!!!!!  	
Feb 4 2009 	grungy hotel	Really quite expensive for a grungy little hotel. The location is fairly central and close to the metro that's about it. The rooms look pretty tired, tv had poor reception and no complimentary breakfast. On arrival after a long trip went to get into bed but found the sheets and duvet cover were really dirty and stained. We phoned to ask for clean sheets but the sheets the staff brought up were worse than the ones already on the bed. They went through several sets of sheets looking for clean ones but found them all in a similar state with blood stains, greese spots and/or holes. They gave up after looking through several sets &amp; up and opened a brand new set for us. For IRs 2811 (approximately US $60.00) we expect clean sheets.	
Jan 26 2009 	Superbly Sited Classic	As with most travellers, we arrived in the middle of the night, so we didn't see too much. As part of our stay we arranged for the hotel to pick us up from the airport, saving a huge amount of time &amp; hassle. The next morning we found that we were in the very safe &amp; friendly Karol Bagh. The hotel itself was clean &amp; functional, nothing flash. However, what made the stay so memorable was the helpfulness of the staff and the hotel's location. Go up the street &amp; turn right and there's a very good, cheap, vegetarian restaurant. Turn left &amp; there's a 24 hour ATM that accepts foreign cards (very handy as it takes forever to change money in the bank). Go down the street &amp; you're in the thick of the Karol Bagh market where you can buy anything &amp; everything very cheaply. Turn left and the metro station is at the end of the street. From here you can see a lot of the city easily and inexpensively (11 rupees to the Red Fort).	
Jan 17 2009	Not worth it	There is nothing really wrong with this hotel but you can do better for the price.The room was clean, with TV, hot water, etc.The staff were fine - although sent me to get ripped off when buying a SIM card from their friend.Airport pick up was good but you can do it for MUCH cheaper. They charge 900 INR, when you can get there easily for 300 INR.	
Jan 16 2009 	Does not offer WiFi in the way they advertise it!	One of the reasons I liked the sound of this hotel was because of the other reviews saying the WiFi access is good.However, when I arrived they said I could only access the internet from the lobby. The lobby is very small and the only seating area is next to the reception desk, practically blocking the main thoroughfare of the hotel.This is an inconvenience, not a value add. Not at all comfortable and certainly not appropriate for any more than 5-10 min use.	
Dec 25 2008 	Clean Affordable Hotel in Bustling Delhi	Very Clean Hotel in Busting Delhi. Very Cheap and found same as given in reviws. A;port p;up OK. Staff help to guide you for city vision and Jaipur. Provided hot B;fast in Room very early morning. Very happy to book this hotel.	
Dec 22 2008 	Perfect Hotel for Our Short Visit	This is Nice Hotel in Market Place Koral Baugh. We were very worried for our agents choice of hotel before arriving India. But our worries vanished when we arrived at Hotel Classic. Agent made a perfect choice as we required clean but not costly rooms. Hotel was extremely clean. Staff was very cheerful and replied to my queries about Agra. We are a group of 7 persons came for Taj Visit. We were provided with our choice of breakfast in our bed as we did not wanted to have breakfast anywhere else. Dinner was also very good. We will visit again on our return trip.	
Nov 23 2008 	GREAT START OF TRIP!!!!!!!!!!!	Great Great Great. Our Start of Tour has been Excellent. We booked this hotel by watching reviews of this hotel. I did not expected that organising Indian tour could be so much easy. I requested Airport pickup at midnight and hotel offered pickup for US$20 instead of US$25 as listed in website. They were prompted in replying and confirming. Maduu Hotel Pickup person was waiting for us in A/C Car. Room was same as shown in website. No Carpets with Wifi at Lobby-FREE. Now at Indore I called hotel and thanked. We will definately visit hotel again on my way back to US.	
Oct 24 2008 	good hotel	I spent 3 nights in this hotel.Rooms were quite good, clean and not noisy.I would avoid room 104 and 107 on 1st floor, since they are next to some a/c machines and imagine are quite noisy.Staff was nice, spoke good english and helped me whenever i asked for.Hotel is 5 min walking from metro station.The hotel almost meets western standards and i would recommend it to a friend.	
Oct 6 2008 	Love It	Our Uncle Booked 2 Rooms for us in this hotel. Before comming here we were very afraid to travel to India due to Bombs and terrorist attacks. But for a marrige sake in Mogga(Punjab) we had to come. But we are happy that we were in safe hand of this good hotel in croweded Delhi. Pickup was excellent in Big Cab with one of hotel person standing with placard at morning odd hours. Rooms were very comfortable. Free Wifi is available at Reception area due to security reasons. Staff very helpful. We are moving today to Punjab and will be back in this hotel again next week for overnight stay.	
Sep 3 2008	An acceptable Delhi hotel	The Hotel Classic is an average mid-range hotel in the bustling Karol Bagh district. The good: - The hotel is very cheap. We paid 1500 rupees per night for a private AC room.- The room service menu (including breakfast) is very cheap for basic but tasty food. We had Indian food one night from there for dinner at it was delicious and extremely cheap.- The hotel can arrange reasonably priced transfers and pick-ups to the airport and train station (but with issues, see below)- It is only a 5 minute walk to Delhi’s excellent Metro system which can take you to Connaught Place and Old Delhi without having to sit in traffic.- The room and bathroom are clean.- The Air Con is very effective.- Laundry is reasonably priced.The not so good:- The view from the room is of another building, and is not nice at all.- The TV has only Indian channels. - The location is so-so. If you’re a white person, you stand out a bit in the very busy area of Karol Bagh.- There is no in-room safe.- The bathroom is basic (clean, though) and has no shower curtain.- We had to check out of the hotel at 3am and get to the airport quickly. I had pre-arranged a transfer with the hotel to pick us up at 3:15am, but when we came to the lobby with our bags etc there was no record of any booking being made. They were able to get us a car in ten minutes though (resplendent with totally shattered windscreen).- Hot water is sporadic so expect a few cold showers.I would not advise people against this hotel, but I don’t think I could recommend it either. I suspect there are better located, nicer hotels in Delhi. It all comes down to how much you want to spend.	
Aug 29 2008 	A most excellent starting point in India!!!!!	This hotel turned out to be the PERFECT starting point for our visit to India. Mr. Jitender made arrangements for our driver and car and also set me up with a local travel agency to make other hotel arrangements in India.There is no room for error when traveling in India...so the driver Mr. Jitender arranged for us was most important. His name was Suresh, and he was incredible. The hotel was very inexpensive by my travel standards as I am used to paying $100 to $200 per night. Classic was our first impression of India...and the staff there was friendly, warm and welcoming. As we arrived late, they even took my morning breakfast order and then delivered it to me right on time! Thank you Mr. Jitender for making our India trip a success.	
Aug 8 2008 	very helpful staff	great location, near the metro station. the room is clean and the hotel staff are very helpful,especially the manager. train,flight reservation can be made thru this hotel and the most important thing, u can chat and get informations online from the staff	
Jul 25 2008 	Clean generally acceptable room	This is an inexpensive hotel in a very crowded neighborhood that will probably be very foreign and confusing to most westerners. I stayed here for two nights upon arriving in India, and while the hotel itself is fine, above average value by Indian standards, I would advise staying at a Western hotel for a couple of days upon arrival to acclimate to India.The good: rooms are clean; I though my room smelled bad, but then I realized the problem was that my window did not shut completely, and so was letting in the smell of Delhi. Furniture is acceptable, the bed is quite comfortable, and while nothing about the room is spectacular, it is acceptable, at the level of budget accommodation in the US, and I was fine paying the posted price for the room. The airport pickup was smooth. The staff dealt with me honestly, quoting me prices for cars and services that turned out to be quite reasonable and fair. I appreciate this. One desk worker made a call in Hindi for me, which was very nice. They gave me a wakeup call (2 other places I stayed at in India forgot). There was a computer with a slow Internet connection right next to my room that I used several times, without being charged. They routed several phone calls to my room for me. The bill was handled in a straightforward, efficient manner.The bad: hot water was in and out (this was true in all of India for me), I couldn't get the cable TV to work, the driver they found for me was a dishonest shyster, as near as I could tell I was the only guest, yet there was a staff of about 10 Indians milling around the lobby at all times, which was intimidating and weird. The location, in my view, is less than ideal for a tourist, it is hard to find; at any rate, I would recommend getting a driver for the whole day and not attempting to go on foot from here. The view out my window was of a filthy courtyard, and the windows did not shut completely.This is acceptable accommodation, and while there are nicer hotels to be had for more money, if this is what fits your budget, I think you can feel good about staying there.	
May 5 2008 	Always the Best	We stayed here for 2 nights at the beginning of our holiday in India and for 2 nights at the end(now too hot to stay here), the first part in a room and the second in a suite.The suite was large, clean and quiet.The staff were courteous, obliging and quietly efficient.This was the one decent place we stayed in in India and it made a world of difference.I asked to have breakfast served in my room. Once again, no problem at all, no extra charge for the brilliant and quick room service. All in all I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Delhi.	
Apr 30 2008 	Loved the Classic with Classic Service	Hotel has the best service you could want. They made us feel right at home, and went out of their way to supply all our needs and more. All of the staff made us feel comfortable and were very respectful. Arriving in Delhi at 10pm we got off the plane to find Madhusudan waiting for us with a welcoming smile. We found the service and the staff a delight; they did everything to make us feel at home. They indeed provided me assistance in providing air tickets to Mumbai for tomorrow without any service charge. I recommend this hotel to everyone in my friends and relatives.	
Mar 29 2008 	Peacefull Hotel in Hectic Delhi	This was the one decent place we stayed in in India and it made a world of difference. Very cool place, peaceful and stylish. Good service and not that expensive though not sure how much we paid. Its not the best value for money we have had but worth spending up for. I have now few hours to linger at Delhi Airport, so thought of posting review instead of crushing down in rush at counters.Management owner was great help in arranging tours for us.Market is just walking distance and location is Lively only drawback is traffic noice during day but as night crawls in all get smoothened up.There's a computer and desk provided in the passage area and the internet connection is good. The laundry service was also good and we had no problems with anything we got back, and thought that we probably could have trusted it with more than we did.We also hired the hotel's driver &amp; car for a few hours for some sight-seeing around Delhi and were pleased with the service.	
Mar 5 2008 	Impressed with Service	I am still staying in this hotel. Extreeeeemly clean :-). Loved thy are treating us. I must say I have travelled a lot in South East Asia this Season but the service, facilities and management is uncomarable to any 3* hotel anywhere. They kept person waiting at Airport even our flight was late almost 3hours and they didn't charge extra penny for such delay. We are here blessed with Free Wi Fi with compliments of management. Owner /Boss ?? is wonderful guy assisting our local trips with detailed maps- that too complimentry!!!!. Staff here is attentive to our calls and swing into action whenever required. Location is wonderfull- in busy busy market. Pollution -Key factor Govt should look into. Just two blocks away is metro station connecting to main city centre-CP.	
Jan 24 2008	Great little hotel	I booked this hotel for 2 nights after having seen some positive reviews on Trip Advisor. Rechecking Trip Advisor shortly before I left for Delhi I was concerned to see that subsequently a couple of very poor reviews had been posted, one of which suggested that guests had been somehow induced to write good reviews. It was therefore with some trepidation that I decided to stick with my original reservation, and in fact it was too late to cancel anyway. I am happy to report that, for me, this was an excellent choice of hotel. I thought it was full of real charm. The pre-booked transfer from the airport could not have been smoother, especially given that my flight was over 2 hours late arriving. Most of the staff were extremely helpful and friendly. I really liked the room I was given. In fact I simply cannot understand why the poor reviews were posted. Were they really staying at the same hotel? Can the other rooms really be so different in terms of cleanliness?, this would seem highly unlikely to me. Maybe the hotel has simply got its act together following the unfavourable reviews. My room was extremely clean, cosy, quiet and had everything one might need (television, fridge, telephone, writing desk, comfy chairs, extremely comfy bed). The furniture may not have been very new, but it was fine. The bathroom was also extremely clean, nothing flashy but perfectly adequate. There was also a nice roof terrace for sitting out - with the addition of some chairs and plants this could be an extremely pleasant place to lounge around for a while. Breakfast served in room also worked well. I would definitely stay here again. If you do decide to stay at this hotel, or indeed any other hotel in Karol Bagh, check out the nearby Ajmal Khan Park to see the local population enjoying all this small park has to offer.	
Jan 12 2008 	comfortable n best stay	ideally located,excellent service ,warm staff and i always make my customers stay there and all appreciate the hotel.	
Jan 5 2008 	It is OK	I chose this hotel after reading a few comments here. They were mostly right. This hotel is really OK nothing exciting but clean and the stuff was very friendly and helpful. It is situated right in the centre, which is good as well.It is a bit old-fashioned and you have a feeling that it looked good in 80's but it is a decent average hotel. No dining hall tho so you have to make sure you ask for your breakfast to delivered to your room!N.F., London	
Dec 9 2007	The Pits -- Stay Away	Do yourself a favor. Stay away from this hotel. Stay far away. We were looking for a hotel in a good location with a reasonable price, but is an undervalued diamond. We often find such hotels on TripAdvisor, and we will continue to try, but this was definitely not one of them. If anything, it was worth much less than the $50 a night we paid. The rooms were not clean. We had to ask for towels. Three or four people hung around asking for tips. Three guys carried up two bags with their hands out the whole time. And then the security guy came up to show us how to use the air conditioning so he could solicit a tip. The bedcover was filthy and my wife slept on it with her clothes on. The smell of mothballs was everywhere. We left after one night and let them keep our prepaid second night. Yuck.	
Nov 24 2007 	Old Fashioned But Not Bad for Price	Warning - we booked online via a 3rd party site and were sold a &quot;room + breakfast&quot; option. Although you can order room service, they use a good local restaurant and don't have their own kitchen or dining room, nor do they offer any kind of &quot;included&quot; breakfast with the room. So don't trust any other Web site that tells you they do.The building is fairly old, the elevator tiny, the room old fashioned. I liked it as did my husband, but I can see that an American unused to travel outside new US hotels might be a little let down. It's no worse than many places I've stayed in NYC, Rome and elsewhere of the same vintage. It was certainly clean, and the location extremely convenient to the train station and local shopping.ABSOLUTELY Do contact the hotel directly for their airport pick-up service. They'll overcharge you (you pay about double what you would if you're a good bargainer with a taxi on site) but it's stioll not that much and well worth it if you've had a long flight and get in very late at night as so many Int'l flights do. Having the taxi there with our names on a posterboard made a big difference in the insane crowd of meeters and hawkers that assault you when you walk out of the arrivals lounge.	
Nov 15 2007 	DISASTER!	After reading positive reviews on this site, I've decided to book a 4 night stay at this hotel. What a mistake! It seems that there is no logical explanation for the good reviews, except... There is a big sign in the front lobby and in the elevator, saying &quot;Post a good review about us on tripadvisor.com and you can win 2 nights free stay&quot;. Yes, those who stayed there know what I'm talking about... I have personally seen 5 different rooms in the hotel, and they all were horrible. But, that will come later. Now, I'll talk about everything as it unfolded. Nobody waited for us at the airport, despite an arranged pickup. Fine, we go out, haggle our brains out with some taxi drivers, get imho a great deal (750 INR) for a nice AC car. We get to the hotel - they have no idea about our reservation. After lots of talking and etc, they say fine, we'll give you a room to freshen up, and then we'll see. We go up to the room. I have been in many places in the world, as work and a passion for travel takes me virtually everywhere. I have not seen a DISASTER like that anywhere in the world. Literally anywhere. The room is tiny. Dirty. Cramped. Smells like HELL. The bathroom is worse than a public toilet in a Moscow road underpass (or the subway for that matter). And it's really hard to beat a public toilet in a Moscow road underpass. I get upset and go downstairs to talk to the concierge. He says, that he doesn't really understand what my problem is. An Australian fellow overhears our conversation, and starts talking to me. Turns out to be my colleague, in town for the same reason as we are, with another colleague of his own. They've booked 2 rooms, arrived late at night, so they had no choice. They are shocked as well, despite this being far from their first visit to India. Together, we started looking for a new hotel. As we walk back upstairs, I see a cleanup operation in progress for one of the rooms (the door is open). 3 guys, with dirty rags, are busy smearing dirt around the room, instead of cleaning it. One guy, whacking the headboard of a bed (yes, whacking) with his dirty rag, will remain etched in my memory for a long time. Long story short, I got a second room. A higher end one. Yes, it was bigger than my co-worker's. Smelled a little better (still horrible). The washroom though - same story. Anyhow, we had to stay there for 2 nights, after which we moved to Sri Nanak Continental. Look it up, if you care to read my review about it. Bottom line - STAY AWAY from this place and from Channa Market in general. If you can, avoid Karol Bagh too. Not everyone can afford that, though. A couple of additional points: 1. One of our Indian colleagues went upstairs with us, on the night of our first day. He told us, that this hotel is considered to be ok/nice for an average middle class family in India. In other words, I guess it seems bad only to westerners. 2. I got to meet the owner of the hotel, on the second day. He felt genuinely chagrined by my unhappiness. He spent a while talking to me, gave us a duffel bag with the hotel logo as a gift (didn't really want to take it, but my colleague wanted it). He also forgave us some of the additional charges (water and etc). I mean it was for a laughable amount of 90 INR, but it's the effort that counts.	
Nov 15 2007 	It's New Delhi	Above average compared to other New Delhi moderately priced hotels. If possible, call direct to book--much cheaper. Everything worked; A/C, TV, fan, hot water. Asked for and received fresh towels when necessary. Tip everyone that helped you during your stay on the way out.	
Sep 17 2007 	Bit of culture shock	This was a good hotel (with air conditioning and a back up generator). Delhi can be quite a shock to the system but this was a nice oasis. The metro was very close and easy to use. The rooms were clean and the front desk staff spoke English.	
Mar 23 2007 	Likely the best you'll find -- walk to shopping 	This is a decent hotel in the heart of the shopping district (walk 1/2 block from the hotel and you're on the main street). We stayed at this hotel for several days on two separate occassions and we did notice a big difference between the first floor and the third floor rooms -- third floor is much nicer and quieter. For the price, it's about the best you can find in Delhi, and the location is great for shopping. Also walking distance (about 3 blocks) to a GREAT restuarant -- Udupi (its clean, cheap, and great South Indian food!!). On the down side, the doormen were the lasiest I've seen anywhere, but the management seemed very nice.	
Sep 17 2008	Hotel très symptahique		
Aug 5 2008 	Service très attentionné		
	Delhi2	Not a bad hotel in the national capital.The rooms are more or less well maintained and well furnished.Kitchen is also good.Location is probably out of the way.Food is good and enough choices.In short good value for money.	
Nov 24 2009 	"A Home in Karol BaghDelhi away from your Home"	Hi! I am a business person from Bangalore and i am happy to share my experience of my stay in Hotel C Pak Inn . Past 1 year i am visiting Delhi atleast 4 days in a month for my business. I had searched for a decent hotel in karol Bagh and finally I got this C Park Inn throu my friend. Almost a year now this C park Inn became a Home for me in delhi away from my Home. After each days business meets i am so relaxed and i feels that I am at home in this hotel. The Manager Mr.Udham Singh is very kind to help the guests and i was amazed to see the way he conducts him to the foreign tourists. I must tell their Staffs Ashok,Praveen and Ravi , all are pleasing guys and will assit you without any hesitation.Staying here is a peaceful and pleasant experience for me, it is simply a luxurious at a reasonably economical price.I wish all the best and keep going C Park Inn!	
Nov 22 2009 	Good Midrange Hotel In New Delhi	Despite of several inconveniences during my stay here (no toilet paper in my room, no hot water in the evening unless you ask for it beforehand, air condition in room 206 is noisy, I had no bedsheets) I still recommend other people to stay here. I stayed here for 4 days. It is located very well in Karol Bagh and the services you get from the management/staff are good. They advise you in a very firm tone with travel advices etc - you don't feel that they are giving you that particular advice in order to make some rupees (which is something I have often felt when talking to the hotel staff in India).	
Nov 19 2009 	A great hotel	I stayed at this hotel after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor. The rooms were really clean. The staff was real friendly and knowledgeable, and helped arrange various tours and day trips throughout my stay. I would definitely stay here again, no question.	
Nov 1 2009 	will be back in the future	A good budget hotel.Very nice manager en staff.Are very helpfull.Shops are close and also the metro station.You can book your trips in the hotel.The manager can give you good advise.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great Hotel!	There are many hotels in Karol Bagh, Delhi, India. The C Park Inn is one of the best! The rooms are clean &amp; comfortable. The staff is very frienbdly &amp; helpful. And you can't beat the price. This is my SECOND stay here and I plan to stay here again when I return to India. I give the C Park Inn my very best recommendagtion!	
Jan 29 2009 	Very comfortable and convenient stay	This hotel is clean and comfortable, with good facilities and helpful staff. I have been travelling in India, visiting various cities, and my experience of staying here was far better than in some other places. There were no hassles, the staff were helpful and friendly, and there was no issue with me checking in early. They made my business trip no less than a pleasure!	
Nov 7 2009 	Mehr kann man für das Geld in Delhi nicht erwarten		
Sep 27 2009	opinioni sull'hotel cpark inn		
Oct 16 2009 	Trust the reviews..avoid this hotel.	Myself and 3 other friends stayed at the Dee Marks for 2 nights. We had booked 2 rooms through a travel agent and was told that it was a decent hotel.We arrived late the first night...and were somewhat greeted warmly by the doorman. Hotel was dimly lit and seemed like no one was there. Room: tiny, single beds. Bathroom had basic features...strong water pressure but hardly any hot water. If lucky..water is lukewarm. Hotel employees were not well trained and would linger around expecting and wanting a tip from bringing us fresh towels, to ice to room service. Breakfast was very dissapointing. Bread, and fruit...and can order eggs through the waiter.We checked out and returned to the hotel a night later as part of our tour package and the front desk male receptionist was grouchy and rude...and not helpful nor friendly. Doorman was hovering expecting a tip for opening the door. None of the facilities were open. Hotel is hidden just off the road in the middle of nowhere.Would not recommend this hotel at all...there are many others to choose from and at the rate they are charging...US180 a night..it's unbelievable.Would rate it at a motel standard...a 2 star.	
May 16 2009 	With friends 133095454	This Dee marks hotel was selected by me &amp; my friends on certain aspects, like reasonable rate package was the main out of which security was the prime. As this hotel had given a good security but as compared to the rooms were also reasonably ok. But if we come on room package &amp; what hotel is providing on other aspects , then it was upsetting as many things was not in working as I have seen on net like swimming pool , No WIFI Complementary(which was mention as complimentary on net check) It didn't provide aurvedic message as that was also mentioned.&amp; on these main few thing's like swimming pool, WIFI Complimentary, Aurvidic message,etc we saw on net, &amp; as on comparison with other hotels price it was quite reasonable, as it was other part that they didn't provide me those things, for which I was not happy.As comparison with food &amp; sweet item I found many items were not there, as that again upset me.Apart they have good collection of wine.....Rest more or less I have found it overall that the kind of hotel what we see from out side, it is not like that as we have to be care full with cross check of bills, which might be wrong some time as it happened with me.	
Apr 14 2008 	Good hotel let down by the staff	I am day 2 into a 6 night stay at the Dee Marks. It was booked for me by the company running my training course.Overall the hotel is good, the rooms are clean, spacious, value for money. They have individual air-con, a good TV, and the bed is comfy.But it is let down by petty things, namely associated with the staff.They have a big menu. Its just that for the first 2 nights in a row, they don't have my first choice meal. Cut down on the menu if you can't support it! I even ordered ice cream on the 1st night to be told the chef had melted it! That was a bit worrying; it left me wondering if the fridges worked or he just left it out.They advertise Wi-Fi, but you find out you have to pay for it. I was staying in a Premium room. Perhaps in the super-deluxe rooms it's free. On the 2nd night, I was on the Internet only for it to stop working half way through. I went down to complain, was asked whether my time had run out (it hadn't). It transpires one of the staff had pulled out the network connection so he could plug in his mobile or something!The shower was lukewarm. I skipped it on the second morning, it was freezing! With 35 degrees outside they wouldn't even need to electrically heat it, just use solar panels, but somehow the water was cold.I did a foreign exchange. Only they didn't have a 20 ruppee note so they said they'd give it to me later. OK, it's worth hardly anything, but I'm principled on these things. On the 2nd day I asked again for it and they said they'd sent it to my room. I never got it and I'm not going to ask again, but things like that completely let down a hotel and make it look very unprofessional.Overall, I would say there's nothing wrong with Dee Marks - it's good value for money. If you want to keep it simple, use it for a nights sleep and you're not fussy about what you can eat it'll suit you perfectly. But it could be a really good hotel if they just sorted out all the silly things!	
Sep 11 2007 	ruin your stay at dee marks	it was a last min decision to travel to india for business. i tried to book in to a 5* hotel as usual, however at such short notice was imposible. i rang rates to go and was suggested the dee marks, without an option i booked the super deluxe suite with them on the phone at a price of £550 for 5 nights. when i arrived at the hotel they charged my card, then was shown to my room. as a frequent traveller in instantly realised that this was not a suite. i challenged the reception and he told me that this was their equivelant to a suite. after some arguing i reluctantly i want back to my room were i found a brochure outlining there rooms in which i found details of the suite i had reserved. once again i went to the reception with the brochure. to this he said that this room is more expensive and would cost me an additional £550. i explained that at rates to go the prices are confirmed and he should honour the suite as confirmed. he said he would need to confirm it with the manager in the morning if i stayed in the room for tonight.after a 15 hour flight and 2am in the morning i agreed.the next morning i was sceduled for meetings and was away from the hotel for 6am and returned at midnight.on my return i was told that the manager has said that i will have to pay the difference. to this i asked him to check me out and i will go to another hotel. a quick phone call to the manager soon resolved this as the manager agreed to let me have the suite however i didnt recieve the super deluxe suite but only the deluxe suite.i decided that i dont want to spent the duration of my trip arguing with the hotel as it seems to be going that way. so i accepted it.once in the room, the juccuzi didnt work at all nor did any water come from the taps. it was just as well that there was a shower that had luke warm water!!!i was not honoured any of the deluxe complimentary serviceson business i usually swim duing the evenings however when i went to the pool it was disgusting and cloudy. it was no wonder that it was deserted.overall i would not recommend it nor do i feel that it justifies the catergory of a 4* hotel.i can catgorically say that because of the hotel , my business trip was a nightmare.!!?	
Jun 17 2007 	modern hotel close to airport	We stayed here one night in early April 2007. A new, modern hotel inside, we didn’t get to see the grounds since we got there late in the day and left early in the morning. The folks who checked us in were professional and assured us a taxi to the airport the next morning was included in the price of the room. However, the next morning, a different person tried to charge us for the taxi ride. I argued with him, and when I mentioned that the older gentleman I’d spoken to the night before said it was included, the guy backed off. Not a big deal, just something to be wary of. Maybe get that kind of stuff in writing at this hotel. We ate dinner in the restaurant—it was very good. As we finished, a wedding party arrived and we tried not to get in the way of their photos! Phone in the room didn’t always work when calling the reception desk, and trying to make an international call was a hassle. Nothing special about this hotel, but it is clean and modern if that’s what you want.	
May 12 2008 	Proche de l'aéroport et plutôt propre. Rien de plus		
	If it is not Ajanta it's got to be Delhi City Centre	I was in Hotel Ajanta the sister concern of this hotel for 3 days on work. I checked out, made a trip to Agra and returned to this hotel. Very nice and comfortable rooms, excellent service and a great location	
	Filthy rip-off.	Do not stay here. The website is misleading and the place is disgusting. There was actual blood on the walls of the bathroom and the building is literally falling apart. The management will lie to you and rip you off. An absolutely disgusting experience.	
Nov 13 2009 	Horrible hotel	We arrived to be told that because we had arrived early we had to pay for almost an additional nights rate. As we were tired after our journey and in need of a shower we had no option. It would have been good to have been warned about this especially as we were in contact with the hotel prior to our visit as they were sending a car to pick us up. The hotel is nothing like the photos you see (most of these are actually of the adjoining Ajanta Hotel which appears to have some kind of partnership going with the Delhi City Centre hotel). The room whilst 'cleaned' was uncomfortable in that the sheets and towels were grey and so threadbare there were holes in them, the air conditioning didn't work, the fan very noisy so much so we thought it was going to fall off. Staff wanted money for just about everything, so much so that one actually pushed his way into the room while we were undressing to ask for money for returning the passports they took off us on reception. The desk manager rang us at 6am waking us up to 'double check' how long we were staying despite going over this and writing it down several times.There are a number of hotels on this road that are far better for the same and less money. We stayed in one on our return to Delhi on the same street and it was 50% quieter and more relaxing.Only thing going for this is it's location.... but then there are other hotels!	
Oct 29 2009 	Cozy and comfortable-good budget hotel	I travelled with friends to India and stayed in new delhi at hotel delhi city center. I liked the room in the hotel. Nice and bright. My friends stayed in Ajanta Hotel and we would all walk to Connaught Place to eat Indian spicy 'chat' [thats what the dish is called] and go shopping to Janpath. The staff helped me understand where to go and what to see.	
Oct 19 2009	Awful Hotel	I was in this awful hotel, and the staff would try to cheat you at every time. They charge things you haven't consumed, and for that price you can go to a REAL HOTEL, that's a pathetic place, with pathetic staff really. I hope the government would close it for obvious reasons, they cheat everytime they can, you will be robbed!	
Oct 11 2009 	Definitely Not Recommended	We stayed at this hotel with our 3 children in the Family room. I wouldn't trust any of the staff, they took our passports to &quot;photocopy&quot; details for check-in, but took a long time to return them- they asked us to go to our room without them but we refused and finally they brought them back.The room itself was ok, but not clean, especially the sheets which were changed and changed..but there were apparently no sheets without rips or stains- so we just put up with ripped sheets!The area around the hotel is terrible, the smell, the dirtiness as well as people ready to hassle you as soon as you stand outside.Also for breakfast you have to go to the Ajanta, a hotel just in front of this hotel. You have to walk through a dirty and stinky alley way which may put you off eating your breakfast anyway. The staff there are not interested in service anyway.We definitely will never stay there again!	
Oct 1 2009 	Awful hotel dishonest staff misleading website - don't do it	Pretty appalling. BEWARE - this has a &quot;sister&quot; hotel, The Hotel Ajanta. The photos on the website are of the Ajanta (which look quite reasonable), not the Hotel Delhi Centre and if you go there, you will find out why. The Ajanta is cheap and cheerful, but this is not even that good. Having looked around before checking in, I challenged the staff and they lied to my face several times, but when I threatened to leave without checking in they moved us to the Ajanta.	
Sep 29 2009 	Defination of the word pathetic	I was on a business trip to Delhi and fortunately I had the privilege to book the hotel of my choice and unfortunately my destiny took me me to this hotel. people are really pathetic, room service guys look into your purse, as though its their birth right but anyway let me put it like this &quot; its not a three star hotel pls don't get misguided and secondly its a place you are destined to deserve the worst possible respect&quot;	
Sep 6 2009 	Escort...	Hello,Escort girl entered by the back door with her client, customer of the hotel. Though they were discreet, they were not hiding. This hotel is probably not to recommend for family.Best regards,Stéphane	
Aug 22 2009 	Good Hotel - just don't try and leave early for any reason!	My daughter and I had booked in advance 5 nights at this hotel. We thought it was overpriced for India. The hotel is operated by the Ajanta Hotel and is located behind the Ajanta. Breakfast is also served at the Ajanta Hotel. It had advertised being adjacent the the train station. It was not. The train station was about 5-6 blocks walk and the Main Bazaar and Connaught Place were not even close to being in walking distance. The staff were friendly and helpful. Mr Manik the tour director pressured us into a tour to Taj Mahal in a private car rather than taking the express train as he said it would take the same time and we'd be back before dark. After two nights and finding out that the tour operator was less than honest with us we cancelled our tour and decided to check out and leave India for my own health reasons at 7am. However we were not allowed to do so without paying the full 5 nights I had booked (but not yet paid for). After much arguing and upset and threatening to call the police they settled on making me pay for 3 nights (instead of only 2 that I stayed) and made me write a note stating why I was leaving - I did so under duress just to get out of there. We felt like we were being held hostage. The hotel owner later came to try and talk us into staying but never offered us reimbursement for the extra nights charge we did not stay. Upon returning home I checked the website and they had no right to charge me an extra night.Had this situation not occurred when we wanted to leave early I would have totally recommended this hotel. But since it happened I and feel cheated I would not. Never has this type of thing happened to me at any hotel I've ever stayed at on my world travels.	
Jul 19 2009 	Acceptable Room No Wifi	I stayed in a &quot;Family Room&quot; with a couple friends. The room was smaller than expected and not especially clean (found condom wrapper next to the bed). The location is convenient, as noted by other reviews. The staff was friendly, spoke good English, and was helpful. We were disappointed that the &quot;free wifi&quot; that was supposed to be included in the room was non-existent. At check-in, I asked about it and was given a password to access the network. 10 minutes later, I tried to access it in the room and found no network. I went downstairs to ask, and they said there was no internet. Go figure.	
Jul 3 2009 	made my stay in delhi much easier	the staff at this hotel makes it a great place to stay. mrs. ravi helped us plan a great trip north of delhi. our trip to delhi would not have been nearly as good if we had not had the staff of this hotel to guide us. the room met my expectations and the breakfast was good.	
May 21 2009 	good for the location	I stayed at this hotel 2 nights, I think the location is great to go to Delhi station, metro, Connaught place. Regarding the room, it is simple - not good and not bad. I felt the price is a bit expensive with total.And this area - Pahar Ganji, Main bazar are very busy so if you'd like to stay quiet and clean area, I dont recommend this hotel. if not, you will enjoy your staying.	
May 12 2009 	Modern safe and very Friendly	brand new modern hotel ,picked us up from the airport gave us a nice hot meal at 3 am at night and woke us up the next day our breakfast was ready as per my prescribed medicinal diet which i had emailed them about.They dont have a seperate conceirge but hotel staff spent enuf time to answer my questions .I will be back and have recomended them to my organisation .	
May 1 2009 	Great place!	This is a super choice for the budget traveller, close to Connaught Place and Old Delhi. Much better than many other cheap places opposite the railway station	
Feb 11 2009 	great value!	Great place to stay in Delhi! For the price I paid, I got exactly what I wanted - clean, comfortable and welcoming place to stay. The staff was extremely helpful and go out of their way to serve all your needs. The room was good size, freshly painted with clean sheets etc - had a good sleep. Place is pretty quiet too, stayed here for a few days, enjoyed it.	
Oct 25 2009 	?????????		
Sep 2 2009 	Hotel effrayant et pas en sécurité!		
Aug 28 2009 	So Bad		
Oct 28 2009 	Not a bit like the website	We were disappointed with this hotel.We should have researched it better.The pictures on the website are misleading.My tip would be to make sure you read reviews carefully before you do your booking and maybe only book 1 night at a time until you see a place.The airport pickup was a plus.	
Oct 25 2009 	A++ Warm friendly 	We booked this hotel from the airport through lastminute.com and we reluctant to leave the taxi upon arrival (basically a very busy commercial street!). Once out of the taxi we were greeted by friendly doorman who took us to reception and from there on the experience was great.Staff were very friendy, going out of there way to help us to ATMs at night (safely) and to get to and from India including help in booking a great taxi service to the Taj Mahal competetive with train fares.The shower water pressure isn't the greatest - but that is possibly a consequence of being in India. Rooms were cleaned - food service was efficient and tasty.Is a bit further from Connaught Place than we thought - but is reasonably accessible by taxi at 60 Rs each way.	
Oct 6 2009 	Sweet Home	I Booked through the website- made the most of the offers they have on it- stayed for 3 nights got one night free and also a agra trip free. paid $45 per night though..The hotel is very comfortable compared to the hotels in that locality, seriously. This was my 3rd time in delhi and stayed in express 66 for the first time..excellent i must say..the rooms were clean, the staff very friendly and helpful and in overall a very homely atmosphere they have maintained. the food in the hotel was also good.The other hotels in the same locality are very very shady...i recommend everyone to say who are looking for excellent accommodation in a budget price.p.s also beautiful rooms!!! thumbs up guys..	
Sep 24 2009 	bad express	We were so unhappy with this hotel, When we saw mouse in our room we all are scared and all jerk staff start smiling. Slept there one night because we had no choice. Coughed most of the night because of the smoke-embedded room. Eyes were on fire for a full 24 hours after checking out. Even the guy at the front desk thought it was horrible. I’d call that false advertising of nce and clean rooms.	
Sep 7 2009 	superb staygreat services..................!!!	We had serched for the hotel through internet.We contacted the hotel people on telephone,and booked one executive room, we reached Delhi by Rajdhani express in the evening from a hectic tour in calcutta. As said there was a hotel guy on the station waiting for us with a car. we were then taken to the hotel which was hardly 5 minutes drive from the station.At the lobby we were offered welcome drink (Coke).After completing the formality we were taken to our room.The ambiance of the room was very good as shown in the picture on their web site.The services were good and the staff was very humble and polite and always ready to help.The hotel people arrenged for a cab for local sight seeing and a trip to Agra at a very cheaper rate.and the Taxi driver too was very friendly and polite. we stayed in the hotel for 7 days. In all we enjoyed the trip to Delhi.I would always recomend the hotel to all my friends that whenever they visit Delhi they should stay in Hotel Express 66.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great stay	we reached delhi at about 10.30 pm.we were exausted as we came out of te Airport the pickup cab was waiting for us as promised by the Hotel.It took 35 min.to reach the Hotel from the Airport.As we reached the hotel lobby a guy was standing there to welcome us with a glass of refreshing drink.Then we asked the front office manager to show the room.we were offered the executive room which was in every way very comfotable AT VERY LOW PRICE according to my budget.As we were late we asked if they could serve us the dinner,and they said yes they can ,so we ordered for Indian food and it came in approx. 25 min. the food served was hot and delicious.We stayed in the hotel for three days and we never felt that we are away from home as the staff was very soft and polite and was always ready to help..............................In short we had a GREAT STAY and enjoyed a lot.	
Jun 13 2009 	average one	I travelled to delhi for business purpose and was looking for some hotel near to pahar ganj &amp; found Express 66. Hotel is quite ok with all the required infrastructure &amp; other facilities. wi fi also good.only thing is the location. situated on narrow road with full of traffic &amp; bit difficult to find. staying there in small budget is a really worth!!	
May 15 2009 	not bad	stayed here for 2 nights.. good service friendly staff at front office, rooms were clean and was informed that these were recently renovated .. looked better than the ones on the website quite surprising. use of jazzy wallpaper's and wooden paneling not bad....	
Mar 28 2009 	not great	i booked this after finding it in a search engine.and reading some favourable reviews. our 3 night stay was our final leg of a month travelling around india. it was very disappointing from the outside and i went to inspect the rooms before we unloaded the luggage as i thought it couldnt possibly be the same place. it is located on a very busy main road home to the timber and aluminuim industry which is in use 24 hours so if you are a light sleeper like me then not ideal. the room and bathroom were clean (apart from the room floor as our feet soon got dirty walking around barefoot after our shower) bathroom is modern and has a shower curtain which is always a plus in india as all bathrooms tend to be wetrooms so everywhere gets wet! there is no restaurant and you have to order breakfast (which was included in our package) and any other food via room service which is then brought to your room. (a service charge of 10% is automatically added to this bill which we didnt know until checking out). as we were out all day sightseeing etc we decided to eat at the hotel in the evening too (also becuase there didnt seem to be any decent eating places around the area) and opted for plain food -macaroni cheese with mushrooms. even this was spicy and made with tomato sauce and cheese just melted on top. 2nd night we had chips and cheese toasties which werent too bad. 3rd night my husband and friend had the macaroni and mushrooms but they both ended up leaving it as it didnt taste right - they have been ill since. i had the vegetable noodles which werent that great either. my friend's husband stuck to eating curries and he was fine. we had to leave at 4.00am for the airport and transfers were included. i had asked for a large car but we were given two small cars so had to travel separately. the male receptionist had to be woken up so we could settle the bill and seemed to fall asleep whilst talking to us! there was some confusion over the complimentary breakfast on our last morning. my husband had asked for plain omelette which turned up with spices and onions. they charged us for one of the juices as we should only have had one glass as complimentary (i think this was the gist of it). i asked to check our food orders for the previous days and pointed out that we hadnt been charged for any breakfasts on the other mornings as it was included in the price so they waived it. nothing is walking distance - connaught place and karol bagh are accessible by a 3 wheeler (dont pay more than 40 rupees for this). on exploring the are we found that there are lots of little shops in all the side streets off the main road. i wouldnt use it again	
Dec 4 2008 	Shocking vicinity but folks try to do their best	Arrival was a shock: smog, smoke, dust, metal traiders, wires... Hotel starts from 2d floor. No trees around. Nobody knows the street and the hotel. Exterior looks totally different. But the room was clean, normally equipped. Personnel tries to do their best, but it is not a normal hotel for normal people. It suites for local to stay between railway travel - New Delhi Railway Station is in 500 meters.I've spent 2200IR per night, it costs such a price, but for 5000IR they ask now its better to find a hotel in another quarter. You cant open windows both because of dust, smog and noise. WiFi doesn't work. I was transferred to another room without my will, but nothing was stolen.Finally we even ate there, no stomach problems.	
Jun 20 2008 	Good value in Delhi	We stayed at Express66 for 3 nights. The hotel was clean and represented excellent value for money in Delhi. The external appearance of the hotel differed from photos that we had seen but rooms are as they appear on the website. The hotel isn't on the best street in Delhi but at least it's not in the heart of busy/noisy Paharganj. Our deal included breakfast but there is no restaurant so this had to be taken in the room which isn't ideal. Overall we would recommend this hotel.	
May 27 2008 	A Small Paradise	This hotel is a wonder in it self &amp; one of the most beautifully designed hotel from inside. The locaion is a bit crowded but being in the city center one could expect that much of crowd.The hotel rooms are spacious &amp; elegantly designed. The best part is that everything in the room was in perfecty working condition which we didn't find in any other hotel in India. We spent three nights there without any complaints &amp; all the staff members are very friendly.One of the cleanest hotels I have ever seen.Total value for moneyExcellent Service High hygiene standardsFrom the airport pickup till the departure from the hotel, It was a wonderful experience altogether.&quot;DEFINITELY A COME BACK HOTEL&quot;	
May 26 2008	EXPRESS 66 one more 6 to hell	I stayed one night in Delhi and I did the choice for Express66 believing in what other reviews said about it. When we arrived the zone seemed devasted by war. the smell around was terrible and everything was filthy and ugly. The hotel entry looked like an ugly storage buiding with nothing nice. once inside the hotel wasn´t that bad looking but when we entered the room many details were wrong firstly we tried to swich on the TV it didn´t work (no conectors). When i told to the staff they send one guy whom after looking the conector he went away and never came back with solution. The room we booked it was a double twin beds and they said on arrival they only had one bed double. When I tried to turn on the light on the bed table the light wasn´t connected either. there we was surrounded by dust everywhere. then the morning came and I had to go to airport early so i went reception and i asked for place to have breaksfast wich was included in the room deal. they said &quot;don´t worry, we´ll take it to your room&quot; so I went to my room and we waited. after one hour the breakfast never arrived and we had only 5 minutes to left to the airport so I went reception and they were there looking at me from a very lazy position showing too much a lack of care.we got so upset that we didn´t want to take the drop off with them and we left without breakfast by rikshaw to the airport for less than half price of the car. we came back to Delhi a few days later and we stayed in Ajanta Hotel about two streets behind where Express66 is located and believe me i got double quality for half of the price. clean nice and very professional staff. who did the votes high rates to Express66? themselves?Fran	
May 9 2008 	Do not be cheated!	This hotel is run by frauds! We had selected this hotel based on its high review on TripAdvisor and its relatively low price.The hotel is in a very shabby part of the town. There are some abstract paintings on the walls, but that's about it. The room had a damp smell. The hand shower in the toilet did not work. Complaining to the manager did not work. We rented a taxi for half a day to roam around the city. When we got back, within the half day period, the travel desk said the minimum charge for the taxi is a full day. This was clearly not what the manager had said, who was not there later.We asked for advice on how to go to our next destination - Jaipur. The travel desk just wouldn't give any advice other than taking their taxi at a high price. When I enquired about bus routes, he gave me a myriad of logic not to take a bus. At first he said there were no AC buses to Jaipur, then he said there are no buses except at night, then he said it takes 12 hours to reach Jaipur, then he said it costs Rs. 800 for each person. Each of these were a lie.One reason for selecting this hotel was their free wifi. But it was a hoax, it did not work for more than 5 minutes.One guy slept on a sofa in front of our room, and we could hear him cough the whole night.At check out time, came the biggest shock. When we had taken the taxi, the manager said the charge would be Rs. 800 per day. But they billed us Rs. 1200 for a day! The room charge was Rs. 2999. When we said we wanted to pay in USD, they used a conversion rate of 37 Rupees instead of the bank rate of 40. It's not the few hundreds we paid extra, but the attitude of ripping off customers, that we disliked.	
Apr 21 2008 	Very good	The hotel location is not very good, but the rooms are news, comfortable and clean. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I have a great time in Express 66.	
Mar 27 2008 	A Spotless Hotel in New Delhi	My family and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Express 66. We reached Delhi very late at night on March 19th, and the hotel pickup service was at the airport on time, awaiting our arrival. Honestly, Express 66 is not in the best part of town, but upon our entry into the hotel lobby, we completely forgot the streets outside. Our check-in was quick and efficient, and we found the staff very willing to cater to our needs. In fact , I had been in touch with hotel's MD several days prior to our arrival, and he was extremely friendly and accommodating of our requests. The rooms were very reasonably priced (something difficult to come by in Delhi) clean, and well kept. The MD has taken obvious care in maintaining the establishment thus far. A very creative and contemporary collection of art is also tastefully displayed throughout the hotel. My family and I also enjoyed several meals from the hotel's kitchen, and we agreed that the food was well prepared, and tasty. I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone who requires a clean and reasonably priced place to stay in New Delhi. You will certainly get more that what your money pays for.	
Feb 28 2008 	Express66 is worth each penny	I am from Canada . I stayed in Express66 not once but twiceand have reservation for the third time. The rooms and bathrooms are very clean. The manager and rest of staff are helpful and their service is excellent. After checking and comparing many hotels in the area , i decided on Express66.	
Feb 17 2008 	new and clean hotel	The hotel is new and it is quite small (there are only three floors with a few rooms per floor). The rooms are very clean and the bathrooms are new. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They are very eager to assist customers in any ways possible. Our experience dealing with the staff was very pleasant and they made our stay quite comfortable. It can get a bit noisy at night if you have a room with a window towards the street (which happens very often in hotels in Delhi, unless you are in the more quite areas such as the Diplomatic Enclave).	
Sep 20 2009 	Comfortable hotel to stay in Central Delhi	The Florence Delhi is a small chain of moderately priced, small and friendly hotels. The staff worked very hard to please. The hotel was clean and comfortable, certainly a 3+ star.This hotel was very clean and comfotable, the folks were very friendly and helpful with all of our needs. The street is quite busy and it isn’t close to the airport, but we wanted a clean and cool hotel and this was perfect. The dining room/restaurant remains open until very late and the food is great. Food was good, both western and Indian . They were happy to please. It is a relatively quite neighborhood in the WEA area, with a quiet stroll in a residenital area and small park near by.	
Sep 20 2009 	Truly a nice hotel	Hotel Florence is truly a nice hotel to be in especially when you want a reasonable or mid range hotel.This time I was here with my family and I needed few extra facilities like airport pick up.I felt really happy when the staff told me that we provide picks up facility to our guest @ reasonable price.They received us at the airport and we were in hotel within 35 minutes.We were provided a beautiful room with a comfortable bed.Room services were also round the clock and I felt that all the staff members have very jolly and friendly nature.We appreciate the services of the hotel at such reasonable rates. Over all the staff was very help full and i am glad that i stayed here. Good job keep it up	
Sep 8 2009 	Better pay more but stay at ****	The place shown on the map has nothing in common with real location of the hotel and thus it was one of the reasons I had chosen Florence, I was very disappointed. The breakfast on the first day of our stay consisted of scrambled eggs and toasts with jam though we expected buffet. We were told that only 4 rooms are occupied, so there is no reason to cook for a buffet, and when we asked for at least some vegetables, we were offered to pay additionally. And there was no hot water when we arrived at 11 o'clock at night. The rooms faced a street, so it was too noisy. Then we wanted to change the period of our stay at Florence, but staff could not help us at all saying we should do it at local Indian travel agency though we not able to connect it. The only good thing about the hotel is a building itself, nice and clean, but it is not a sufficient reason to stay at Florence again.	
May 30 2009 	Excellent hotel in Budget Class	The Hotel Florence is a comfortable place in &quot;Budget&quot; style, conveniently located close to Delhi’s most famous shopping hub called Karol bagh, in fact every shopping location was near to the Hotel.Actually we were on a shopping tour to delhi so it suited us the best. The hotel facilities and rooms are of excellent quality.We had booked Deluxe Rooms through www.resavenue.com but got upgraded to higher category after speaking to the Hotel General Manager.We enjoyed our seven days tour.The Pre arranged air conditioned coach for Airport pickup, Sightseeing Tour &amp; Agra Tour booked by the Hotel Manger was very comfortable &amp; luxurious. The trip to Taj Mahal was a memorable one.Room &amp; Toilet - Spic n span, clean at the corners, pleasant colors, clean n comfortable bed, clean linen and towels, well stocked mini fridge.Staff-Extremely friendly, cooperative and supportive. Restaurant &amp; Room service was very prompt &amp; food was very deliciousBut overall the Hotel Florence proved a welcome oasis every evening after the hustle of Delhi. Knowing the city better now we would probably not go back and try to find a slightly cheaper hotel with more character, but for a first-timer with some money to spare, this is a good choice	
May 15 2009 	Best Value for Money	Florence is situated in the busy areas of Karol Bagh. Florence wins hands down in value for money. Mentioned below are why I recommend Florence1) Ideally Located2) Very Very Very Clean3) Good Service4) Bang in Middle of the shopping areas5) Good Food in Florence as well as the locality around6) Good Rates Only Drawback : Repetitive Breakfast , the same everyday. :)Go for it.	
Jan 26 2009 	ok hotel but a bit antiquated and not exactly cheap...	We stayed at Hotel Florence just the final night before flying back home after 2 weeks of travelling around Rajasthan. The hotel was clean and the staff very friendly, but the whole décor was rather old and stuffy…Delhi overall is very expensive compared to the rest of India, so the double room at Rs3000 was probably not bad for Delhi standards, but an absolute rip-off compared to what you could get in other places for that kind of money.Our room rate included a Welcome Drink (a glass of super-sweet Coke…could have done without that) and breakfast.Breakfast buffet was ok – not very big and “very Indian”, but ultimately you could also get non-spicy food if you asked for it.	
Dec 17 2008 	Excellent hotel in good location	Hotel Florence provides precisely what you would expect from a Budget hotel in the category: Good accommodation and absolutely first-rate service.The rooms are small, but well appointed and well maintained, with Mini Bars and excellent restaurant on the top floor.In a city where quality and price do not always carry the relationship that one would anticipate, the Hotel Florence is a very safe choice.	
Jun 13 2008	Big Mistake!	Staying in this hotel was a big mistake. Next time, I will do my research on tripadvisor and stay somewhere much nicer. I would NOT recommend this place to anyone.SUBPAR ROOM: The room and bathroom were of decent size and cleanliness. But upon entering, we noticed a musky and unpleasant smell. We paid a little more for a &quot;deluxe&quot; room with a window, but the view was horrifying - there were hundreds of tiny beetle-like bugs crawling around outside on the other side of the window. In fact, a couple of these critters actually made their way into the room (not sure how as the windows seemed to be sealed). There was also an inconsistent supply of hot water. One of us got hot water at night but the other was forced to take a cold bucket shower the next morning.UNDESIRABLE LOCATION: The surrounding neighborhood is run down and far from the colorful marketplace I expected. Definitely not a nice area.POOR SERVICE: I couldn't find information about internet availability in the guestbook, so I called the front desk and asked. They told me that there was internet available on the 4th floor where breakfast was served. I specifically asked if the internet was free and the front desk confirmed that it was. While I was using the internet, I heard a lot of yelling in the kitchen next door. A man walked in from the kitchen (I assumed he was the boss because he could speak english whereas the rest of the staff spoke little, if any, english) and he proceeded to tell me that I needed to pay for the internet in a very unpleasant and brusque tone. I politely explained that I was told internet was free, but he dismissed my claim and demanded to be paid. I didn't want to upset him any more than he already was (I'm pretty sure he was the one doing most of the angry yelling in the kitchen) and it wasn't that much money, so I just paid him and left.	
Apr 7 2008	Did not like it very much	This place is okay, it is clean and the staff tries to be helpful. We were still quite disappointed, because the place is anything but cheap for Indian standards. Most of all, its location, Karol Bagh, is inconveniently located and an unattractive neighbourhood. It is both far from the train stations and Delhi's tourist spots. During night time it looks like a slum.We got one of the quieter rooms, which are located in the core of the building. These rooms though have no window or only one leaing to a tiny, dark light shaft. Our room was quite small, the ones to the road side are much more spacious, but the traffic din there is unbearable, if you sleep longer than until dawn. The cleaning staff makes matters even worse when they start to roam the place in a most noisy manner from 6am on. It seems that it takes all day to clean one floor and they will not stop shouting and throwing things on the floor!	
Mar 23 2008 	Take it From a Solo Female Traveler	The deluxe room, where I stayed for two nights, was a bit small but not cramped. It was passably clean but the smell of moth balls that were placed in different parts of the room was an assault to the senses. What I liked most was, as a solo traveler, I felt safe here. I also appreciated that they immediately replied to my email asking about room availability and then reservation. Well, it also helped that I also gave them a call. Ditto for giving referrals for package tours by local travel agencies.	
Jul 22 2009 	decent inexpensive hotel	After staying at terrible Godwin hotel selected by myself, I was referred to this by Incredible India staff, who were very helpful and went out of the way to help us.This hotel is ok, not great, but something decent for those on budget. Location is in the shopping areas, althought most of Delhi is like a shopping area...	
Jul 1 2009	Great place to stay to experience Delhi	A nice hotel with new features and friendly staff, Manager/Owner Daljeet Singh was very helpful in assiting me from the ever changing enquiry for my group to the payment and pick ups also. The hotel is nice and new in the centre of Karol Bagh with auto rickshaws and shops all around making it easy to get around Delhi from this great centre. Staff were great and will stay again next time we go.Breakfast was included and choices were excellent... loved the chai (ginger tea).	
Jun 11 2009 	Clean and efficient with very cooperative staff	Stayed for 2 nights on way to Mussoorie ans again a night on way back. The place looks to have been recently done up; and done up pretty nicely. Room was clean, spacious and with all basic amenities. Very good value for money. The room service is excellent and so is the cooperation we got from the reception staff who are really friendly and helpful. Location is ideally suited for shopping but rather conjested and noisy; though very safe. On the negetive side ,1. they should keep replacing the soap/shampoo etc in the bath. Those looked reallly dated ! 2. The TV reception is poor , though the TV itself was an LCD flat. They should get DTH connection.Overall a very nice place to stay on a budget.	
Mar 13 2009 	good stay	this is my 8th year at this hotel now upgraded to a good quality my 8 day stay was very good the owerners were very pleasant helpful and treated us like family the general manager ravi was excellant as usual nice excllent staff the food was excellant brilliantly cooked the bosses eat there so that should say it all so please GO there rajan &amp; kiran chhabra gerrards crosss bucks	
Jan 27 2009	A nice stay at the good palace	Was pleasantly suprised, I stayed in the Good Palace for 1 night before my tour and 2 nights after my tour and to be honest wasnt expecting it to be too great due to the low cost of the rooms and general lack of appeal on their website advertising. However I was wrong I enjoyed my stay they have helpful staff who at first may seem a bit standoffish but will do anything for you if needed, they also have great room service (some of the best food I tasted in India), and their rooms are neat and nice. I would have given it an above average rating due to good value for money but they were refurbishing the lobby during my stay and it was a bit chaotic so it wouldnt of been fair to give a higher rating. For the low cost of the hotel I think it is a nice place to stay, I would go back.	
Oct 7 2008	Basic but decent - you get what you pay for	I stayed at Hotel Good Palace as part of a package deal with Namaste India Tours (which turned out to be a fabulous bargain as a whole). Our room at Hotel Good Palace was clean and decent, the walls and furniture were well maintained and the TV was functional with a basic selection of local channels. The AC was also fully functional. The bed, chair and wardrobe were basic but in good condition, and the bedding was clean and comfy.The bathroom was a bit disappointing - the shower didn't work (we had to make do with a bowl and bucket) and the shower curtain was awfully mildewed. It was fairly clean (and usable - there was running hot water, thankfully) but it certainly did not meet the standard of the room itself.The staff were very polite and helpful, and the laundry was fantastic - I still haven't been able to find anyone who can iron a certain top of mine the way they did at the Good Palace.Location wise, you must bear in mind that this hotel is right in the middle of one of the busiest parts of Delhi. Therefore, to expect peace and quiet is simply unrealistic. If you MUST have peace and quiet, this is not the place for you.All said and done, you will get what you pay for with this hotel. It's a budget hotel for travellers looking for a decent place to stay at an affordable price. You won't pay premium rates to stay here, so don't expect a premium hotel.	
Mar 1 2008 	Noisy Stay ast the Good Palace	First of all, the hotel is located in a noisy part of the city (central sales area). The rooms were small and poorly insulated. You could hear people talking in the hallway, talking in the building next door and the noise from the vehicle horns. Second, on the first night there was no hot water in the morning after 7:30 AM. Third, the brakfast was a C- at best. On the good side, the staff tried to be helpful. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone unless they like noisy places!	
Mar 25 2007	Low end barely acceptable	Used as part of and Intrepid Tours basic trip. It was a basic hotel. A little dirty, languid staff, few amenities--our air conditioner was ot connected, unsure whether it would work if needed. However, it was quiet and had the basics necessary for a stay. We had breakfast there and had no problems.	
	Perfect place in Delhi	Really nice place - close to the metro station, helpful staff, clean and tasteful rooms. We felt really lucky to have found this place.	
	Great Hotel for the price.	Been in India for over a month hubbing in and out of Delhi. Stayed at the Grand Park 4 differnt times. This hotel is a great base for exploring Delhi and Northern India. For the price, you will not find a cleaner or larger hotel room. The sheets are spotless, AND the blankets are freshly washed. AC unit worked great, hot water was good, hotel is safe and the area is fine. Breakfast is included as if tasted good, nothing spectacular, but no complaints. It's only a 40 rupie taxi to the train station. 3 blocks west of the hotel is a huge market street with loads of restaurants and shops (including McDonalds =)). The actual street the hotel is on is not the nicest place to look at... but it's fine and safe. My wife walked around at night and didn't feel uncomfortable.The owner Mr.Madan is a wealth of info, and will book tours and help you book train and flights. As a travel agency, they of course take commession on trips, but for trains and flights, he does it at cost using Indian online travel companies. His advice and help has made our trip extremely easy and has been really helpful. Internet is availble using their computer. No wireless internet in the hotel though.Listen, at the end of the day, here's why we stayed and continued to come back: It's very clean, it's in good shape, it's safe, and they provide good advice and will help you out with any questions or problems. If you're coming to Delhi, give this place a look.	
	Deos not leave a lasting impression	We stayed a night and wanted to extend for 2 more nights but the hotel staff was very greedy and the rooms are old. We moved to other hotel.	
	Clean affordable hotel to get away from the Delhi chaos	After having a bad experience in another hotel we checked into the Hotel Grand Park Inn. All the staff were very friendly and accommodating. Even though on the ground floor the hotel entrance was sandwiched inbetween shops, don't let that deter you. Once inside it is a quiet atmosphere (ok, as quiet as Delhi can get!). Our room faced an alley way so it was fairly quiet. The bedroom and bathroom were very clean and in good condition. We were given a bottle of water per day, per person. This was a great benefit! Other hotels we stayed in we had to buy water. Breakfast was either an Indian breakfast or American breakfast. Basically Chai and Parantha or eggs and toast. We ate in the breakfast room upstairs, but you could also have it delivered to your room. A couple of times we had dinner and lunch. The food was fairly inexpensive (for a hotel) and tasty. I also had laundry done, which was done on the same day and delivered to my room. My friend, who was travelling with us, used the owners computer a couple of times to check her email. According to a couple of the reviews, it was far away from the train station etc. We had a car and driver so I did not have a problem with this. Also, someone mentioned that the rickshaw driver didn't know where the hotel was, well Delhi has millions of hotels, the rickshaw drivers don't know every one! Make sure you keep the address with you, tell the driver the area first, then the street name, if anything the driver or you can call the hotel and they will give directions.	
Nov 26 2009 	Only For One Day	Very isolated - long walk to train station. Taxi/rickshaws tell youthey know where it is but don't. filthy street even by Delhi’sstandards. Grim breakfast. Redeeming feature - flashy showers - ifthey worked properly!	
Nov 24 2009 	Surprisingly good hotel.	We did not know what to expect, since we never been to India. For us India was at first a bit of a &quot;culture shock, there is still a lot of poverty, and the traffic? OMG.But that's a first impression.To be honest the area didn't look all that appealing at first.But the hotel is surprisingly nice.The rooms are pretty big and clean and better then a lot of hotels we've been to in European countries.The staff was always helpful, and the owner let us use the computer as much as we needed.When we had a question there was always a staff member to help us.Called taxi's for us and told us what the price would be...helpfull.And they gave us good recommendations what to see and where to go.India and the streets of Delhi are a long way from what we are used to in the Netherlands, the subway at rush hour? ehm ..an experience.But I must say when we came back in the evening to our hotel, it was a nice feeling.And the breakfast was simple but good.We made a trip that many take, Delhi-Jaipur-Agra(...Taj Mahal)-Orchha-Varanasi and from then on into Nepal to end the trip (3 weeks) in Katmandu, Nepal.We took buses, trains,taxi's, tuk tuks, riskha's....and elephants.In all those cities we've had hotels, but I must say this one was one of the nicest ones.We've been to European hotels with 3 or 4 stars, but this hotel was just as good.I can recommend it fully.	
Nov 24 2009 	“Racial Discrimination”	They like only white europeans and can discriminate you beouse of your low potential to pay for tours, your cloor they can trouble you be being bad to you and will give you a very bad room like dungeon	
Nov 23 2009 	Great service and after care	The staff here are fantastic. Always polite and very quick to respond to all your needs. What was particularly great was that after we had checked out they kept our bags for us whilst we went sight seeing and gave us a room after to freshen up before our over night train journey to Jaiselmer. Then two weeks later on our return we arrived in Delhi around midday but our flight wasn't till 1am. They kindly kept our bags for us whilst we did a last bit of sight seeing and they also gave us a room to shower and freshen up before our flight home. The rooms were very clean and tidy, basic but comfortable. The after check out care was fantastic, they really went the extra mile.	
Nov 17 2009 	Excellent value for the money	Grand Park Inn is certainly one of the best hotels I have stayed at in India. The rooms are simple but large and clean. The room service and hotel staff are very friendly and helpful. The area is centrally located, busy at daytime but very quite during the nights. I have tried other hotels in Delhi but keep returning to Grand Park Inn.	
Nov 15 2009 	basic rooms with great service!!	What this hotel lacks in luxury features it sure makes up for in friendly and helpful staff.This is a very basic but very clean Hotel with some of the friendliest staff members I have ever met during my years of travels! No request was too big and everything we asked for got promt attention! They have a small room for breakfast and it turned out that the mornign get together there was quite entertaining as we met fellow travellers from all over the world.It is located in the outskirts of the Karol Bargh market close to Metro and shopping. We asked the staff for pointer to a few restaurants and ended up having some of the best Indian food we had on the trip. Dinner for two for $ 6 !!! left out of the hotel then first right and a few blocks down the street you will find Santos. It felt safe at all times to walk around the neighborhood.They arranged pick up as well as transportation back to the airport for a very resonable price as well as a driver for one day worth of sight seeing. (even though the driver wanted to take us shopping a few times but a firm no got us back on track... I guess the drivers still get a comission for bringing in tourists to the bazaars..)I exchanged money here as well and got a better rate than at the exchange office in the airport.We asked for a nearby internet cafe... the owner let us use his computer for our needs!All in all a basic but good place to stay!	
Nov 14 2009 	Great little safe haven	I stay here one two occasions, once at the a start of the holiday and once at the end. One both occasions the rooms where immaculate. The food was good. The service while not warm is very efficient and trust worthy - no pressure to book tours etc. And they reliably booked taxi's for us to go to the train station and the airport.The location was initially daunting- but after afew days in India I realised this was the norm - the Karol Bagh area is actually quite good, not touristy so you don't get too much bother.	
Nov 10 2009 	O.K for price. Good resturant nearby.	This hotel is okay. The area is fine, not the best, but safe to walk around. Lots of markets and shops to go to. There is the most awesome resturant as you follow the hotels directions to the nearby resturants. (Ask at the desk where there are resturants. Generally it is turn left out of the hotel to the end of the road, take a right and walk straight down that road.) Its on the right hand side and is called Sandoz. It was a receommendation to us and we are so glad we went. Get the malai kofta (only nice one I actually found during my stay in India) and dal makhini. We didn't get chicken as its always a bit risky in unknown resturnats in India, but my partner ended up wishing he had got the butter chicken as the food was superb!There were ants in the room, but they stayed to thier section far away from the bed. They had obviously made a route across the room that they followed each night. They weren't too much of a bother and were the really tiny ones. Only thing I would say is seal all bags. I came out of the shower to find they had all disappeared and were in my handbag after a sweet wrapper. I didn't like the fact they were there too much as not too keen on insects myself, but like I said. They generally weren't a problem (aside from me leaving sweet wrappers in thier path.)Room is spacious, as is the bed and bathroom. Good, powerful shower with plenty of hot water. It was clean and I was overal impressed with it for the price (£30 for the night with expedia.) Breakfast is included and is fine. I asked simply for toast and they made me 3 pieces of toast, an omelette and a bannana. I think they give you that whether or not you want it! The breakfast room is small and has one long table for all guests to sit. It is a bit like a hostel in that sense, but it's not too bad really.I'm not sure if I would recommend or not to my own friends. Backpackers or travellers will find it luxury. Those used to hotels, might not find it the best. I usually stay in hotels and thought it was okay, but the location is a little difficult to walk around. Very busy traffic down the roads (as with all india) which if it's your first time can be a little scary to walk around. All in all. It is okay. Didn't try the room service menu (don't think they have a resturant) but the prices were good, the sevice charge cheap as chips (in fact cheaper) and there was quite a large variety of food on offer.It is okay for just a night. I probably wouldn't stay more than 2.	
Nov 8 2009 	Will Not come Again	The hotel did not pick us up from the airport. The rooms were very basicand at cheaper price we stayed in better rooms in Karol Bagh as wechecked out after one day. Not a good choice.	
Nov 7 2009 	Great place to stay in the madness of Delhi Staff were so helpful!	My friend and I stayed here for 3 nights. Staff were extremely helpful and looked out for us as we were unprepared for the craziness of the city of Delhi. They were flexible with dates also as we went to stay in Agra for one night during our scheduled stay and came back. Staff could not have been more helpful or friendly, the location was quite central, food was great, and they provided us with assistance with taxis, prices of taxis etc. and surrounding places to eat. The rooms were spotless, the beds were very comfortable and we had no complaints whatsoever. By the end of our trip to Delhi we felt that it was a safe place to stay and a refuge away from madness on the streets!! I would highly recommend it.	
Nov 5 2009 	Good place to crash between airport and station with helpful staff	We needed to crash for one night between a late flight and an early train. We needed somewhere cheap, basic with a good airport pickup all of which were satisfied.The airport pickup was ahead of schedule and polite. It cost 650Rs for 4 people which seemed to be about the going rate.The room was basic, but had free bottled water clean sheets, towels and bathroom.The staff were very friendly and helpful even when we had to wake them up at 4.30am to check out! Staff provided a late night Thali for us which was very tasty.Could not comment on location or other hotel amenities.	
Nov 2 2009 	Shows Ageing	Air condition was not working, doors make sound while closing, salt stains in bathroom wall, life seems old too, and surrounding area is bad, economy hotel. Good for few hours stay at cheap price.	
Nov 2 2009 	Comfortable reasonably central hotel with great staff.	5 nights in Delhi as a single girl in town can be an exhausting business! You need somewhere where you can excape the dust, dirt and noise and with feeling terrible with the flu and no way of changing the flight home, this was a cosy enough place to hole up with some lemsip! The staff really looked after me well. The only improvement I'd suggest is a more western menu for room service and a no smoking policy in the hotel! The hot water was not reliable but was there 70% of the time. Air conditioning likewise! Staff could not be more helpful.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great place to start your trip	The hotel was very clean, hotel staff pleasant and helpfull and the travel desk within the hotel is great! Location is OK, although not many rickshaw drivers knew it, fortunately the business card of the hotel had a route description. Room is not that cosy but very clean and therefore a great place to start our trip!	
Oct 29 2009 	Undoubtedly the nicest hotel staff I've ever met!'	On the strength of what I had read in TripAdvisor about inexpensive places to stay in Delhi, I decided on Hotel Grand Park Inn. I traveled to Delhi on my own to attend a wedding in another part of the city altogether. Not to worry--not only was Vikash, the driver from the hotel, there to meet me at the airport, but the hotel's owner, Mr. Madan Pai, arranged for Vikash to drive me to and from the wedding parties...and also to take me to interesting sites around Delhi on the days when I had no activities planned. I cannot over-exaggerate the kindness and attentiveness of the staff--nor the helpfulness of Mr. Madan Pai. When my plans changed--I was invited by the bride's family to stay with them the last part of my visit--Mr. Pai did not charge me for the remaining two nights for which I had booked--and then presented me with a gift upon my departure. I can honestly say that I felt very sad to be leaving this hotel and its staff....now THAT'S a first!! I am a very frequent international and domestic traveler, and I have never felt such a friendly atmosphere within a hotel. In addition? Nor have i ever felt compelled to write a review for TripAdvisor! It was Mr. Madan Pai who suggested that Vikash take me to 'AKSHARDAM'--the most enormous temple/compound one can imagine--containing a lotus garden, a main temple containing over 20,000 statues and a 108' long/10' high elephant plinth. it was only finished fairly recently---and it is absolutely mind-boggling to imagine how this incredible place could have been built in only five years--many visitors have never even HEARD of it- DON'T MISS IT!!	
Oct 29 2009 	Bad Location	Situated in a busy road, Honking – ponking will not make you sleep.	
Oct 29 2009 	Very attentive and respectful staff to female travellers	My daughter and i stayed at the hotel Grand Park Inn during our stay in Delhi. We found the hotel staff and management to be exptremely courteous and helpful. Although the hotel is not located exactly in the centre of Delhi, it's only a short trip away by autorickshaw or taxi, and a welcome relief after being in Central Delhi. The street itself is not great, as it is in the centre of the &quot;automotive&quot; trade, but the management, Mr Madan Pai and his staff have many suggestions and travel services...We found the pick up from the airport and train station very reliable and safe.The rooms were more than adequate, with clean bathrooms, air conditioning that works clean and the food and room service were prompt and delicious. The only thing to mention is that the pillows were really hard and uncomfortable...We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to Delhi and wanting a safe and friendly place to stay.	
Oct 17 2009 	A Safe Haven in the Midst of Motorcyle Mayhem	Arriving at the Hotel Grand Park Inn I was warmly greeted by the staff and graciously assisted to my room on the 3rd floor, thankfully way above the hustle and bustle of the street below. This was very comforting as getting there was a crazy ride... Diwali was only days away so the traffic was more frenetic then usual. In addition to this the taxi driver had difficulty finding it (I recommend printing out a map to assist your driver). I took a Police Registered taxi from the International airport and it only cost 250 IND rupees... a real bagain!The hotel is surrounded by auto shops primarily for motorcyles. It is a real treat to see how the locals 'pimped out' their bikes and hatchbacks ;) Day and night there are men everywhere however I was never harassed or felt unsafe.The metro is not that far away however getting across the busy road to access it is a real adrenaline rush... not for the faint hearted! Also in close proximity is the Karol Barg markets. Here you can get some excellent bargains... local and international products of all kinds. You can hire a driver through the hotel for 850 IND rupees for up to 8 hours, giving you time and security to access the many wonderful sights of Old and New Delhi (negotiate where you want to go with the assisitance of the hotel staff before departing as not all drivers are fluent in English).My room had a fan and air conditioner so the heat didn't bother me. There was also plenty of hot water 24 hours a day... yippee! The food for dinner was delicious. Breakfast was simple however tasty.The staff (managed by the charismatic Madan) were very friendly and always asked that I was happy.Overall I had a very positive experience and never felt unsafe as a female solo traveller :)	
Oct 6 2009 	Very clean hotel with helpfull staff	We have started and ended our India trip in this hotel. In total we spent 3 nights there and we can only recommend the place. Rooms (we had booked standard room) are very clean, comfortable and with reazonable size. Staff is very helpfull. The manager makes everything possible to satisfy his guests. Pick up &amp; drop off service from/to the airport is also reliable. We have also booked a taxi driver for a day through the hotel. Make sure that you preset your route with him before setting off. Otherwise you will be brought to several markets. After we complained about it, the manager made sure we get a different driver for the next day and we had no more problems. For our next stay in New Delhi we will definetely stay there again.	
Sep 30 2009 	A gem of a hotel	During my recent stay @ Grand Park Hotel Inn I was more than impressed with the high level of service experienced.Nothing appeared to be too much trouble and all requests were carried out efficiently and most importantly with a smile.The rooms were very comfortable clean spacious and well appointed. The location was perfect with easy access to markets bazaars and sightseeing areas.Transport was pre-arranged with the hotel.The driver was always punctual courteous and very patient! His driving skills were exceptional along with his intimate knowledge of the city. I would have no hesitation in recommending anyone who wants to experience the real Delhi its wonderful people and high level of friendly service to stay in this gem of a hotel	
Sep 29 2009 	I'd definitely book this hotel if you're on a budget and are looking for a good base to explore Delhi.	The facilities are great as it is very near to Karol Bagh market and an auto rickshaw ride away from Connought place. The hotel located in the heart of city near biggest main shopping centre. Comfortable, well-equipped big and clean rooms. The staff are great and very efficient both in the hotel and restaurant. Perfect and helpful hotel employees and services.	
Sep 24 2009 	Friendly management - good service - convenient location	We only booked a day before we arrived and it appeared that the booking from the Hotels.com website had not reached the hotel. However they were more than accommodating - we got a better room than we'd booked and were impressed by the cleanliness.Breakfast is basic but enought to set you up for the day.Location is convenient for the metro station, auto rickshaws and buses to travle round Delhi. The owner/manager (?) Madan was so welcoming, full of restaurant recommendations (good ones), helpful hints and couldn't do enough to help us.Would recommend the Grand Park Inn to anyone wanting to stay somewhere that's not a global chain, has some Indian characteristics and wants good friendly service.	
Sep 18 2009 	Affordabe and Pin Neat	I have stayed at the Grand Park Inn for the past 5 years and have been impressed by the clean and neat and comfortable rooms as well as the efficient staff and the GM , Mr Madan Pai who has his finger on the pulse.I can recommend this Hotel to international tourists without hesitation.Well done and keep it up!	
Sep 17 2009 	Nice Hotel	Neat and Clean hotel. Worth for the price. I recommend this hotel. The lunch and the complementary break fast were very tasty. It had most of the things that you look in a hotel.	
Sep 15 2009 	the best place to stay good value for money excellent service.	i had stayed in many hotels in delhi, but grand park, is extremely nice and comfortable hotel, staff is great very freindly abd specially owners are there themselves to check all our requirements, very clean place to live in ....harry	
Sep 7 2009 	Have a Safe Conscience!	My friend and I read great reviews of Grand Park, so we decided to call a couple days ahead to reserve a room and rate. It turns out the quoted rate by phone was less than any online offers, and when we arrived after a convenient airport pickup for a reasonable price, we were given a large corner room with more bed-room than we could have needed. The mattresses were high quality, and the room was nicely modeled. The bathroom had a separate shower (a rarity in Indian hotels), and included extra amenities such as soap, shampoo, and shaving kits.By far the best part of our stay was the staff. The owner/manager helped us with everything, from arranging a low-priced visit to Agra, food purchases (the hotel provided food is only adequate) and restaurant recommendations (Sandoz, nearby, is to die for), and even beer runs. The staff was overly helpful at times, but that's difficult to complain about. The location was great to reach some of the best parts of Delhi and New Delhi, and the night market nearby was nice. The hotel was easy to find, as well, because of its proximity to the gigantic Hanuman (monkey god) statue down the road. The most important part of my stay, besides the quality of the hotel and staff, was that I never felt like anyone was taking advantage of us. The value was good, and as much as was provided, nothing extra was asked. I will definitely return on my next stay in Delhi.	
Aug 30 2009 	very good hotel	staff friendly, near city center. breakfast ok, good value for money.	
Aug 29 2009 	A wondrfull and stresfree time.	We stayed at the Grand Park Inn for the first time last year and we could not fault it, so when we went to Delhi again this year, we had no hesitation as to witch hotel to ring. Nothing is to much trouble fo the staff or managment. We left the organising of the sightseeing and shopping trips to the managment, and we wernt disapointed. The staff are all excelent ,they were the same boys as last year and they all rememberd us. The servis and clenliness is second to none, and the organisation was excelent. Although the hotel is only part of any holiday, with the Grand Park Inn, the hotel is one part of the holiday we know we dont have to worry about. We intend going to Delhi again next year, and because of the way we are treated by everyone concerned, we will be staying at the Grand Park Inn yet again.	
Aug 16 2009 	Excellent Service	Excellent hotel service. Staff was very accommodating and very helpful. Safe for American travelers!	
Aug 4 2009 	Good experience	It was average hotel but I am still satisfied with my stay. The only thing I did not like much was its location which is a very busy and congested lane.	
Jul 28 2009 	Decent enough place not in the nicest street.	This was between Average and Very Good (so really just Good).Price was fair for what we got, ac was not good though noisy and ineffective.Hotel organised a taxi for us for the day (recommended) however we got annoyed when he kept bringing us to places (shops) where he'd get commission if we bought something.Would recommend if you can't find anywhere else that you'd be sure about, but there must be better places in Delhi.Expect a few short power cuts (until they boot up their own generator).Food is good.	
Jun 8 2009 	Excellent Value	Excellent customer service. Very clean and centrally located. Complimentary HOT breakfast with choice of continental or Indian menu. Friendly staff. Provision for left baggage for returning guests away on short excursions. Complimentary toiletries. Email response within one day.	
Jun 6 2009 	Bellow average Hotel....	Location is not so good and price is too much. Unnecessary huge rooms but not at all professional behaviour......and staff are terriblly poor knowledged.Stay here, if you do not have a better option.........	
May 30 2009 	Value for money	The room i stayed was clean. The room service was good. The food served was tasting OK. All-in-All value for money.	
May 23 2009 	A modest hotel value for money	Decent Hotel, good for an overnight stay. One could be put off by the location, but the food should compensate for it. The complimentary breakfast is a simple parantha type of thing, but tasty nevertheless. If you are looking for a decent stay without the frills of a good hotel, this is not a bad place at all.	
May 19 2009 	Great value no nonsense rooms	1) Excellent clean rooms2) Good Food3) Value for moneyDownside1) No internetIf you want a decent room to crash out in the night, go for itCheap.	
May 4 2009 	Service Excellence beyond par ;-)	Having stayed at Grand park inn on 2 prev trips and experienced for myself the service excellence and clean comfortable rooms, i booked my parents on their India holiday with Mr Madan Pai, who efficiently also arrnaged their entire tour for them. But what prompts me to write this, is this: During their last few days in India, it was God's grace that my parents were staying at the Grand Park Inn, as my mother,an asmathic, fell critically ill. Mr Pai immediately took matters into his hands personally, ensuring my mother was hospitalised, that my father ate, he even topped up my fathers mobile phone with airtime from his personal funds, and gave my father over a hundred rupees in small notes so that he could travel by auto to and from the hosital. He ensured that at all times one of the 'room boys' remained with my father, who was emotionaly a mess with my mother's illness. Then, when my mother's condition worsened, he personally contacted us in South Africa and informed my husband of the situation. When we arrived in India, my mother was critical,in ICU and was transfered to another hospital in Vasanth Kunj, which in Delhi's traffic was 45min away from the hotel. Mr Madan provided us with a car and driver, at his cost for 8 days; further, when i had to remain in india with my parents after my husband returned home, Mr Madan saw to my and my fathers every comfort, ensured we ate on time, and then also topped my mobile's airtime to the tune of Rs400, and refused to allow me to reimburse him. His constant concern at my mother's condition was touching, and every one of the 'room boys' prayed each day for 'aunty's' recovery. With God's grace my mother recovered and almost a month later we travellled back home; again transported to the airport free of charge by Mr Pai, who made a personal visit to the hospital to bid my mum goodbye. I cannot express how grateful my family and I are at this man's genorosity. No other hotel, no matter how much fancier, would have given us the same care. Not that the Grand park Inn lacks in comfort: the ample sized rooms, complete cleanliness, friendly and attentive staff will put many of the other more expensive and fancy hotels to shame. This is a true gem of Delhi and to Mr Madan Pai and Team: I salute you! from Prinitha Dowlath and Family, South Africa	
May 2 2009 	Came to India sick...left India well!	We visited India for two weeks and the Grand Park Inn was our base. Mr. Madan Pai and his staff were the ultimate in pleasant but serious service and hospitality. The trips we booked with Mr. Pai were A-1. The neighborhood is colorful but the Inn is clean which was what we were looking for. We came as strangers; we left as friends. Thank you much for everything, Mr. Pai !	
Apr 29 2009 	great hotel 	Located in Karol Bagh this hotel is not included in the regular guide books.Don't be put off by the location surrounded by motor parts shops as the hotel is well situated for the metro &amp; local market area 5 mins walk away.Rooms (1800 rupees double)are spacious &amp; immaculate and all staff smiley &amp; helful.Mr Pai,the extremely pleasant &amp; efficent manager,can organise trips to wherever you want and current min price of car &amp; driver is 2500 rupees per day (same as govt.tourist info office).We took a trip to Shekawatti to see the havelis which was well off the beaten track &amp; driver found everything we asked to see.Don't miss this if you have a few days available..it's stunning.	
Apr 8 2009 	simple economy service	stayed there for 3 nights with 2 female members of my family. This is an economy hotel we paid 2200 rp per night for a triple room. The location of the hotel was not ideal for lone female travellers - the area is made up of car repair companies - therefore, there are very few females to be seen within the area. The area is very noisy... The hotel manager was grumpy the first few days but cheered up on the third day. A few recommendations for the rooms; tea/coffee making facilities; a spy hole on the doors; there is no iron available in the hotel. We booked a car/guide via the hotel - the driver insisted on taking us to specific shops on route - i'm sure he was on commission as these shops were definately in the business of ripping off tourists. He even insisted on taking us to a restaurant despite our repeated requests to go to another restaurant. The location is ok if on a shopping trip to karol bagh. The hotel restaurant was more like a small dining room - not comfortable especially during busy periods. Breakfast selection was limited.	
Feb 22 2009 	Excellent location decent rooms great price	We were very happy with our stay here. The rooms and bathrooms were immaculate and spacious, with polished marble tile floors and sufficiently comfortable beds -- everything seemed near brand new. The staff was helpful and knowlegable. Breakfast was served in a conference room where we met fellow travelers - local business travelers and others from abroad. Grand Park Inn was an excellent value.The location in Karol Bagh was great. The hotel was on a small busy Delhi street; a cow was parked nearby one of the days we were there. We were walking distance from the Delhi metro, which, if it takes you where you need to go, seemed to be the best way to get around Delhi -- it's a new system with trains that come every 3 minutes or so, although it does get PACKED during rush hour. It still beats sitting in dusty Delhi traffic. We were able to explore all over Delhi from our base in Karol Bagh. We did, however, have to cross over a very busy intersection near the Hanuman temple to get to the metro station, so some might prefer a short rickshaw ride.	
Jan 14 2009 	Excellent	hotel grand park inn Delhi india.We had booked this hotel initialy to start our tour in india but it happened so that arrangement was cancelled and all due to terrorism that happened in that time in mumabi our flight was cancelled,and when contacted the management they were so considerate and without any fuss it was dealth with sympathy and we eventualy stayed their upon return leg of the tour ,I found the hotel manager Mr Madan Pai a true gentleman who greeted us with utmost courtsey and welcomed us with warm heart that impressed us greatly ,service and accomodation was excellent a true peaceful experience throuhjout the stay will recommend highly to all visiting delhi a clean hotel with reasonable charges and above all no value can be put on the hospitality and service a truely honourable management and creditworthy staff definetley 5 star in my opinion.Will visit and stay always at GRANDPARK INN HOTEL.	
Dec 17 2008 	Object lesson in customer care	I cannot speak too highly of the manager and staff at the Grand Park Inn, who were unfailingly polite, helpful and friendly. I must single out the manager, Madan Pai, who put together a 2 week tour of Rajasthan, Agra and Varanasi for us, gently adjusting our planned route and expectations. The driver, Malkit Singh, was also very attentive to our needs and safety, and was always there on time to pick us up at the airport (we used the hotel on 3 separate occasions). However, most of all, I would praise them for the way they looked after us, especially my partner, in the wake of the heart attack I suffered one night, ensuring that everything was comfortable for her at the hotel and providing personal accompaniment on her visits to the hospital with no charge. Similarly, the necessary travel rearrangements after this were made gratis, and with great concern for my health.The hotel is quiet, though situated in a non-tourist market area, and provides good food at very reasonable prices in the spotless rooms. The staff will cater for your every whim. This is not a modern, soulless hotel but has a quaint charm.	
Aug 15 2008 	Loved the Hotel 	After an extremely long search of trying to find a reasonable place for a reasonable price to stay, we luckily found this very nice hotel in new delhi!The hotel was spotless &amp; the room very pretty luxurious for Delhi standards, specially for this price range!The location was pretty good, close to &quot;city centre&quot; - Connaught Place, although you will need to cross some dangerous roads to get to the metro...but that was all part of the fun of dodging traffic in India! &amp; being seen as &quot;alien&quot; taking the metro funny ;0)The manager was extremely helpfiul &amp; I recommend to use him to get a travel package set-up to see the golden triangle &amp; other locations, this will save you looking for hotels in other parts which was also extremely difficult, but Mister Pai, the manager arranged good hotels in other cities like Agra, Jaipur etc. The breakfast area is a little small &amp; the food is so so, however the good part is that you meet other travelers in the same room and share experiences, which is very nice as well.So Generally speaking, this hotel is an excellent value for money for your stay and Delhi &amp; comfortably.If you decide to take the travel package, I recommend you to ask for a driver called &quot;Rajan&quot; , we enjoyed the travel with him, he was a great guide &amp; fantastic company during the whole trip and an extremely funny guy, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!	
Aug 11 2008 	Very nice place	I spent three weeks in the Grand Park Inn because I was in Delhi for business and had made some bad experiences in other places.The first night I had to spent in the annexed lower-priced hotel next door - this did not make me very happy, but then the next day I could change and I liked it.As I stayed there for an unusually long period I need to say that I enjoyed it!The room was very big, the TV worked well, the fridge even had a generator (which continued working during elecricity blackouts), the hotel staff was friendly (all young males), but sometimes struggled with their English. The Hotel Manager was also friendly. He and the other guys always helped me when I was looking for something or trying to figure out a &quot;realistic&quot; taxi price for a certain route.The breakfast, which was included, was basic, but okay, but was served to my room (there is a sort of dinner room in the other hotel, which was not very cozy). The room was cleaned on a daily basis and the towels (2-3) were always fresh. The bathroom - usually a nasty place in lower-priced hotels - was surprisingly clean. I had a room next to the street, which was quite busy, but in Delhi you always have the noise problem.The area is certainly not a posh touristic neighbourhood, but across the street there was a convenient supermarket and also about hundred meters away a liquor store to buy beer or wine. The metro was a 5-8 minute walk away - quite convenient.In general, I had a good time at the Grand Park Inn and would definitely recommend it to people who want a nice and clean hotel for a quite fair price (compared to others) with a good public transportation close by.	
Jul 23 2008 	Great Rooms Bad breakfast	This was our first hotel in Delhi, and we found everything apart from the breakfast and location to be very good. The location is fairly near to a metro however crossing the busy roads is required, which for some, may be a little tricky outside of the toursity areas where its a free for all, It's also in a fairly chaotic area, you will get to see a more real delhi than connaught place though. The breakfast was abysmal, Very little choice and what there was was not good at all, The foil wrapped toast mentioned before....not good. On to the good, The rooms were very spacious, we only had a standard and felt it was far more than most hotels gave us, the staff were very friendly and helpful, we got a car organised free to take us from the airport on arrival and to the station on departing free of charge, and they gave us good directions without pushing us to certain places. So all in all a good stay Between a 3 and a 4 definetely.	
May 3 2008	An oasis of calm in frantic city!	Stayed at the Hotel Grand Park Inn in January this year. The staff and the owner/manager were lovely - especially the manager who allowed us to use his computer for free to do an on-line check in at the airport! He arranged for us to be taken to restaurants and collected later but did not charge - we just tipped the driver.The rooms were very clean, breakfast adequate although the toast comes already buttered and wrapped in foil which makes it extremely soggy!! I requested mine to be left unwrapped which was much better.The Hotel is in a strange part of Delhi - lots of motor shops, motor bikes etc (not forgetting our omnipresent bovine friends!).Tuk tuks into the centre of Delhi or to the extremely spotlessly clean metro were inexpensive. The markets are wonderful, people very kind and friendly everywhere it seemed and at no time did we feel threatened when in Delhi.Once you get over the initial culture shock, India is a lovely place to visit and this hotel is great as an escape from the frantic hussle and bussle of the city - extremely cheap too - £125:00 for four nights B&amp;B for two of us including transport to the airport about 50minutes drive away!	
Mar 28 2008 	Our stay was peaceful and pleasing!	While searching a decent clean hotel to stay during our Delhi-Agra trip, I really did not know that, I have to spend lot of time in the web to find one for our budget. We wanted a very clean and decent hotel. After a lot of review study from different websites, finally me and my wife decided to call up Hotel, Grand Park Inn.Got really good response for our call.Till the moment we stepped into the allotted room, we were kind of tensed about not getting our expectations met. Our main concern was the cleanliness of the bathroom.We were glad to see the clean bathroom.Food was good.Felt homely, calm and safe.Room interiors were above average.We did not have any major problem other than little bit of noisy A/C and had to call up reception every time we wanted hot water except morning hours. Management need to train the staff on communication skills.	
Feb 22 2008 	great place to stay	The Grand Park Inn is a good clean hotel with great staff you can ask the manager to arrange a tour for you he does this with clean comfortable hotels with your own driver at a very reasonable price The hotel is quite near the centre of Delhi in a safe area you can ask the hotel to arrange a pick up and drop off for you at the airport The hotel is very good value for money I can recommend this hotel	
Feb 20 2008 	good idea	It was almost impossible to choose a reasonable place to stay in Delhi. Reading reviews left no hope. But this hotel was quite good after all.location - not far from CPmanager - competent (very unusual)rooms - quite big, newly renovated and literally spotless - highest mark for cleanliness!breakfast area - too small, people have to waitbreakfast - rather poorroom service - quite good ( if you close your eyes on a bit of cheating)Generally - practically best solution in that price range	
Jan 26 2008	no good	we stayed 3 nights, but our experience was terrible. A lot of noise and the staff sometimes was insistent. the sheets weren't clean.	
Jan 21 2008 	Not a Great Experience	I honestly view myself as a low-maintenance visitor, and I'm amenable to most circumstances. The Grand Park Inn is a very reasonably priced hotel in Delhi, and generally clean with good morning breakfast. But its location - Karol Bagh (the auto/motorcycle district on Delhi) is a less-than-nice location, despite its proximity to the subway. And the management is awful. My key complaints: (a) no driver from the airport although scheduled (plane was 1/2 hour delayed so driver left); (b) after day 2 (of 3), they move me to a sister hotel despite my request to stay; (c) they give me a room in the new hotel that has no out-facing window and is immediately adjacent to the kitchen, which is active and *really* loud for all hours except 2-6 am (so those are the hours I slept); and (d) they tell me in the morning I don't have a complementary breakfast (although I did at the first place), requiring me to speak to the manager who has me get the phone number for the manager at the other hotel (he actualy told me to go over there to talk to the manager at the other hotel rather than worry about it himself). There's more. And all this might seem a bit petty, but the frequent level of dishonest and disrespectful treatment really added up. I was very unhappy with the ongoing lies from the management. Overall, I'd rather have paid more for better treatment elsewhere.	
Jan 10 2008 	Pluses and negatives	The room rate is cheap by Delhi standards, and the hotel is clean. Hot water can be problematic. On our first night, we were shifted to a nearby hotel (Blue Bell) because the Grand Park Inn was full. The elevator at the Blue Bell got stuck between two floors after a power outage, and we were in there for 15 mins with lots of people shouting outside and making my mother quite nervous. If you get shifted to other hotels, please do not use the elevators for your safety.The area around the Grand Park Inn is not good. We got conned by a nearby optician store (Punjab Opticians) that the Grand Park Inn owner (Mr. Madan Pai) recommended, and the whole area seems unsafe for women at night for sure. A taxi driver nearby also tried to con us. Someone later told us that this area is shady.I also recommend NOT purchasing the tour to Agra and Haridwar that Mr. Pai offers. Besides the high price in comparison to hiring private taxis, our driver (arranged for us by Mr. Pai) forcibly took us to a restaurant called the Maharajah Palace where he gets commission and other perks. We told him not to take us there on the way back from Agra, but he still went there and drove on the wrong side of the road in order to get there (other motorists were all staring at us incredulously, which rarely happens in India where the driving is crazy as it is)! Food at the Maharajah palace costs five times what is typical in Delhi. The driver also took us to a place called Little Taj in Agra which is entirely useless so that he could get a commission on our purchases. On top of all this, the driver asked us if we wanted to hire a pandit (priest) from him for our trip to Haridwar on the next day!!! The guide at the Taj who was also arranged by Mr. Pai kept pressuring us to have a professional take our photos.Also, on the following day's tour to Haridwar that we purchased from Mr. Pai, if you can not tolerate cold, do not stay at the Khanna Palace (also owned by Mr. Pai). They have nonexistent or terrible heating and do not provide a personal room heater if needed. We ordered an extra bedsheet, and got a wet one.Overall, the cleanliness and the relatively low cost of the hotel is a plus that is negated by all the negatives I listed above.	
Dec 31 2007 	Clean and comfortable	We were very impressed with our room at Hotel Grand Park Inn and especially the fact that the bathroom had a bath!There wasn't much hot water and you had to call the reception to turn the hot water on and that took 10 mins to heat up. But that was fine and we got used to that.The food was good and the service also.	
Nov 19 2007 	Great stay in Grand Park Inn	We just returned from our first trip as a family (parents, 3 boys) to India. It is not easy or cheap to book a two rooms in at least reliable hotels. To book the hotels, I relied heavily on the reviews of other travellers and found them all very helpful. The Grand Park Inn was our in our first destination New Delhi and also our fourth stop, en route to Kolkata. It was a very pleasant and reliable experience. The hotel is really central located (just go out and take a taxi, it only takes you about 10 minutes to Connaught Place). What Iliked most is that you actually feel you are in India when you walk outside, the atmosphere is still a bit laid back with even the occassional cow walking by. It is central to most markets and there are very nice and clean restaurants nearby. The rooms were sparkling clean and service is immaculate, including some personal tourplanning. We will definitely stay there again.	
Oct 27 2007 	We had a great Stay!	We had a great stay in this hotel. Find the room and hotels is nicely maintained. Rooms are clean, service are excellent! Almost wasn't sure if the previous visitor was staying in the same hotel.For 25USD a night, we had a suite with 3 beds. I guess is designed for a family? Room is large &amp; clean, and the bathroom is clean and with good hot water supply. Sounds insulations can improve a bit as we can hear dogs barking throughout the night, though that didn't really bother us.Manager was very helpful in advising us on where to go to find food, internet, and organise day tour for us to go to Agra or transport to airport. Overall find the staff very friendly and helpful. Though the reception desk tends to over rely on their boss, sometimes we find that every question goes back to this big boss who is very helpful! Hence, only problem is if the big man isn't there sometimes or is busy, you cannot get your answer quickly.I agree the stuff can appear pushy for tips. We had 3 porters 'helping ' us with our two hand carry luggages! Though we did tip a bit (not every time), we find the staff deserves them as they really go out of their way to help us. For example, they went outside to look for beer for us after 10pm, because the kitchen was closed already, when we ordered room service! We also tried their bargain tasty dinner there and is great indeed!Overall, we find this hotel at a great location (5-10mins walk from metro station, 2 stops from Connaught Place), and great value (as long as you don't expect 5 stars hotels for less than 25USD a night!) and good service. We will definitely go back again if we do visit Delhi again, just hope they will maintain their high standard, as this looks like a pretty new hotel to me, and I am hoping that's not the reason why they are so good now!	
Jun 5 2009 	Hotel ist nur etwas für Packpacker oder Hartgesottene		
May 22 2008	Lo de Grand le pega mejor por el excelente servicio que por el tamaño.		
	Ok hotel - depending on the price you get.	We were originally set to stay at the Hotel Ananda. Apparently the management staff from the Ananda has moved to Grand Peepal and when I emailed to confirm our reservations they said they would switch us to the Grand Peepal for the same price, 1800 Rps/night for a deluxe room. We had complimentary airport pickup - the driver was there on time and very pleasant. This was helpful having just arrived in India. The rooms here were decent - ok size and generally clean. The bathrooms were a typical wet bath style. Our drains didn't work properly and so our bathroom was covered in a half inch of water everytime we showered. The water pressure was also poor, but the water was warm. The toilets did not seem to accept toilet paper very well. The rooftop restaurant had good food and we had breakfast included in our room price. The location of the hotel is very good for browsing the Karol Bagh markets and is also close to the Metro for getting to other parts of New Delhi.Our first day the management offered to take us to get a free map - this included a hard sell on a car and sightseeing for the day. We ended up going at what we are sure now was a very inflated price. I would suggest just getting a taxi on your own. Overall this was an ok hotel, but if you look at the website it shows the tariff as 4000 - 5000 Rps per night. This hotel is certainly not worth that kind of money by any stretch of the imagination.	
	Not Recommended	We were originally booked to stay in the Ananda Hotel and were then moved to this more expensive hotel as apparently the Ananda was full - despite our reservation. The lobby of the Grand Peepal is a bit drab and depressing and the rooftop restaurant didn't really appear to be a going concern whilst we were staying there. The room was ok, although we stayed for 3 nights and it was not serviced once. The main problem with this hotel was the service. The only time anyone at the hotel displayed any interest in us was when we were ushered into a travel agency and given a hard sell about a driver for 10 days around Rajasthan. After we declined this offer we were pretty much ignored for the rest of the time. We were given no information about local services, such as the metro (the easiest way to get into central Dehli) or restaurants etc.We were asked to provide feedback when we checked out and I said that a little more information about the local area would have been helpful. The man at reception then took my feedback, read it and then started to argue with me about my feedback, that I was wrong to write that, that I should have asked more questions... which I found unprofessional.Also when we were leaving we booked an (overpriced) taxi to the train station through the front desk. The taxi never showed up. I kept asking the reception staff about the taxi and they kept fobbing me off, but not actually doing anything about it. Eventually I just flagged one down from the street because we were about to miss our train and they tried to tell me that i couldn't take that taxi as I had booked one from them. Naturally I ignored them. Do yourself a favour and stay somewhere else.	
Feb 16 2009 	I was not impressed	I wouldn't stay here again. We booked in for 3 nights but started searching for a new hotel after the first day. The rooms we stayed in were ok and the bedding clean enough but there was this overwhelming bad smell that I could not take.The general staff (waiters etc) were very nice but the people at reception could take a lesson or two in etiquette. The food I ordered was really good too.They refused to give us a receipt as proof of payment unless we paid them an extra 1000 rupees! The man and woman at the desk started got into a fierce argument about something and didnt care that there were guests in their presence.	
Nov 29 2008 	bad service hotel	My stay in this hotel is not good because hotel is not clean and bad service . Very dirty smell in the hotel because outside of the hotel is a big dustbin where all the hotel waste integrated but no manage it . Rates of the hotel is very high compare to quality and service.	
Nov 12 2008 	Excellent Stay	This was second stay at Grand Peepal. I visited Delhi in May also and the service was excellent then too. The front desk staff was very attentive to my needs and safety, especially as a single woman traveling alone. I found the staff to be courteous and helpful. The Hotel is in a very convenient location near a great market. It’s just off the main street so it is quite. The rooms are clean and the air condition worked well. The bathrooms are modern and clean. The refrigerator in the room was a pleasant convenience to have food and water in my room. The roof top restaurant was very good. WIFI both in my room and in the lobby worked well. For the price this is a great value. Especially for first time visitors to India. I am returning in 2009 and will be staying at Grand Peepal again for a 3rd visit.	
Nov 7 2008 	2nd Name of Home is Grand Peepal	I booked this Hotel Through a Travel Agent (Incredible Heritage Tours) my stay here was for great. the staff was helpfull and the reception always warm welcoming!!!I was here on bussiness but also Travelled abit.I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL TO ALL TRAVELLER AND ALSO THE BUSSINESS PEOPLE.	
Oct 14 2008 	I Do Not Recommend This Hotel At All !	I stayed at this hotel for 32 days and I couldn't stop myself for not posting any review about it cuz I'm pretty sure that most of India tourists search Internet to find a proper hotel before traveling just like me. I hope this info help them.First of all notice that here is not a luxury hotel and those tourists who look for economy hotels may choose this one. this hotel is small but located near a big shopping area so I could buy foods, water, fruits and juices, etc very easily. shops and restaurants were accessible.CHECKING IN:When I arrived I told the lady at reception that I already have booked a room on the phone but she was not aware of it. It was funny that they picked me up at the airport but she didn't know any thing. she called the manager and finally noticed about my reservation which was done a day ago.She requested my passport to write my information in their records. she also asked me to write my address there. I just wrote it and signed it. she was waiting until I write the address completely and after I delivered her notebook and pen, she crossed a line on my address and told me very rudely and impolitely that the address is written in a wrong row. &quot;write it here..&quot; she said.I was shocked about this kind of behaviour with a new traveller who wanna stay there for a couple weeks. (simply she could write the address again in the appropriate row by herself)So I told her that I'm regret and wanna change this hotel right now !!!! please hire a car for me so that I will visit the other hotels and will choose another one. here is not good for me at all. she didn't expect this reaction from me and so she tried to cover her fault. &quot;Sir, we can hire a car for you tomorrow morning, It's night now !&quot; she said respectfully ! I knew that they understood their stupid fault and they wanted to keep me at least for 1 day and charge me for 1 day. but I didn't agree and I told her that I will not pay you and I wanna change my hotel cuz I'm not happy with your behaviour. She talked to the other staff in Indian language for a couple minutes and after that they all tried to keep me there. they called the manager to come and talk to me very friendly so maybe I stay there but I told &quot;no it's not possible. I need to move right now. hire a car please.&quot;In fact I didn't want to move to any other hotel cuz I was not sure about the other hotels and the quality of their services. I just wanted to scare them so that the next time they will understand how to treat with a new traveller. they finally hired a car but begged me ALL not to book any other hotel...Finally I came back to the same hotel and decided to stay there before they cry !Inside the hotel:The worst problem was their Wi-Fi connection cuz It was going down occasionally and this was annoying. It was not reliable at all. for example It was going down at nights up to morning in the next day and I had to call at reception and complain about it every 3-4 days. Although they tried to fix it but the problem was more serious than just restarting the modem and changing some cables! I'm pretty sure that this problem still exists there...My room was very clean and bed was comfortable, bedsheets were also very clean. Foods were good but most of the times they were a bit rare. some kinds of kebabs were always NOT available. dishes were clean but not always. Hot water was always available but I had to call at reception 10 minutes before taking a bath. Air conditioner was not working properly.Room service was not decent and was always with huge delay. some times I had to wait for 2 hours and call them several times to come and clean my room. I'm sure they were trying to ignore me cuz It was free !!!Resturant was not bad but do not try &quot;cheese sandwich&quot; at all! their cheese is not tasty at all !!Refrigerator was working properly. Room was safe. you can be sure that no body will steal your belongings...Staff were very polite and friendly.The hotel was in a busy area but my room was scilent.Checking out:They were just trying to rip me off. for example I didn't have Indian rupees. all I had was Euros and they tried to exchange it with the worst rate !! they wanted to make a huge profit in exchanging euro to INR but I didn't agree with their rate.So they had to exchange it with the real rate at that time. breakfast was free of charge for me but they included all the bills for breakfast in the final receipt and tried to trick me but again I didn't allow them to rip me off! I took all the bills for breakfast OUT and asked them to calculate again !! they wanted to charge me for 1 more day but they couldn't cuz I was smarter than them !They didn't give me a penny discount. for example I owed them 300 rupees which is around USD $7 and I didn't have rupees. but they wanted it and I had to exchange my 500 EUR bill to Indian rupees so that I could pay them 300 rupees and this is very funny when I stayed there for 32 days.I was smarter and didn't allow them to rip me off after all.BUT NEVER TRUST THEM !My overall review:You can find very better hotels with cheaper prices easily in just walking distances around this hotel. so I don't recommend this hotel at all. I also moved from this hotel to a new hotel after 32 days.One important tip:THE PRIMARY PRICES THAT INDIAN HOTELS GIVE YOU ARE ALL NOT REAL !!! ALWAYS TELL THEM THAT THIS IS TOO EXPENSIVE AND WE CAN NOT PAY FOR IT. THEN THEY WILL LOWER THE PRICE TO THE REAL PRICE AND THE REAL PRICE MAY BE HALF OF THE FIRST ONE GIVEN.	
Dec 2 2008 	Hotel correcto		
Nov 22 2009 	Big improvement in this hotel	Was having some trepidation about staying here due to earlier reviews but was pleasantly surprised at what we came across in the hotel. Yes the temporary reception &quot;room&quot; is not ideal but new reception due to be ready by next January. The rooms were excellent, large, clean and well equipped. However we were in rooms which have been upgraded and, as far as we could find out approximately half of the rooms still require upgrading. Restaurant food was fairly good but a fairly limited choice. Bar area was okay but dirty from dust from construction work (probably would be closed by EHS in UK).	
Jun 5 2009 	Nice Location	The only thing good about this hotel is location. It located in Connaught place which is the heart of Delhi. The rooms are very big &amp; spacious but not well maintained. The room service is okay &amp; food definitely not very palatable. Only thing is that you can just walk around &amp; have good joints within 10 min walking distance.	
Jun 3 2009	LOcation was good	Not worth the rent charged; food not very good; rooms look old with stained walls; albeit large; should be maintained properly; may not stay their the next time	
May 9 2009 	Average Stay	Hotel Janpath location is good and close to connaught Place.Service is slow. Front desk response is average	
Apr 20 2009 	Rip off	I know this review is coming late but when I saw the hotel on the dirtiest list of India I had to weigh in. It was the worst rip off of my life. Paid 160 USD for one night at what was supposed to be a 4 star hotel. It was just horrible. Driving up to it I knew something was wrong as it looked like a govt. dept building. Lobby was shabby but proved to be the best thing about it. Lifts, corridors and path to room was filthy and badly lit. Room was horrible. Wouldn't lock properly. Toilet was grimy. Beds were uneven. It was 12 midnight and I couldn't find another hotel. Slept with a chair jammed against the door. Stay away.	
Apr 17 2009	Good Restaurant with live Ghajals program	The hotel is okay but we liked the restaurant more because of its good food and live ghajals program. its good to be there with family and friends and enjoy the party.	
Dec 10 2008 	Hated It	We stayed at Janpath to get our infant son out of the Diwali noise and air pollution.When we arrived the staff were doing their Diwali worship in the lobby and we had to wait over 20 minutes just to check in. Not a single member of the staff volunteered to help us check-in and get us to our room before they were done. We were left hanging around in the lobby (frigid) while the staff sang songs!!The beds were too narrow and uncomfortable, the wooden tiles on the floor were creaky, the AC was turned on full blast turning the room into an ice chest, the food was too full of chillies and not really good anyway, the hotel staff were shouting across the corridor to each other (terrible when the sound echoes.)To top is all, they have the nerve to call the Janpath a 4 star hotel and charge a &quot;luxury&quot; tax.It would be hard to call this hotel a 2 star on all counts.We would not stay here again or recommend it to our friends.	
Dec 3 2008 	Awesome Build	I was sponsored by CNN-IBN(news channel) a trip to Delhi to watch the 1st ODI between India-England in March 2006. Upon reaching Delhi I was transferred to Hotel Janpath for my stay. The hotel was awesome and I have never experienced such incredible service before. Dinner was the best I had over there, and the accomodation was simply satisfactory. It was an old structure but was simply magnifiecient in its serenity and beauty.If you want a mix of the old and the new then this Hotel is a must.	
Nov 11 2008 	loved the way they treat guests	i loved the way of their welcome to the guest......the facilities were good.........there is slight problem of room adjustment but it can't be mind.......overall its a good experience	
Oct 27 2008 	OMG! yikes.	I didn't stay at this hotel. I was strapped for a hotel at the last minute &amp; this hotel was in the CP section of my Lonely Planet guide. The first shock was the location- while its in the CP area, the hotel is located off of Janpath in a dilapidated looking side alley. The building from the outside read &quot;MAJOR DIVE&quot; all over it...dirty and unruly. I took a hotel tour of the rooms which was like going through a depressing mental asylum maze of green walls, semi dark hallways and flourescent lights, where they were on. The rooms I was shown had NO windows and while it seemed like it might be clean, my 200Rs budget hotel at Cozy Hotel in Pahar Ghanj was looking a lot more chic, clean and safe by the minute. The only visual peace I could stammer was the restaurant patio area which was the only place that wasn't as claustrophic and offered a bit brighter of a vibe. This was a HOLE, not a 4-star hotel and definitely NOT worth the price they're asking! There was no way I could stay there &amp; I even considered throwing my LP guide in the toilet. I ended up going back to my Pahar Ghanj budget.	
May 9 2008 	Not worth it!!!	First of all, this hotel's lobby is very cold but I wonder what happens to the A/C when we reach the room. Food is very overpriced at a cup of coffee(if ordered through room service) costs more than Rs.80. Food is good in the Sagar Rathna restaurant which provides South Indian fare but the Gulnar restaurant which provides a variety of cuisines is just about okay and priced at slightly higher rates. The rooms are quite spacious but have minimal facilities. The cupboard is also small. The walk from the lift to my room was so long that I felt I was walking from the left wing to the right wing of the Salarjung museum. Also, do not expect fast billing before 12 noon and do give notice atleast 1 1/2 hours before. Hotel staff are not very friendly and seem quite cold.	
Feb 13 2008 	possibly the worst value in the world	We were booked into the Janpath by a reluctant colleague when we simply couldn't find anywhere else. It is not filthy, and there was hot water but that is about all that can be said in its favour. The staff were unhelpful, the food below average, the rooms ill equipped. Many rooms appear to be derelict and abandoned, or being refurbished. We both agreed we had stayed in far better hotels in major European capitals for less than a quarter the price we paid here.	
Feb 3 2008 	Not a place to lay your head	I did not stay at this hotel but I did visit prior to ouractual stay there. I toured the hotel withhotel staff and they graciously showed us a roomon the 4th floor. The location of the hotel is greatand by the appearance driving up it looked veryfavorable considering the price. The lobby was small, not grand at all but clean and presentable.The elevators were the old English lift type andworked well. Upon our accent to the 4th floor,I was the first to get out of the elevator. Directlyto my left was a part of the hotel or not, I wasn'tsure that was in the midst of construction. Noplastic tarps, no barriers, just a hallway with tools,sawdust, wood and construction materials thrownabout. The hallways were bare and deserted. Itreminded me of a mental hospital you saw on TVfrom the 50's. The room doors were old, didn't see safe and I couldn't believe what I was seeing. I would not spend 10 minutes in that room let alone a night. The furniture was damaged, the pillows looked 20y ears old and it was so very dingy and dirty everywhere. Black marks from dirty hands wereon the walls. The bathroom was completely disgusting. Granted, old and clean is fine, this was old, filthy anddisgusting. I looked in the tub and it was peeling. Crusted dirt and scum was around the rim. I couldn't bare to look any longer. I had to leave. We cancelled our reservations forthe return trip to Delhi. I'm so happy we went to check it outbefore checking in. Not recommeded unless you will sleepanywhere.	
Nov 23 2007 	Good 4 Star	HI This is Alam. Me and my Friend stayed in this hotel in the month of October and we found hotel is good 4 star.You will find all the basic aminities that 4 star hotel should have. overall its good 4 star . next time we will stay in this hotel.	
Aug 23 2007 	Grim Stalinist and depressing	I booked into the Janpath for a couple of weeks because I was going to be in Delhi for work. Big mistake. I had wanted a decent, serviceable, comfortable hotel, with good business facilities and an OK restaurant. Unfortunately, the Janpath was really none of these things. I knew I wasn't going anywhere as posh as the Imperial or the Oberoi, but I could have paid far less than I did at the Janpath for the facilities I got. It had nothing: no email access, a grotty bar, a restaurant I didn't really try (the in-room breakfast was bad enough), a terrible dysfunctional TV with about 2 channels and poor reception, the world's loudest air conditioning (sleeping at night was a problem), windows that didn't shut properly, and faulty electrics that constantly threw out sparks. In its defence, I would say that my room was quite large and quite clean. It was not comfortable, but it would have been acceptable at a 2* price. Unfortunately it came at a 4* price. I would also say that the staff were very pleasant to me. The laundry service was efficient and well-done, too. And the location is obviously very good. I became almost affectionate towards the place by the end of my stay, but it was a bit galling being next door to the Imperial.I would certainly not consider the Janpath if you are visiting Delhi.If you want a cheap, basic hotel, there are plenty cheaper than this one of the same standard. If you want a comfortable but good value hotel like a 4* should be, there are dozens of better options - The Claridge's, for instance, or any of the international chains.Despite a few redeeming features, you really will be better off elsewhere.	
Jul 19 2007 	Filthy Dirty	Great location just off the circle, but upon check in I was thoroughly disgusted. I was given the filthiest hotel room I have ever seen! The &quot;suite&quot; consisted of carpet that looked original and contained more dirt than my garden. The sofa and other &quot;suite&quot; furniture had grease stains across the entire headrest areas, the spilled items under the warm, empty refridgeration unit should and probably did invite bugs. The windows did not close properly, sucking the mildly cool air from the air conditioner right out. The bathroom walls had mold, including the shower which only provided ice cold water. Don't be tempted to stay - even for a minute.	
Jul 17 2007 	What a rip-off!	The Janpath would be lucky to receive two stars in any other country. The location is good, but the prices are ridiculous and the rooms are very basic. I had no hot water for the three days - the airconditoner sounded like a truck engine - and they had the nerve to charge me a &quot;luxury tax&quot; on checkout! Three nights cost me nearly six hundred Australian dollars. Do not stay at this hotel!	
Jan 12 2007	There are better 2 star hotels than Hotel Janpath	We were in Delhi early Dec 07. We were told that we could not our first choice of hotel because it was fully booked. The agent told us that she had booked a 4 star hotel which was better than our first choice, so you can imagine our horror when we booked in at the Janpath. Its a run down hotel which should never be classed as 4 star. The rooms we were given were very basic and from the looks of the doors it looked like the rooms had been broken into. Thankfully we were there only for two nights. I have stayed in better 2 star hotels in India.	
Dec 19 2006 	very clean rathole	the hotel janpath (located on Janpath road just south of connaught circle, between the Imperial and the Shangriila) is a government run hotel, part of the ashok group. the location is fantastic. The rooms were surprisingly clean (including the sheets) however, be mindful that this hotel is pretty much a rathole and would be a two star hotel in the US. that being said, I had hot water and a very large room,and TV with many English channels (probably cable or a satellite system). the bathroom was clean (the towels were grungy - best to bring your own) and the room didn't smell bad. The price was about $150 with taxes which seems to be about average for this class of hotel. Sure, the hotel was run down and dingy. The paint on the walls was peeling, and the furniture was very basic. However, it was a large hotel, many storeys, with shops and two restaurants. I ordered room service and the food came quickly, it was good, and I didn't get sick. I wish the room had cost $50, and not $150, and then it would be good value. However, the location was great, it was clean, .and I got a good night's sleep there.	
Jun 22 2006	This hotel doesn't even deserve 1 star.	When we made reservations we were told this hotel was a 4 star. This place doesn't even deserve a 1 star. The rooms were dirty. no hot water at anytime. Bathroom had mold everywhere. Staff was rude. We were promised a free breakfast and ended up having to pay for that. I didn't mind paying I just wanted to get my things and get out of there.	
Apr 5 2006	Janpath overpriced for mediocre stay	We usually stay with family when in Delhi but they were out of town, so we had to find a hotel which was safe and clean. Our four-year-old children were visiting India for the first time and have a complicated medical history, so we didn't want them getting sick either. Janpath was recommended to us by cousins who also had children visiting India for the first time, and they said they had a good experience. We paid way too much for the stay we got - 4700rs/night. The room, though large, was very worn, the bed was inadequate sized. The bathroom was as clean as can be expected from this kind of hotel, I guess, not well-maintained. We had several maintenance issues while there, but the staff was quick and effective in responding. Room service was prompt, but often messy in service. The food was reasonable, both in taste and price. I was told this hotel was a good transition from America to India. It is not. You will feel the culture shock when you stay here. Our train for departure was in the evening, and we asked for delayed check-out, but they charged us a whole extra day for it. The area was safe and my kids didn't get sick on the food (we bought our bottled water elsewhere). Still, I wouldn't recommend this hotel, because you could get a similar hotel for much less, but you have to be careful in Delhi.	
Mar 16 2006	Bad bad bad!!!	I stayed in this hotel with family for one night. It was terrible. The rooms were very dirty with torn carpet. The carpet looked like it has never been cleaned from several years. It is definately NOT a star hotel. It was much worse than some hostels where I have stayed.In spite of all this, the charges for food were like 4-5* hotels. They charged 45Rs for a cup of tea and more than 200Rs/person for useless breakfast.The staff was rude. At first they told that the breakfast was complimentary. But after we had the breakfast, they said it is not. After lot of arguing, I had to pay for that. All of the staff was desperate to get tips -- no matter how poorly they have maintained the hotel and how poor their service is.AVOID AVOID AVOID this hotel.	
Mar 6 2006	Awful	The hotel was an absolute disgrace, there was no cleansiness we stayed 1 night and we did not even unpack our suitcases slept in our clothes. They insist on payment upfront which should of got the alarm bells ringing. DO NOT STAY HERE	
Feb 19 2006	Like a Prison!	We prebooked the hotel online with Asia.com. When we arrived at the receptionist, it didn't too bad. Once we got to the third floor where our room was, the ambience resemble that of the under funded 1950s Lunatic Asylum. The room was horrendous - windows were covered with wooden board. The electric sockets were hanging out. No hot water at all despite the fact that the staff came up twice to fix it. The staff was aggressive and all they wanted was charging extras as much they can. Be very careful before you pay the bills! A deperate hotel - only to be used in the crisis. Not recommended to stay more than one night!	
Dec 19 2005	Absolute no no for this hotel 	Terrible, horrible, pathetic, despicable, bad can't find enought negative adjectives for this hotel. Rooms are like they have never been cleaned, bathrooms are like everyone in the hotel uses one single bathroom. Very dirty. Can't imagine this hotel is still functioning. Service very very bad. no water to drink ... just plain out lousy.	
Sep 5 2005	Terrible experience - Avoid it!	My experience was terrible. I called the day before to confirm our booking with Janpath and it was confirmed. When we got to Janpath from Jaipur, we were rudely told that there was no reservation. I showed the reservation from the internet and he was challenging me that it was not a reservation. He was very rude. It was only after he was going through his reservations did he finally find it and then his tone changed. We had two other bookings for the hotel and he said that there were no other bookings for the future. We even phoned the booking agent twice and they confirmed that there were no other bookings. More later! The room was not comfortable and for the first time we both decided to forgoe on the bath/shower as it was stained. It was also dark and noisey.We were glad to be out of there in one night.Now back to the horrible experience...while I was touring around, we found out that Janpath hotel charged us for one night as a no show (I found this out by email). I immediately contacted Janpath and they said that we did not show. They then argued with me that we did not cancel. I told them we confirmed with hotel and booking agent twice that there were no other reservations. They were very argumentative and would not relent and this went on and on for months. I told my credit card company and they finally stepped in and looked after it. Word of warning...get the name of the front desk person and be cautious about your bookings. They tried to get the money out of us and did not succeed. This was the only real negative on an otherwise wonderful adventure.	
Apr 6 2008 	Höchstens ein 3 Sterne Hotel		
Feb 13 2007 	orribile		
Jan 9 2007 	No puede ser peor!!!		
Oct 14 2007	There has to be a better place....	We had a choice of this hotel or Yorks Hotel. Sorry to say our group was booked in this place. Upon check we only needed 5 rooms, the hotel was not confirmed with a credit card and the front desk had a fit and we had to take the 6th room. After a grueling 1 hour they agreed to give the single rate for the person in the room. The staff took up most of our groups baggage and very clearly stated they wanted a bigger tip then what the individuals gave. We had 4 rooms with inoperable showers/tubs. The water backed up the drain under the sink and flooded the bathrooms. There was only 1 room that they would change and changed again and again and still flooded. The hotel was not very helpful with problems. The beds were comfortable and clean.There is not lift/elevator so be prepared to walk up 4 flights of steps to the second floor.There was a roof lounge and we did use it well into the night.The hotel wanted payment the same day we checked in. They then insisted we pool our money for all the rooms and pay at one time since they had no change to give us they said.We tried to change money at the front desk and they refused.Even the bank next door refused to change money. Thank heaven for Thomas Cook across the street.The worst part was their so called security guard. We were kept getting a bad feeling about him. One of the single room (lady) returned to her room to freshen up and he followed her into her corner room. She stopped him dead in his tracks and went face to face with him asking what the bleep he wanted. Complaining to the front desk was worthless. They just said he is security.I would not stay here again since there were many choices in the area. The area was nice for shopping. The hotel did have internet for 60INR (30 minutes). The straw that broke the camels back was at breakfast. The ladies ate early for 150INR however when the gentleman came down to eat (the same breakfast exactly) their bill was 91INR.We noted this to the front desk and they said he ordered less items. Not true. Thank goodness it was only 1 night. We would have relocated if it was more.	
Sep 29 2007 	Don't stay here!!	OK, it looked nicer on the pics I've seen on the hotel website. And yes, I admit that this hotel is the best locationwise as it's in the center of Connaught place. However, when I first stepped in the hotel, the smell instantly made me sick. When I got there, my room was not ready, but they let me have a look at the room anyway. Whoever stayed before me, that person is absolutely disgusting. Cigarette butts were all over the floor, and the bed sheets were stained... and the bathroom!?? OMG, I don't even want to talk about it. (refer to the pics I posted.)They made me wait outside until they finish cleaning, and guess what!? It took less than 5 minutes to clean that messy room. They didn't change the sheets.. ahhh...Be aware of the travel agency they'd introduce to you. They charged me Rs.2,200 for the bus trip to Agra, but it turns out everyone else on the bus paid Rs.550 or less. They said it would be a new, large, and air-conditioned bus and most tourinsts would be from European countries. Oh, well.. I was the only non-Indian on the bus, and it surely sucked. Do not stay at this hotel. You don't want to waste ~$70/night for this crap. I stayed at the Intercontinental Grand before this hotel. You can get good deals from Asianrooms.com , so try. This hotel is not the best Intercontinental.. but since it's really hard to find decent hotels in Delhi, i think this hotel is really nice.	
Apr 3 2007 	decent hotel in connaught place	a few points:1) this is NOT 'Jukaso Inn', it is 'Hotel Jukaso Inn' - these are 2 different hotels - yes it is confusing!!2) i gave this hotel 4/5 (&quot;above average&quot;) as for delhi it is above average. i would probably give it 3.5/5 if i couldok, basically delhi is really hard to get a decent hotel that isn't ridiculously expensive. well this is an exception. it is a decent hotel in a very handy place, connaught place. it isn't beautiful but it is decent and clean with a good size room, bed, tv and shower/bathroom. the A/C was so-so as you couldn't choose a personal setting, it was basically a grill in the wall with cool air coming in. but the room was nice and cool so i didn't mind. there was a fan that could be controlled too.the breakfast was pretty good i thought though my girlfriend didn't like her eggs (no problem, i ate hers too!). it had 1 computer for internet use and at 68Rs (why 68?!!) per hour wasn't very cheap. other than that this hotel was grand. they were helpful with storing our bags all day as we had a late flight. and they helped organise a taxi for us.so in short, booking hotels in delhi is a nightmare cos all the reviews seem to be so bad, or else they are ridiculously expensive. well if i was ever staying in delhi again i'd stay here, and i would recommend it to a friend.	
	ok clean and friendly staff	Although the sorrounding is a bit low standard and the hotel from outside could be more friendly we found the rooms very clean and comfortabel. The staff was friendly. We had problems to find the place as the location on google maps was wrong, but that should be corrected in the meantime. Reception guys were very helpful. Room 303 is sometimes very loud as the Kitchen of the rooftop restaurant is right above it, otherwise the area was quiet during nighttime.All in all pretty good hotel for that price.	
	No Business Sources here	I can’t use my laptop here, no internet access , my client wanted to visit me but can’t find this hotel, the telephone operator was bad and rude with him while helping him with the directions. A backpacker area.	
Nov 22 2009 	Good value for the money	We chose this hotel for our over-night stay in Delhi. The place is good value for the money. It definitely needs a little polish here and there... but our bathroom was spotless!The staff was very friendly and did their best to make our stay as comfortable as possible. Moreover we can recommend their restaurant.	
Nov 7 2009 	A very good hotel in Paharganj	We stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of our trip around India. The area of Paharganj is not the most touristy of areas and a pretty rundown however it gives you quite a good india experience as this is what a lot of India is like. People remain kind and if you can put up with the staring of the locals then its cheap and close to the train station.The hotel is down a bustlig side street. It is clean and the rooms are well apointed, nice double bed, TV and clean bathroom. AC and room fan available. Good selection of room service and upstairs restaurant is clean and has lovely views over the busy area. I did not find any cockroaches - always reassuring!The staff are extremely freindly. Happy to help sort things out and are always on hand for assistance. I cant speak Hindi and so there were some communication difficulties but nothing big. The brother of the owner offered some tourist travelling deals but we had already organised ours prior to coming. He was not pushy and offerred help if anything else we needed.One downside is that they do provide a pick up service, even though extremely useful is more expensive than the taxis you can pick up at the airport. The other being if you want to get a rickshaw from the train station to here and you are not Indian/look touristy in what should cost 10-20 rupees they will try and charge 100-150 rupees. We ended up getting quite angry with them and walking at 11pm(only a 10 minute walk though but not the safest area to walk in when dark - a risky venture)In summary - if you are up for the challenge of staying in Paharganj (cheap accomodation, authentic Indian experience and proximity to train station) then I would recommend this hotel to you. Clean and friendly	
Nov 1 2009 	Finding an Oasis in Delhi	I stayed at Lals Haveli for one week in September 2009 at the end of a 15 month trip around the world. I booked through hostelworld.com. When I first saw the outside I wondered if I had been droped off at the correct hotel, but when I went inside I was met by very friendly and welcoming staff. The room was not the biggest I had stayed in but was clean, nicely decorated, and had everything I was promised. They provided room service which was very nice. The food was traditional Indian food, not westernised, but excelent quality. The hotel is located just off a main road down a bussling side street, about 500M from New Delhi Railway station and about 1 Mile from Connaught Place and the nearest subway sation. The room I stayed in was very quiet and the other guests were respectfull and quiet at night.	
Oct 24 2009 	feeling of home from home	I stayed at Lal's Haveli at the start and end of my recent trip to India. I was given a warm welcome and a clean room. Throughout my stay nothing was too much trouble for the management and staff. The rooftop restaurant provides great food at cheap prices. Don't be put off by the area , give this place a chance and I am sure you will find the same wonderful hospitality. I booked a trip through the connected travel agency and again found value for money, safety as a woman alone and I had a great holiday.Jean Hadfield	
Oct 14 2009 	Good value for money but you can find better	Good location -right near pahar ganj, so very busy and dirty area. Fab sweet shop just outside. Place is very clean and safe but desperately needs a refurb. There is lots of choice in the area and you can def get better for your money if you shop about. No internet or wi fi in the hotel - it is around the corner. Room has all amenities you need. The staff are lovely and helpful. Would recommend but dont expect luxury when you pay peanuts.	
Sep 8 2009 	Best value for money hotel in New Delhi	Rooms are much better than what the reception promise. Spacy and cozy, with clean bathrooms. The staff are polite and willing to serve. As the area has many hotels, it will be difficult to find a better value.Makis	
Mar 1 2009 	Great Place To Stay	Great hospitality with good priced rooms. Very simple design which is comfortable and spacious. Bathrooms are spacious and very clean which is usually a hard thing to find in Delhi particularly for a hotel at this price! The area is great to wander around and so close to Connaught Place and I recieved an airport pick up with a nice driver who spoke good English. Staff are courteous and friendly and the food on the roof top terrace is amazing!! Make sure you get some photos of the Delhi skyline, particularly at sunset	
Jan 26 2009	Poor Query Resolution at Reception	I gave a call to the hotel, I was given two rates for Deluxe &amp; Semi Deluxe rooms and when I asked what is the difference between them, the receptionist was very curt and said you can come and see the difference. When I said I have to book the room and I am outside Delhi how can I come and see it, he said how can I tell you what is the difference. They badly need to train their staff for a decent behaviorhelloneoo@yahoo.com	
Jan 20 2009 	excellent hotel	amazing locationnice and clean new roomsvery good value for moneycourteous staffwould give it 5 outta 5	
Jan 16 2009 	hospitality and cleanliness	This hotel was much more than I expected for the price! I arranged a late night pickup and they were there and waiting. The staff was plentiful and courteous. The room was large and very clean. My only problem is that Delhi is cold at this time, but when I requested a second blanket it came think and fast. The room service was reasonable and fast. The location was very good to check out the center of Delhi. I was a first time visitor to India traveling as a woman alone and this Hotel made me feel very comfortable.	
Dec 24 2007	Somewhat dirty room spotless bathroom good staff	I spent a few days in and around the Paharganj area in New Delhi, where this hotel is located. It's unfortunately not on the main bazaar itself, but rather north a few blocks (it was about 15 mins walk from the New Delhi train station), so it's a bit difficult getting back there, especially since most rickshaw drivers hadn't heard of it or know where it was. All in all, the hotel wasn't so bad, it was in a lot of ways a welcome respite from the hell that is Paharganj (to any traveller going to India for the first time, I highly HIGHLY advise against staying in the Paharganj area during your first stay, it is quite frankly chaotic hell, stay somewhere like connaught place, which is more relaxed, there are tons of rickshaws available anywhere in the city anytime of day that will get you to the old city and main bazaar for around 50 Rupees ~ $1.50). The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, they even let me keep my luggage there free for a week as I left and travelled west into Rajhastan. One thing you'll soon learn about India is that the hotel staff tend to sleep in the hotel itself on the floors in the lobby, so if you have a 6 am train departure like I did, don't feel bad to wake them up, the staff here were friendly even then. The room itself was fairly well furnished. I paid about 750 rupees a night (~$20) for a single room, it had a TV and bathroom with western toilets and a shower that gave warm but not hot water (which is still a plus in India, considering 3/5 hotels I stayed at had only cold water). The bathroom itself was truly spotless, which was the biggest saving grace of this hotel (otherwise I would give it a 1/5). The room itself was clean, but the sheets and pillow covers weren't quite washed, and frankly I killed 4 cockroaches while I was there, which should put things into perspective. The room was also a bit musty and lacked a proper window.There were two other great things about this hotel. First, there was an internet cafe right behind it for 20 rupees/hour. Second, almost right across from it was an awesome sweets shop called Bikaner Sweets (very very clean and western in setup), and upstairs of the sweet shop was a great vegetarian family restaurant, also very clean and cheap (highly recommended).All in all, the good sides of this hotel are balanced with its bad sides. The location isn't so great, and the room is somewhat dirty, but the staff are friendly, the bathroom was clean, and the internet cafe and nearby restaurant were the bomb. If it wasn't for the cockroaches and dirty bedsheets, I'd give it a 4/5.	
	Service was Crap!!	My spouse and I arrived at the Hotel Legend around 9pm after a long flight. Our bags had not arrived, so we were tired and all we could thing of was a hot shower and food. Upon arrival at the hotel we received a very cold welcome at the reception. We were told if we want food to call the kitchen, however upon calling to place an order we were told they didnt have any food. The staff ordered food for us from outside and charged us 3 times the price. When it came time for a shower, one EACH night we had to request the staff to turn on the hot water so we could have a hot shower. We also had to tell the staff to turn on the AC in our room (very frustrating!). Our bed sheets had to be changed twice because they were blood stained and it seemed like the sheets were never changed from the previous occupants.Yuck!! I know this is a budget hotel, but these simple services should at least be mandatory in a hotel thats boasts about 24hr hot water/AC and a simple smile would go a long way.	
Nov 21 2009 	Budget hotel nothing more	Given I've travelled to India previously and stayed in some very cheap, but great accommodation, I was happy to book Hotel Legend as the reviews were good, despite it being super cheap ($39 AUD per night). However, compared to other properties we stayed in during this recent trip, I'd have to say that I don't agree with many of the reviews currently listed for Hotel Legend. My husband and I found it to be a budget property with not much else to offer....the room definitely didn't look as nice as those in the pictures, the only sheet on the bed was quite stained and I had to ask for a top sheet to use with the questionably clean blanket. We did have hot water, but the toilet didn't flush, which wasn't a huge surprise. Staff were OK, location was always going to be busy given it's close to the train station and essentially in the heart of backpacker district, but all in all, I don't feel Hotel Legend deserves the average &quot;very good&quot; rating that it's been given.	
Nov 16 2009 	Looks impressive on the website but pretty average hotel	Hotel Legend International looked impressive on their website but was a fairly average hotel. The location was fine - walking distance to restaurants but a lengthy rickshaw ride to Chandi Chowk, fort etc. Lots of staff at the hotel that seemed to just sit around and argue but not do a whole lot of work. The rooms were fine - clean &amp; comfortable, usual wet bathroom but the toilets didn't really flush (nor was there always hot water). The rooms were noisy - there was a telephone that rang continuously on our floor, all through the night and was never answered or turned down. The restaurant food was awful - old rice that looked like it was half rice/half grubs, tasteless curries, bad chai (with rice in it) and bad service - only one menu for the entire restaurant, when we were taking too long (all of a few minutes) looking at it, the hotel staff whipped it out of our hands and gave it to someone else. For 1500 INR per night, I think you could probably find a better value hotel in Delhi.	
Oct 5 2009 	Good value for money good location	I stayed here on three occasions during the summer with my girlfriend and members of my extended family who were in India for a wedding. It's in a great central location right next to New Delhi train station which is helpful for internal travel. The Metro also stops here so it's good for getting around the city. Some of my lesser-travelled family members found the area a bit rough and ready but we found it safe enough once you take the usual precautions. It's only a 5 minute stroll to the Main Bazaar in Pahar Ganj and about a 10-15 minute walk to Connaught Place. The communication from management before our arrival was good and they were helpful overall. Rooms are clean with big comfortable beds. Some rooms have fridges and others don't. They are not very roomy as other reviews here have mentioned but as we spent the majority of our time out and about exploring Delhi, we found them perfectly adequate. The A/C worked well in any room we stayed in. Staff are very (too) attentive at times and are plentiful. One thing that we would have liked was a restaurant or lounge of some sort as we had to eat in our room all the time if we stayed in the hotel. They were talking of opening a roof-top restaurant when we were leaving which would be a good addition. There wasn't too much noise from outside but this depends on where your room is located also. There were staff telephones, which were located on the half-landing, ringing from early morning which was a bit irritating but the volume can be turned down. This is worst when you stay in any of the rooms ending in -01, -02, -03. I brought it up with the management and they said they would try to rectify matters so hopefully it might be sorted for future guests.The only real negative aspect of our stay was the behaviour of the Travel Agent in the lobby. He was very pushy, unpleasant to deal with and over-charged members of our group a significant amount on a few occasions. The service he provided was also sub-standard when we travelled in a car organised by him to Jaipur. (We left an hour late, were charged more than others in the same car, were dumped out a few miles from the city centre in Jaipur and had to pay to get another TukTuk into town). There is no shortage of travel guys in Delhi so shop around! Apart from this we found out stay at the hotel to be positive overall. Very good value for money, clean, central and comfortable.	
Oct 4 2009	funky design in an amazing neighbourhood eat on the roof	Our first night in India, arriving at 4am after a bus crew couldnt locate hotel. (TIP Print off own map of your hotels) Friendly staff ,especially on the rooftop resturant, very pleasant rooms and great location and value. Its not luxury but clean, and some of our group found the area a bit intimidating. It is a vibrant hectic place with a tourist road right amoungst the locals. Everybody we met smiled and wanted to talk with transport around very easy. We had great meals up on the roof with the staff so accomodating and enjoyable. A briiliant start to our visit to India.	
Sep 27 2009	great service strange location...	If you are willing to be a taxi-ride away from the action, this hotel was really quite good! They had a large service staff who were welcoming and smiling at every opportunity (maybe this was because we were a large group, or that we were nice and appreciative towards everything they did for us). I had a single? room on the ground floor, right next to the computers and travel desk. The room was quite large and even had a double-sized bed. The bathroom was great, too, but as with everywhere in India (so far) teh bathrooms tend to get hot during the day so remember to close it as you leave!! There are two computers available for free internet access, one wasn't working when I was there and they actually let me use theirs in their little office! There'sa lift, which is always a bonus, and a rooftop restaurant. The food was wonderful for any meal of the day, and none of the 18 of us got sick! One night we had bought too many beers and shared some with some of the service guys- they thought we were fantastic! If I could give any negatives they would be that you aren't really close too much, and that it was really tricky to find initially. It was also pretty noisy with street noises, but earplugs are a fantastic invention!!	
Aug 4 2009 	Good value for money ( 20£) and good location	Stayed there for two nights Aug.2009. Excellent location--close to New Delhi Train Station ( NOT NIZMUDDIN AS I ORIGINALLY THOUGHT) and Connaught Place.The hotel lobby was inviting and clean, and the room we had was clean, although small. ( Made smaller by furniture that was too large for the room) The bathroom was large and clean--bring your own shampoo. Towels were small, but I asked for some bigger ones, the sheets on the bed were stained, so I asked for,and recieved clean sheets. Breakfast is included but is NOT buffet style..you order it from the menu and eat in your room.That struck me as kind of weird..but was fine. Be careful though, the servers simply knocked THEN WALKED IN...to prevent this, always lock your door. The room was cheap--20£ per night--and overall a really good budget hotel. DOWNSIDES--there were always many loiterers in the lobby and on the stairs....I didnt understand that. Also, there were loiterers in hte halls,outside our room...ready for our beck and call. Tipping is appreciated--and can go a long way to better service!Overall...a 8/10 for a budget hotel	
Jul 25 2009 	Fantastic Value for money	I booked the hotel from england, before travelling to delhi, as all previous reviews had been pretty positive. I was not bothered about the location, as I was only stopping in Delhi for the one night before going to Punjb next day. There were 9 of us in total (3 families including kids). We were picked up from the airport (taxi driver waited even though we were about 2 hours late), taken to the hotel,check in was quick, and I was really impressed with the rooms. I booked two trible bed rooms, which has one super kink bed and a single bed. Rooms were very clean, and were ensuite. For the price, no one can complain, we ordered food at around 2 am, and although they had to go outside to get it, but was really good. The whole stay cost me around £100, that includes airport pickup, and drop off at the railway station. I liked it that much that before I flew back to england, i stopped there again. Really recommend this hotel to anyone who is unsure about budget accommodation in delhi, as i was before I booked.	
May 18 2009 	In such a busy city this hotel was just what we needed	Although the rooms were quite small, they are no smaller than those in hotels in other cities elsewherein the world.Delhi is such a crazy place, that after a busy day walking, the room was much appreciated. The rooms were very clean. The staff were very helpful. I would recommend this hotel.	
May 18 2009 	Good	i stayed in the property for 7 days and the stay and service was good	
May 17 2009 	Good location but not value for money	For us, the location was great as it was a five minute walk to the new dehli train station, but the hotel room was dark, air con didn't work and constant noise throughout the day and night . . and no hot water! 'Very hard sale' by the in-hous travel agent was annoying and worth avoiding at all costs.For what we paid, it really wasn't value for money.	
Apr 26 2009 	Good Value near New Delhi train station	This hotel was comfortable and very easy on my budget. It is located a short walk from the New Delhi train station and Metro stop. The street it is located on is somewhat lively so you may hear some noise but I was not disturbed by it. The online booking process was easy and accurate. I opted for the airport pickup through the hotel, the driver was on time and friendly.	
Apr 24 2009 	Probably not the Best Hotel in the Area. Probably.	There's nothing really wrong with this place - the staff are ok, the room was acceptable and the bathroom, although prone to get absolutely soaked when using the shower (remove all clothing and toilet roll before using), is fine. That said, we struggled with the hot water and the place is very, very noisy at night. We did arrange for the hotel to pick us up from the airport which they confirmed (twice) but then didn't do as they wrote down the wrong date. This was a good thing though - we got a prepaid taxi for R350 while the hotel was charging R600. They made up for it by giving us free toilet paper when we left, though be aware if you buy bottled water from them they seem to make up the price each time - it can cost anything from R15 to R25. It's a great location for a number of things - New Delhi train station is 5 mins walk away, and they have an excellent facility for travellers to book train tickets - go to the 1st floor and follow the signs and do not listen to ANYONE who tells you otherwise. You're also 3mins by rickshaw from Connaught Place and not much further from chaotic Old Delhi. When you arrive a walk down the nearby Old Bazarr should get you into the spirit of things.The hotel gives home to a rather sleazy looking fellow who will, almost as soon as you get in, try to sell you all sorts of tours, viewing experiences, train tickets and assorted malarky. It's rather frustrating when you want to just check in and take a shower, even more frustrating when he badgers you every morning, noon and night - I believe he actually lives on the sofa by his desk. Take him with a pinch of salt, laugh at his outrageously inflated / fluctuating prices, and then ignore him - he's harmless.	
Apr 20 2009 	Uneasy ambience and pushy travel agent	We booked here after reviews on this site seemed good but only stayed here for a quick nap as we arrived 11 hours late at 10am the next morning. We rang and told them to pick us at the domestic terminal but the driver didn't show up - we rang him but he couldn't find us (but couldn't tell us where he was?) and told us to get a taxi ourselves. When we arrived at the hotel the travel agent tried to charge us Rs650 for the non-existent pickup - after some arguing on two occasions we didn't pay him. The room was clean enough but there was no hot water and the toilet didn't flush - it just sprayed water from it's pipework across the bathroom floor. The main concern was the number of people loitering on the stairwells and in the lobby which didn't make us feel all that secure here so was glad we only stayed for a very short time before catching a train. The good thing about the hotel is it is only a 5 minute walk to New Delhi train station - can't think of much else though!	
Apr 16 2009 	nice retreat in busy delhi	We enjoyed a 5 day stay at this hotel.We were able to negociate a slightly cheaper price on arrival which is worth doing, approximately 1400 rupees.They arranged pick up from another hotel near the airport.The man organising trips/travel at the front was a bit pushy but otherwise the staff were ok, not overly friendly but not rude.We ordered room service a few times whcih was really nice.The room itself was very comfortable and spacious, air con and bathroom were good.Would happily stay again.Also free internet in the lobby.	
Apr 6 2009 	Good News- Bad News	We chose Hotel legend among other similar &quot;budget&quot; properties in the neighborhood partly based on the comments by the manager here in these reviews. The rooms were pretty much as expected although ours had no windows, and service was acceptable. We had some items stolen from our luggage there, which included a small amount of cash, I miss the money clip more than the dollars. Part of the problem is that everyone in the lobby knows your plans. The 'travel agent' is a loud-mouth, and all employees knew our travel plans for the day which gave almost everyone within earshot the opportunity to know when we were away. There seems to be a number of 'employees' lingering about with nothing to do, and we got a feeling of unease about them watching us. Since we can't prove anything, we can only say, use an extra amount of caution at The Legend.The 'complimentary' breakfast was as expected and sufficient. However, unless you eat in your room, the other option is on the rooftop which has the atmosphere of an industrial air conditioner. The tables are located under a green piece of plexiglass which gives your eggs and toast a nice, greenish tint. The internet only worked half of the time.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great location clean good value	This was my first experience of a hotel in India, the first stop in a three week trip. Of the horror stories I had read about hotels I wasn't sure what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised. This hotel was as advertised..the price as quoted, it indeed had hot water as I was to discover many places said they did but actually didn't, it was reasonably clean and it even had toilet paper..!! The staff were friendly, we were able to use the Internet in the lobby whenever we wanted. I would say it was good value for the money. Also I arranged for a car to pick us up at the airport and it was there..!! So overall we were quite pleased.	
Mar 29 2009 	Nothing special but it does the job	This hotel could be freshened up a bit as the pictures look much nicer than what you actually get, it is really noisy (both the city and the staff are extremely noisy) and it feels a bit overpriced. Besides this, and considering it'd Delhi, the rooms are big and relatively clean. It's also 5 minutes away from the train station, so the location is great, especially if you're getting an early flight.	
Mar 26 2009 	A Decent Place to Stay	I chose this hotel based on trip advisor reviews and was pleased with my decision. The rooms are pretty basic and the towels could definitely stand to be replaced, but the bed was comfortable and it was nice to have TV in the room. The travel guy in the lobby is definitely shady and will change his quoted price every time you talk with him. However, if you do bring up a price that you got at some other travel agency, he'll definitely move on his prices. Breakfast is okay, but dinner is fantastic. Personally, I didn't find the hotel to be particularly noisy, but they did seem to be doing construction somewhere in the hotel as there was a constant pounding during the day up until about 9pm. I just chalked it up to it being India and didn't let it bother me. Paharganj is definitely not the nicest place in Delhi but it is close to the railway station, which, when you're catching a 6am train is exactly where you want to be. Overall, I'm happy with my stay.	
Mar 18 2009 	Good location if you want to see Phaharganj	The Paharganj market district is one of Indias must see attractions, that was my main reason for staying here. However the Hotel is satisfactory in every way, clean rooms and good service. A good budget hotel.	
Mar 13 2009 	Great clean hotel good value for money!	We always make it a point to head straight for this hotel whenever we are in New Delhi. It's so close to the charming shops of Paharganj, all the services are nearby, the rail station is so close and Connaught Place is just a short rickshaw ride away. When we first stayed here in 2007, the security guard used to come and take our toddler from the vehicle to the door! I love the left luggage facility, it means that we can use New Delhi as a base and not haul our 6 suitcases all over India! It can be a bit noisy with all the room service buzzers going off but it's clean, inexpensive, and the service is great. We'd recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Mar 11 2009	terrible- bad location	The hotel is located in one of the worse locations in New Delhi! There was no hot water, limited amounts of toilet paper, the TV channels kept going and the noise from outside was so bad that even ear plugs could not block it out. I would not recommend the breakfast, also the guy who sells the tours was very shady, kept changing prices????I would not recommend this hotel as its not in a safe location and your bound to get ripped of!	
Mar 9 2009 	Patience is needed - especially if you don't have any laundry	Looking back our stay here was so comically and surreal.Very nice location close to the train station, but it is also a very noicy street, The staff english was quite limited, and even upon arrival we were asked if we had any laundry. Since we were going home in two dayes the answer was no.The rooms are quite smallish, but comfortable enough. However the walls are extremly thin, and you can hear every word being said in the hall. We even had a bellboy stationed outside our room, and even thought he didn't understand a word of danish, privacy was limited.Every time we went outside our room, we were asked if we had any laundry, and imagine their dissapointment when my tailormade dress arrived at the hotel, and they thought we had our laundry done elsewhere. I actually had to show them my dress, to make them understand.Roomservice came to the immidiatly (after all, he sat just outside) but they usually forced their way into the room, which was quite annoying.I would recoomend this hotel, after all, we ended up having a blast, and some very strange and funny memories of this hotel ;o)	
Mar 7 2009 	good value for money	Stayed at the hotel in the first week of March with my wife and 3 yr old daughter. Good clean rooms, with decent food, average hospitality. Happy with their luggage storage facility, when we twice left the hotel for different tours. Did not use the tour operator in the hotel lobby for the 1st tour (based on previous reviews on this website!). The tour operator was distraught and immediately gave me a very good rate for the 2nd tour, as well as the return trip to the airport (better than the tour operator across the road).	
Feb 23 2009 	Terrible service poor location	We booked to stay at the hotel legend for 3 nights in february. We informed the hotel via email that we would be arriving late at night and they agreed to meet us at the airport. When we arrived in delhi, no-one from the hotel was at the airport and we could not get through on the phone.We eventually got a taxi and when we arrived at 2am there was a group of men sitting in reception. We were told that the hotel was full and when we said we had a booking they got another gentleman who just said they were full and to come back tomorrow with no apology or explanation as too why our booking had fallen through. By this time we were exhausted and the road the hotel was on looked very dodgy so luckily our taxi driver found us a much nicer hotel in another area. We will definetly not be coming back.	
Feb 5 2009 	Good hotel in great location	A good clean and safe hotel in a fantastic part of Delhi. Very close to the railway station and only a 5 minute auto ride from Connaught Place. The staff were helpful although sometimes pestered a little and although there is no restaurant as such the food is very good - we used the roof terrace several times to eat. The rooms are clean and spacious with comfortable beds, tv and some have a fridge.Look out for a wonderful staff member called Ramu - a very lovely and helpful chap - tip him well :)I would certainly stay here again and would definitely recommend it to anyone.	
Feb 5 2009 	Safe clean comfortable hotel in Paharganj.	As other reviewers I liked Legend and stayed a total of 8 nights. I would also recommend it to others. Compared to others in this price range (1200-1500 Rs) the rooms are well furnished (very good mattresses), clean and safe (sturdy doors with good locks).Room service is efficient, free internet in lobby, staff are friendly and the food is good and tasty (rooftop seating available).As per other reviewers I would warn against using the travel agent who is seated in the lobby 24 hours! His services are all overpriced and he hassled me continuously whenever I was in the lobby area. You need to fight him off! To book train tickets there is a good place across the road which only charges 75 Rs commission.Overall this place really feels like home-from-home and is warmly recommended.	
Jan 20 2009 	comforts of home in Delhi	For our first few nights in intimidating India we booked with the Legend Hotel, and we were glad we did. It's a little higher than our usual budget, but having a comfortable place to get over jet lag was worth it. The street is still pretty busy but the interior of the hotel was very nice. Everything is very new. We had a great bed, good TV, and mostly hot water. Room service was good and pretty cheap as well. I'd highly recommend this hotel while you're getting used to the chaos here, or simply to anybody who enjoys having a larger room.	
Dec 11 2008 	Good value for the price	My first night I stayed at Ajanta hotel and was quite dissatisfied because for 3000 rs you can find better place in that area. The international legend is a good choice because:1. I paid about 1000 rs for room with TV and 1400 for room with LCD TV. 2. Internet is free.3. The hotel was almost empty, when others were full.4. The cleaning is very good. After cleaning the room smells good.5. I liked the doors. The rest of the hotels in that area have doors that looked really bad.Minuses:1. Tiped waiter 20 rs and then every morning he knocked the door at 8am trying to clean something or do something for me. Really annoying. Especially if you usually get up at 10.2. i do not know why people say that location is good. it is true that hotel is very close to railway station but the area looks like Berlin after WWII. Many people, very dirty streets.3. Do not buy tours from travel agency in the hotel. They are really overpriced and guy who sells these tour is not nice at all.4.Hot water is woring only in the morning time. At the evening you have to bakshesh waiters to turn on boiler.Anyway, place is good value choice.	
Dec 8 2008 	good location average value	booked the hotel through email. rate of 2250rs incl tax and breakfast for a super deluxe. the room itself dont quite feel like super deluxe. the window was tiny and gave no view at all. i specifically asked what difference there existed between a deluxe and a super deluxe and the hotel replied that the super deluxe provided a fridge, a TV and more space. well... to the contrary as advertised the fridge seemed non-functioning for quite some time. it wasnt switched on at all. and the room didnt feel very spacious. the TV was the only thing that worked as promised and was a 26inch sony LCD.on the plus side, the room was rather clean (with the exception that there were a couple of cockroaches that got killed as soon as sighted) and bed was comfy. breakfast was cooked to standard. but to have hot shower (24h as advertised), i actually needed to phone frontdesk so that some ppl got the heater switched on (centrally controlled). when i first called at 10pm (after whole day of sightseeing) the frontdesk person told me to have hot shower next morning! only when i clearly told them that was unacceptable did they switch it on. and a further 20mins wait before hot water was available.the location itself is quite good. being 5 min walk from new delhi train station in PG. and internet that worked was provided free - which is always a plus esp when it was at a time around the mumbai terror attack.never get talked into deal by the hotel travel agency ppl - they overcharge. for a taxi trip to qutb minar and then to airport, the man quoted us 800rs and refused to negotiate. we went out, and greeted by a driver and got it 500rs without much negotiation. the frontdesk ppl were decent in providing price index though, and didnt try talk you into some deal of theirs.a B&amp;B south of CP may offer better hospitality and personality. but they typically charged in the range of 3500rs upwards. so given this comparison, i give this hotel a 3 star rating, mainly for its location and average price/performance ratio.	
Nov 20 2008 	Pretty good hotel	This was quite a nice hotel in a good location. We stayed there twice in a three week period. The room was pretty clean and the staff were very helpful - there was always someone available to help out. We had a couple of small issues - there weren't any sheets on the bed, only a blanket (not uncommon in India though - I'd recommend carrying a sheet/sleeping bag liner) and on both visits we had to ask for the air con and the hot water to be switched on. On the whole though, a pretty good place for the price.	
Nov 17 2008 	Perfect Stay!!	We stayed at this hotel from 23rd October for 2 nights and I have to say it was an oasis of calm in mad Delhi!!We originally were to stay in the Rama Deluxe but one look at the bathroom and I demanded to move to the Legend after reading about it on Trip Advisor.The hotel is very clean, the staff are very polite and nothing is too much trouble. the main point is that it is quiet, despite being in the middle of Delhi! The bedsheets were a little worn but this was not really a major problem, we also had to wait for 5 minutes for the water to heat up in the shower but this is a problem all over India.We also tried the breakfast, and was very pleased with that too.If you are looking for a reasonably priced, clean hotel for a few nights in Delhi then this is the perfect place. Frankly, this hotel deserves a better ranking on Tripadvisor that 31, it should be in the top 10! Well done Hotel Legend International.	
Oct 22 2008	Wonderful	I and my wife stayed at Hotel Legend, New Delhi for 3 nights in September.The room given to us was on 3rd floor. It was a nice, big room with good furniture. The room was clean and comfy.The Interiors of the hotel is real good(specially their 1st floor lobby) and service is also good.I would highly recommend this hotel for all.Only 1 problem they have internet in the lobby, no Wifi net.	
Aug 12 2008 	Good hotel Clean and resonable price.	I've been to Delhi many times for bussiness. The hotel price in Delhi is very expensive according to their level. I found this hotel by tripadvisor and tried, it's a surprise to have such a good hotel at this price. It's clean, with big room. The service is very good. The only problem is Wifi, there is no wifi, I have to go to the lobby to use Internet.Linong Guo from China	
Apr 24 2008 	nice...	i'd tried to book hotel ajanta close to hotel legend, but it was booked up so i was placed in hotel legend instead. i liked it. had a room on the top floor and it was a pleasant surprise, clean, spacious and quiet.	
Feb 8 2009 	Muss nicht sein...		
	Comfortable Hotel in New Delhi	This is my first time to New Delhi. Before coming to Delhi I was looking several 3 stars hotel through internet and got some places that can give enjoy time during stay in Delhi. Gotcha.. I decided one hotel named Le Roi Hotel and check in the hotel that very clean, and nice service from the front office until the room boy. Although it located in the crowded area but it very closed to the Metro station that can connected to Rajiv Chock..the central of India in the next station. A lot of restaurant and money changer surrounding the hotel, but if you wanna eat in the restaurant of hotel...its also really delicious food that made by the cooker in the hotel and the price was reasonable price. The other one that make me feel at home when the GM and GRO explained me about Delhi... they are very warm and give me opportunity to kept my bagage and browsing free internet until midnight before check out at midnight. Thank you Le Roi Hotel, if someday I am coming to Delhi...absolutely I would like to stay there.	
	Very nice hotel kind stuff	We visited hotel Le Roi with friends in november 2009, we felt very nice and comfortable, stuff were very kind and helpful, we enjoyed our staying very much. I can recommend this hotel to every one who stays in Delhi.	
	Great stay!!!!	We stayed in Le Roi late October 2009 and had a fantastic stay. It is a new hotel. It is very clean and spacious the room does have little greatness (the air con was very quiet) and all in all it is a very good apartment.  As far as the room is concerned, it is luxurious room, if you want a clean place to store your clothes, rest your head, and get ready for a working day or night out, then it does the job more than adequately.  What gives the hotel such great review is the service you receive. I can quite honestly say I have never received such excellent service before. The staff was all extremely friendly and couldn't do enough for us. When we felt a bit poorly one evening they suggested we have some feni (the local spirit) to settle our stomachs. I must admit, I was apprehensive, and as strong as it was, it did the trick! All the staff say hello, everyone makes you feel welcome, and everyone always has a smile on their face. I definitely know people will go back there year after year for sure we will!!!! We went for a relaxing 10 days break and we certainly got it, mostly thanks to the fantastic service we received in Le Roi.	
	Nice and Comfortable Accomodation	I was on a Business Trip earlier this month and got a chance to Stay in Hotel Le Roi.I was very glad with the level of service and Facillities this hotel provides.Besides A one Services this hostel is located in very comfortable location,I would ensure that for my next visit which is Due in January,I will like to again put up in this Hotel.Thanks Guys for Excellent Service	
Nov 25 2009 	One of The Best hotel expierience I have....	After exhausted day of touring colossal city of New Delhi was great experience to find retreat and refreshing in Le Roi Hotel. Atmosphere is so nice. Staff was very friendly and professional. Very clean hotel .I already recommended this place to my friends. Hope to be back next year..	
Nov 22 2009 	ExcellentFriendly- Atmosphere	I was on my business trip to Mauritius and India[ New Delhi ] in November 1st week. My all travel arrangement done by Trip Advisor. It was all good,thanks to Trip Advisor. Because I had a very good experienced at Hotel Le Roi-New Delhi during my stay, it was very comport,very clean &amp; tidy, best room service with respect.  Best regards to all staff at Hotel Le Roi-New Delhi.Gurinderjoingurinder@yahoo.co.uk	
Nov 17 2009 	Vibrancy- Luxury-Unlimited Enjoyment---Hotel Le Roi	This Hotel is situated in a very comfortable location,It is Less than 5 minutes walking Distance from New Delhi Railway Station.Hotel Rooms Speaks of Quality and Elegance.Thus Redefining Luxury and that too at Surprisingly Affordable Price.Le Roi provides the feel of a private Residence yet provides the service and Facillity of Modern Hospital.In Short Hotel Le Roi is dedicated to delighting the senses of every Guest.Promising extravagancy every Day	
Nov 17 2009 	Very good perfect location friendly staff	Le Roi is a brandnew hotel (sept 2009) in the middle of the crowded noisy touristic Paharganj area. It is an oasis! The best hotel in this area. It is quiet, modern, has the best soft beds we have had in India and a perfect warm shower. The rooms are very very good. And it is not too expensive, good value for money! Since it is a new hotel, not everything is perfect yet. The swimmingpool is not ready yet, parts of the hotel are stil under constuction and the staff is sometimes a little bit clumsy. (toiletpaper was removed several times, they forgot to clean the room, the key was blocked every day, breakfast buffet was almost empty). No problem for us, but we hope for future visitors that they improve these things the next months. If they do, this hotel will become very very popular!	
Nov 14 2009 	Great hotel great price great service	Found Hotel Le Roi on TripAdvisor and am very thankful, so I shall share my thoughts and experience.Stopping in for the night, I came in late on an international flight and driving towards the place I instantly started to think I may have made a booking mistake because the Pahar ganj at 3am is a pretty seedy place. However Le Roi stands out like a gem, the facility is very modern and hip, all the amenities a foreign traveler could want and expect. Only problem I faced was a slight connection error from my room to the internet. However the excellent customer friendly staff worked out my internet connectivity issue &amp; has gone above and beyond to help accommodate some of my last minute travel planning. All in all, great price, great hotel &amp; exceptional service.	
Nov 14 2009 	Bad Area and Average Hotel	I came to this hotel on the recommendation of TRIPADVISER but on thecontrary it was not that good, the location is very crowded. The roomservice is poor as they do not listen to us for older of food. It isaverage hotel.	
Nov 6 2009 	good place to go there	I 've been recently to new delhi and i found this new hotel &quot; le roi &quot; it's a very good hotel , with exccelent accomodation , good services and an exquissite cusine. My standards are quit high but i was excited by the services that they offer. The prices are good and also it's located in a nice area So if you stop in New Delhi i highly recomand you to go there .	
Nov 5 2009 	excellent	I had an excellent stay at hotel le roi, it was a clean and nice place, rooms were comfortables and the staff helpfull and nice, everything was very good there. The hotel has a very central location. I really recommend this hotel for any stay, business or holidays.Ps : the pool will be soon finished in this hotel so if you come there you'll have it probably!	
Oct 29 2009 	Newly openned	Newly opened in central Pahar Ganj. Which is right by the central railway station (ask for the imperial cinema and you'll walk past Le Roi) and in the main backbacker area. Until now I'm not aware of any other &quot;decent&quot; hotels around here. Which is a shame as it's the ideal area to stay in central Delhi. The Le Roi will probably be the first of many that follow suit. The area has the everything you need and excellent access to the main attractions in the city. The hotel itself stands out for the others in the area being larger although still relatively small(it would be classed boutique size in the UK) . You enter an impressive marble entrance hall. With its bar to the left and restaurant behind. The staff are excellent and show much eagerness to assist you with any problem. The rooms see no fall in standards from the entrance and are very modern with plenty of marble and dark wood with a slight euro/oriental theme. My room was large had a new flat screen tv (I had to take the wrapper off the remote) ,safe, internet, fridge etc. The bathroom was spacious, clean and modern. Their was next to no noise despite its central location and I had no problem getting a good nights sleep. As its new some of the facilites aren't yet working fully but the management were more happy to advertise this fact before I took a room. Overall an excellent hotel in the ideal location. I'd recommend highly for anyone visiting Delhi.	
	Find another place	The hotel is not very clean. Staff is ok. Near airport. Dining room ok. But I would suggest finding a 3 star hotel. An Indian friend made the reservation for our departure next am. Wished he would have gone for a better place.	
Sep 1 2009 	Good if you have an early morning flight	This hotel is very practically situated near the airports, so if you have an early flight (domestic or international), you won't have too much trouble. In fact, they will organize a taxi to the airport for you. The rooms are quite spacious and fairly well equipped. One negative point is that it can be quite noisy at night due to the traffic on the highway just outside the hotel.	
May 4 2009 	Great service	I booked this hotel through Makemytrip. It was a nice hotel, and specially recommended for people who are travelling through airlines, because it is close to both airports(Domestic &amp; International). It is also value for money and staff was cooperative and helpful. Condition of room was excellent(neat, clean &amp; tidy).	
Apr 22 2009 	Horrible hotel DO NOT STAY here	I read the reviews before I booked this hotel. There were a total of 4 reviews, 2 of them mentioned filthy sheets/stains. I was not sure and I took my chances since it was so close to the Dehli airport, and it was the true reason why I chose it. The bed sheets were in fact filthy and disgusting. We checked in the hotel around 11pm that night, and left very early the next morning to catch a flight from Dehli airport, so thankfully we only had to stay in this hotel for a few hours. Regardless, I couldn't get any sleep thinking how filthy the bed was. We asked for a change of sheets, and what they brought was as filthy as what was there before. When we started taking out the old sheet to put over the new ione, the amount of disgusting stains on the matress and bed padding was simply disgusting. I do not recommend you stay here if you want a clean place. I tend not to be very picky, but this was too much. The have made an effort to put a reception desk as if it is a really fancy hotel, don't be fooled by it, the rooms are not good, and they smell. You are better off in any other hotel	
Mar 7 2009 	This hotel is terrible	There were blood and other unknown stains on the sheets, bugs on the floor, and neither the hot water nor the heater worked--this was an issue because it was very cold at night and the window was ajar due to the window cooling unit. After a complaint to the front desk the hot water in the bathroom sink began to work, but not in the shower so we had to use the dipping bucked to transfer water to the shower to take a ladle shower. This is a terrible hotel--you would be better off at some hostels.	
Jan 27 2009 	Nearby the airport	If you want a base near the airport and don’t mind sleeping in filthy sheet’s this hotel maybe will be a good choice. The hotel is pretty good located if you have an early morning flight. It’s only a few minutes with taxi to the International and National Airport. The rooms are well-sized, the beds ok, but staying their in the winter is extremely cold and draughty (no heater). Indeed it is a budget, 3-star hotel but still you expect it to be clean and tidy. The hotel is simply not well-managed!The good thing was that the staff was very friendly and helpful.	
Jun 5 2008 	Good value. Great airport location. Wonderful staff.	I felt the Lohias represented a good value. Adequate air conditioning, clean, hot water shower, accommodating and pleasant staff that went out of its way to help me.It's a budget hotel, so I wasn't expecting luxury, and was not disappointed.Decent restaurant, but don't expect meat w/ your breakfast!! (Same for other nearby restaurants.)The hotel is on a highway that runs along the airport, but is about an 8-minute ride from/to the terminal. Lohias is located amongst a strip of mostly budget hotels along a major road, with an intriguing neighborhood behind it through which I enjoyed strolling.Admittedly, there were problems with the hotel. The first room didn't have the hot water it was supposed to have, but staff promptly upgraded me from a Deluxe to a Suite, for no extra charge.The suite was quite spacious. I experienced a hot-water problem, but staff quickly fixed it. Great A/C and overhead fan actually made the room COLD until I adjusted it.Yes, I would absolutely stay there again if I were looking for a reasonably priced hotel near the airport.	
Mar 22 2008 	Reasonably priced and convenient for the airport.	The Lohias has seen better days, but in a city full of grubby and overpriced flea-pits it is a pretty good choice for an overnight if you are arriving or departing from the airport at an inconvenient hour. The room was quite big, clean by Indian standards, and there was hot water in the shower, although the &quot;inclusive breakfast&quot; was so pathetic it was barely worth eating. The reception staff were friendly and welcoming even in the middle of the night when we arrived, but beware of their pre-paid taxi fares - a taxi to Central New Delhi should only cost about 200 rupees from here. You can make a credit card reservation for it on www.travelguru.com.	
Nov 14 2009 	Use as a last resort---	Some pros and some cons. No hot water. Beds and room okay, but bathroom not so clean. Three agressive bell boys insisted on helping with our two bags upon jet-lagged arrival and all wanting tips. Had trouble with AC. Breakfast adequate. Desk staff helpful. Don't stay here unless you have to. Not a good experience.	
Aug 14 2009 	Excellent triporganizer!	Me and my husband stayed here by a coincidence for two nights in august 2009. The hotel is situated on a good location, not far from anything if you have a driver (we had one through the hotel) or if you use the three wheelers. The staff was very helpful and friendly! We also got to know the hotel owner; mr. Naresh (Pintoo) when we wanted to book train tickets for Agra. The whole thing ended with him advising and organize a 13 day trip through Rajasthan with car, driver, hotels ,and guides in some of the cities. We got to see much more of India then we would have expected to see, which we are very grateful for. Our driver Kashmira was an excellent driver and a good and helpful friend through our journey. We would absolutely recommend this hotel and triporganizer to everyone who wants to see more of India!	
Jun 26 2009	Trip was great!	The hotel Madonna as well a the other tours and services offered were fantastic. I travelled with my mother who is a very nervous and picky travellor and even she liked it. The hotel is clean the staff is somewhat efficiant and they all want to make your stay as happy as possible. It is highly recommended for a comfortable and easy stay in New Dehli!	
Jun 15 2009 	Perfect week good service and very friendly	picp-up from the airport by an excellent driver directly to the hotel. Very good welcome in a nice hotel. Direct communication with the owner wich can tell you a lot about india. If wanted he can arrange for fixed prices day trips and you'll be treated like his guest all the way. For people that do not like to arrange to much from home you can trust this hotel to arrange reliable transport (best driver DEEPAK!), hotel stayings and sightseeing. Me and one other friend that really did not have any expectations in advance are very happy to have booked this hotel almost randomly. It turned out to be one of the best choices we could have made. We have visited india for just one short week and we have seen so much, Delhi, Jaipur and Agra really are incredible!	
Jun 11 2009 	Modest rooms great staff!	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Madonna on three separate occasions while traveling between other cities in India. We really liked the night manager, Tripathi and our taxi driver, Kashmira. They were fantastic and generous and made our stay a very nice one. I must say that the hotel is a modest one and we chose it because I thought it was close to the airport, but it is at least 30 minutes away. They do offer a free pick up from the airport and free breakfast which is made to order and delivered to the room! The rooms are clean and comfortable and the staff could not be nicer. They became our friends.	
Jun 10 2009 	Excellent stay with affordable rates	Found staff and owner, Mr Naresh, to be very helpful and really enjoyed the tour organised by the hotel to Agra and Jaipur. Will definitely recommend.	
Apr 27 2009 	good hotel for the money	stayed for 2 nights whilst we did the taj and delhi sightseeingthe hotel arranged for our pick up at airport everything went very smoothlywe did tours thro the hotel and they were worth every penny driver was excellentonly problem not many places to eat around the hotel but we found a little veg restaurant up the road and had a superb thali for £1 hotel restaurant ........... well its not arestaurant really they fetch food in at least we can now say we have had the ultimate indian takeaway lol it seemed odd while sat waiting for your meal to see a man run in with a carrier bag food was good but a long wait whilst they fetch it from wherever all the staff were helpful especially the managerwe upgraded to a luxury room it was large and clean but not luxurious but it did the hob ti was supposed to	
Apr 25 2009 	Affordable honest and friendly	We had a wonderful time here thanks to Mr. Naresh who provided us excellent services, being very professional and a nice human being making us feel like at home.George &amp; Helene Lazar	
Feb 28 2009 	Cheap Clean and central hotel	This hotel was a good clean hotel right in good location to the main attractions of Dehli. The staff were brilliant and very helpful and polite. The price was very reasonable. I would stay here again on my return to Dehli.	
Jan 19 2009	Naresh (owner) gets rave review	The hotel car and driver (complimentary) was waiting for us at the airport complete with sign. Naresh also arranged the same car and driver for our tours of Delhi, and Agra over the next two days. Puri, the driver, is probably the best driver in all of India, plus he also was very knowlegeable, and professional. Puri (on his own time) at the end of a long day chauffeured us to a great restaurant.We also appreciated Naresh's friendship in offering his office and computer to us at anytime so we could try to find our missing luggage as well as track our cruise ship which could no longer come into Mumbai because of the attacks.We found the hotel staff to be very friendly and helpful. The beds are king size, and the room was clean. We always had hot water and air conditioning.Thanks again Naresh and Puri.Teddy and Ed from Edmonton, Alberta, Canada	
Jan 5 2009 	It had its ups and downs	Well our stay was decent. When we arrived at the hotel they told us to go here so we got cab and arrived at the hotel. When we arrived they said were out of triples sp we will upgrade you to a suite, so we thought great,we got a suite. It turns out the room was so-so, with a refrigerator, hot showers. At night there was a lot of street noise and one mourning outside our hotel there was a parade at 6 a.m. All these things we tolerated but when we went down to ask for towels they said &quot;we'll bring them to you&quot; so they could get a tip and one guy just sat outside our door until he got one. The location is so-so and it's really near anything. They did have wi-fi (not in room), cable tv, and by the way the restraunt sucks, when we ordered they ran out and got from a different restraunt! Overall you can find a better place, us this as a last resort	
Jan 4 2009 	Smashed it :-)	Had a brilliant stay the hotel was comfortable and clean and provided everything we needed including a brilliant sightseeing tour of Dehli and then the key highlights of Rajasthan. The staff were the best and had a warm personnality.Again this was awesome so much so we stayed there once we returned from our Rajasthan tour. The location is spot on in the right part of town close to the sights and the conveinence of the ATM's, Banks, Shops ... thoroughly recommend this hotel when staying in Delhi.	
Dec 2 2008 	Great Place to Stay	We where referred to the hotel by the tourist desk on arrival in Delhi Airport. At the hotel we warmly welcomed by the staff and interacted directly with the owners. This personal touch led us to plan trips to the mountains in the North and the desert area South. We obviously use the hotel as our base stay for all the travelling done and really enjoyed coming &quot;home&quot; after the long trips away. The hotel is rmarkable in its hospitality and caring attitude of all staff and management, especially that we do not speak or understand any local languages. The rooms are well appointed and comfortable. Being fussy about ablution facilities we felt very at home in the neat and superb facilties. The hotel is ideally situated to travel in and around Delhi as well as a good departure point that does not get too involved in the hustle and bustle of the traffic congestions. I would definitely refer this hotel to travellers in Delhi and as a planning point for all tours. The hotel also operates a tour company with well mannered drivers who know the routes adn advise about places to visit and purchase gifts etc. I would definitely use this hotel in the future, it is also competitively priced.	
Nov 20 2008 	Highly Recommended	My wife and I just returned from a trip to India which started and ended at Hotel Madonna. The hotel, especially our rooms, were clean and fairly quiet, but what we liked the most about the place was the staff, who were not only helpful but genuinely friendly. The owner, Mr. Naresh Bhattia, was also able to provide advice and services for travel in his part of the country, which for us meant Agra, Jaipur and Pushkar. He set us up with a superb and resourceful driver who also turned out to be a great traveling companion and a kind of bridge to the India we otherwise might never have seen, and the hotels he booked were at least on a par with Madonna, and in the case of Pushkar, a real gem. All the foregoing at reasonable rates. So we don't hesitate to recommend Hotel Madonna and its wonderful cast of characters, starting with Mr. Bhattia, through Mr. Singh at the night desk and Protap Singh, our driver and friend. Mr. Bhattia also booked our flight from Delhi to Kerala which turned out cheaper than booking it directly from the US.	
Nov 13 2008	Loved it	The Hotel was nice and clean. The services were excellent. People were very helpful, when you need something the were always there.The only thing need to be upgraded is the shower. Otherwise we were very happy to stay at this Hotel. The train is nearby the hotel and very nice to ride in. The Hotel had tour trip if you want to see other part of New Delhi. The Hotel provided us the tour pkg. which included the car and the driver to Jaipur and Agra to Taj Mahal. The Hotel on the way was excellent. We had no problem at all, everything were arranged very well. The own of the Hotel was very helpful. We didn't have to do anything even when were were in the city he gave us the car to tour the city. Tourist from Canada Nov/2008	
Nov 10 2008 	Hotel Madonna a good choice	The Hotel Madonna for a mid-range Delhi hotel is in my experience a good choice, with very helpful and friendly staff.This is the second time I have stayed here. I was again picked up from the airport free of charge at 03:00 in the morning - very efficient.My previous complaint about having no wireless internet is no more, as this is now also a free-of-charge feature of the hotel. The manager even has a spare GSM card for emergency guest use, should the connection fail (which it did not do during my six day stay).Importantly the hotel is just 10 minutes walk from the metro and 5 stops from the station Rajiv Chowk/Connaught Place, which means that one can get around easily.Frank	
Nov 7 2008	Avoid	We booked our stay at Hotel Madonna through Expedia, prior to consulting a print travel guide on India. The lobby is just as pictured, but the room we were given was nothing like those on the websites. The room was adequate, but definitely NOT worth the price. The surrounding area is far removed from many tourist sites, and not really an area you want to explore on foot. We asked about the complimentary internet access, but the hotel staff were unable to get their computer running Windows 95 to work--they just kept checking the cables and turning it off and on. There are much better places to stay in Delhi. Avoid the Hotel Madonna as it is overpriced and not in a desirable location.	
Oct 30 2008	Lucky to know	I am a customer since last three years for the hotel madonna, the first time I visted india I was not familiar with india. I was along with my wife and were in India for her treatment purpose. i was worry how the hotel will be and how it could treat us?Realy the hotel owner Mr. Narish was a very open mind and nice person. Apart from the hotel was clean and all the people were working were so polite the owner was alwayse asking if we need his help in travel inside India and was arranging the trip outside Delhi on very comportable price.After we visited Delhi for four time, and it became for us like our own house, or house for our friend.	
Oct 25 2008 	Great hospitality!	We stayed in Hotel Madonna for the major part of our stay in India. In between, we made a trip to Jaipur and Agra organised by the hotel. It was a great trip, very friendly driver and very good guides!The hotel looks very good, nice clean rooms and good facilities. Breakfast at any time, and close to the metro and central places in Delhi.The owner is very friendly and really made us feel at home here, arranging whatever we wanted in no time. Thank you for the great time we had in India!	
Oct 20 2008 	Loved the maddona	We were warmly greeted at the airport,by hotel driver no charge.,Taken directly to hotel. Greeted by Mr.Singht at the hotel manager, asked if I wanted dinner and after a 24 hr. flight those were the words I wanted to hear. After dinner was escorted by the bellman [Sanjay] to my room which was immaculate and very clean with all western amenities including A.C. Staff was very accomodating any requests I had were fufilled,even when I left hotel I was offered a hotel business card, Staff was always concerned and wanted to make sure I always knew the way back.I had the pleasure to meet the owner Mr.Pinto who was truly a gentlemen and even sat down with me to to show the city center and directions to the popular places in town. Many Thanks to the staff at Hotel Maddona	
Sep 24 2008 	Dont Book Here!!!	We had contacted the hotel a few days before, that we would need to be picked up from the trainstation at 10.30pm. We had done this as we wanted to be safe and the hotel ensured us this would not be a problem!! Once we arrived and 45 minutes of waiting and on the phone the hotel told us to get any taxi and they would cover the cost. Once we finally arrived at the hotel, the manager who was very rude proceeded to argue with the taxi driver and try to get us to pay. He tried to do the same the following morning when wanting to check out. By now all we wanted to do was go to bed. When we finally got to the room it was horrible!!! Large ants all over the floor, dirty bathroom, no towels and rubbish in all the corridors. Couldnt wait to get out of there!!!	
Aug 20 2008 	Excellent inexpensive clean and friendly	I was coming to India on a business trip (it was my first time in India). Before the trip I started to look for the accommodation in New Delhi and discovered that the choice was basically between very expensive five star hotels and one star hostels/hotels. Nothing in between. I could not find anything that would match European 3-4 star standard and price range. Additionally, I planned to take couple of days off in India and see the country. So I needed a private tourist programme arranged by the hotel. I almost gave up on finding something for reasonable money when a colleague recommended me Hotel Madonna. I staid in Hotel Madonna and was very happy with the choice. I also sent there couple of my colleagues from Brussels who were equaly happy with the price, quality, service. We all had a very good experience with Hotel Madonna. The hotel arranged the accommodation, airport transfer (I was arriving in the middle of the night to New Delhi from Europe and the flight had a 3-hour delay, nevertheless someone was still waiting for me at the airport to bring to the hotel), the hotel also arranged my tour programme with the personal driver and a tour guide. I had most of my meals in the hotel. The accommodation was of good European 3-4 star standard. All the above was provided for very reasonable money. I would certainly recommend Hotel Madonna and will be back there again!	
Aug 15 2008 	not clean	Just kept seeing cockroaches.	
Jun 8 2008 	Unpleasant stay	Rooms were dirty, staff was unfriendly. I know I shouldn't expect much but it didn't fulfill the lowest standards.	
Apr 7 2008 	Hmmmm	We booked this hotel not knowing much about Delhi. It turned out to be quite expensive for what we got although the location was pretty good, very noisy street, but where isn't in India. The rooms have carpet which is filthy and quite frankly carpet anywhere in India is a bad idea. Staff were friendly enough, the breakfast staff had very limited english and the breakfast was very average......I don't think I would stay here again	
Feb 18 2008	loved the complimentary cookies	was picked up at the airport and taken to the hotel...delightful!!Check-in was quick and easy. The owner was in thelobby..a nice gentleman. He made arrangements fora car to take us to Agra..the charge for the hire wasnot bad. The driver was very nice and helpful. Enjoyedthe complimentary cookies every evening!Would certainly visit again.	
Feb 17 2008 	Great hotel in ideal location.	Hotel Madonna in Delhi was very convenient to all Delhi landmarks. The hotel staff were great, literally waited on us hand and foot and arranged all our trips, which included Agra and Delhi sights. We made a comment about the great biscuits we found in our room each evening after returning and the evening prior to our departure the owner send us two boxes of biscuits each, that was six boxes for three people, i was impressed!	
Jan 9 2008 	What a DUMP!	Arrived in middle of night by taxi, very expensive rider, operator did not have reservation, put us up in room, dirtY, smelly, slept on top of bed as someone had already slept on sheets. Had help with luggage, but would not leave until tipped and tipped well!Bathroom was very small, you could, sh_t, shave, shower all in one position as you could not do anything else! Supplies were limited to a little toilet paper, no soap, one wet towel.Checked out early, they do not take credit cards...what we were told, only cash...I paid $60 and friend paid $100 only bills we had on hand.In very bad area.....STAY AWAY!	
Jan 3 2008 	Great friends there!	The staying was nice; it was a clean place. But especially, Naresh, the owner, is a greatly wonderfull friend that made our days in Delhi a safe, really nice trip.	
Jan 1 2008 	Not a place to recommend	The Madonna hotel was reserved for us by a travel agent, reputedly a 3* hotel. We arrived late at night (2am) and there were thankfully people awake. Two guys brought our bags up, and stayed in the room until they were tipped. I had only INR 100, but as the porter said, &quot;that is a small tip, 500 is a large tip&quot;.. Well, indeed, 100 is the most i ever tipped in India, and definitely way to much.The rooms were a bit grungy, the bathroom definitely a mess, although the shower was allright (warm water wise). The beds very very hard, and the rooms incredibly noisy. I must say i feel bad for those people trying to sleep when we arrived. Breakfast was included, but they first tried to get us to pay for the breakfast, when i pointed to the fact that it was included, they withdrew the bill. The breakfast we got was not that well, plain toast, en egg, with a lot of water it seemed.Definitely not something i would every recommend to anyone arriving in Delhi.Especially bad marks for the rude, and very tip minded staf. We had left our passports at the reception to copy, the next morning at 7:00 i was woken by the reception on the phone, that they needed our passports (we had arrived at 3 am)..... After reminder that they already had the passports, nothing more was heard.	
Dec 19 2007 	no way! overpriced. trip advisor no help with Delhi	no no no. boo.true: this hotel is adequate, kind of...but at 100$ a night, you're paying 3-4x what you would for similar quality in Paharganj. (!)staying here means you burn cash for a decent hotel in a pretty rotten neighborhood.Delhi is tricky -- i've stayed in 8 hotels here at the budget level, and TripAdvisor (which was invaluable in Kyoto and saved my life in Beijing) was useless. LonelyPlanet came a lot closer to helping.You can get a decent room, with some work for 30$ a night in Paharganj, which is more central than the madonna. The madonna staff wasn't particularly friendly -- and when they gave travel advice, you couldn't help feeling like they were scamming you (a pretty constant feeling in delhi, where everything is barter -- it gets old). (The madonna staff was always trying to discourage you from talking to others about your travel needs)Delhi on a budget is tricky -- but it can be done -- and location is pretty important (you won't be spending much time in your hotel room, anyway...) Noise and smell are the two things to be wary of in a delhi hotel room -- the madonna had both. a sweage smell (not as bad as some others i've stayed in) - and the constant din from the street. i've stayed in worse (though for a fifth of the cost! 20$ a night) -- and i've stayed in places where the doors are thin and you can hear the staff talking all night (oddly common experience in Delhi)But buyer beware -- just because TripAd has no reasonable options for delhi (isn't india supposed to be cheap?) doesn't mean they don't exist. Look elsewhere for the deal and the inside info. LonelyPlanet's a good bet.	
Dec 19 2007 	Clean 	Stayed at the Hotel Madonna, ideal location to see the real Delhi. It is a clean and safe hotel by Delhi standards and the food was acceptable. The hotel is located near the the metro which is a great service, and at a very low cost, about 10 mins walk from the hotel. Regarding the hotel clean sheets and towels provided every day. Try the marsala omelette which is very tasty also the beer is chilled and very welcome after a day saying no to helpful people!!! who approach you in connaught place . Helpful staff but please have small change when you first arrive as my friend and | both got caught out , a tip of less than 100 rupees is probably more than enough for carrying your bags to the room.Noise is a major factor please bring ear plugs or you will get no sleep. Certainly not a tourist hotel.	
Nov 20 2007	A decent Delhi hotel	A decent Delhi hotel at a reasonable price. Clean and comfortable. Near the Metro (5-10 minute walk) so accessible to much of Delhi. In a lively neighborhood with shopping opportunities all around. Just two doors down from a fast and inexpensive internet cafe. The staff was helpful but not friendly. Also not particularly attentive: they took my passport when I arrived but failed to return it when I checked out costing me an hour (could have been worse if I hadn’t remembered). Breakfasts were good and the one dinner I had was very good.	
Aug 18 2007 	New Delhi Experience	Found this hotel through contact at Delhi airport and what a wonderful experience it turned out to be. The rooms were very comfortable and service excellent. We were also able to avail ourselves of the excellent service of Naresh Bhatia in organising a driver toshow us the sights of Delhi and a tour of Agra and Rajasthan for 12 days where his knowledge is second to none through his experience of booking everything including private taxi, knowledgable driver Ramesh and city guides who ensured that we ha athoroughly wonderful time. We then travelled back to Delhi and stayed at Hotel Madonna before going on to Amritsar where yet again the service provided was excellent through organisation of flights and trains including pickups to hotels etc... After this marvellous experience we returned to Madonna to conclude our stay before returning to Goa. We would definitely recommend this hotel and the services of Naresh wishing to have an excellent visit to Delhi and further afield.	
Jul 4 2007 	Our Great base in Delhi	At the end of June my partner and I returned from a once in a lifetime trip to India. Our first and final 2 nights were spent in Delhi were we stayed at the Hotel Madonna. As we had been warned it would be difficult to find good hotels in Delhi (not including the luxury ones), we struggled to find an option of hotels in Delhi which we felt comfortable with and within our price range. We finally settled for the Hotel Madonna, which looked okay on the web. Upon arrival, at about 2am in the morning we were warmly welcomed by the night manager and 2 people assisted with our bags. Although we booked a 'Luxury Deluxe' room and were really a bit worried about what to expect , however we were very happy with our room. It was a good size, bright, and most importantly clean. We also had airconditning, fridge and International TV channels. Also in it's favour, we found it convenient travel to all the sites we wanted to see. Staff were always friendly and nothing was ever too much trouble. And after we spent 10 days travelling to other parts of India we returned and it was nice to come back to the Madonna for our last 2 days!	
May 26 2007 	Nothing to write home about	We recently stayed at this hotel for 4 seperate nights having made the reservations in advance.The hotel room itself seemed clean and bug free, although the sheets were very stained. The bathroom smelt rather musty, although again itdid look quite clean. Both toilet paper and towels were both in shortsupply, with just one handtowel supplied (on one occassion this clearly hadn't been changed as it was dirty and wet!),On the upside, the owner or manager (I didn't quite catch which) was very helpful and provided us with a map of Delhi, ran through some ofthe key attractions and directed us to the nearby subway. Other staffwere also attentive, ringing to ask if you needed any drinks bringingetc. On the downside, the constant attempts to overcharge room service etcwas very wearing and the cost of taxis booked through the hotel was extortionate (at about 5 times the cost of getting one directlly off the street without any bartering!). If you do stay here check your bills very carefully and use either the nearby subway or taxi rank at the end of the road (out of the hotel and turn left and walk straight to the end of the street) for transport.	
May 25 2007 	Didn't like it	We went in expecting the &quot;unexpected&quot; given the mixed reviews, so we brought our own sheets and towels, which came in very handy, as their sheets were dirty and our towels were much better.The hotel in general is clean, the restaurant underground does have an odor and the helpers are very nice. The location is not too bad, 4 blocks away from subway/metro station. Keep in mind that the metro/subway itself doesn't cover much of Delhi.Our experience:Upon arrival, after a 13 hour flight, the front desk guy was very welcoming, already concerned with our next-day plan's.We saw a couple of people walking in with a bottle of mineral water, and we figured we leave everything in the room and go get some of our own. On the way out, again, the receptionist asked about our plans for the next day. We walked just down the street (to the right), which has a beat up sidewalk, which is taken by some vendors anyway, and found a little tour store, which we used for just about everything. Read on for why:The next morning, again same thing, but we were firm and just said we wanted to explore by foot, which is okay, but you can't really get to many monuments by subway/metro (I don't recommend bus). At night, we decided to take a driver from the ever so concerned receptionist to go to dinner, at the Intercontinental, he charged us 400 rupees, to be paid when we checked out.Two problems there, first they way overcharged us, so we used the office listed above, and during check out they tried VERY hard to up that charge even more. So, between spending $65 per night here and $85-$90 at other places close to Connaught Place, don't bother trying to save the extra few bucks.Pictures to come...	
Apr 7 2007 	A very god place to stay in Delhi	A very good hotel in Delhi, with clean rooms,excellent service, friendly and helpful staff. The hotel manager, Mr. Bathia was so friendly top arrange for usn a wo9nderful trip to Agra Pushkar and Jaipur, offering us for the best price hoytels of good standards and also helping us with the transport along all my stay. i can only recomand this hotel to all who will need a stay in Delhi.	
Apr 6 2007	Cool decorations but loud with pesky staff	We found this place via their website, which makes it look like a fairly hip, jazzy location. While the exterior decor is in fact cool, Hotel Madonna disappointed on many levels. Overstaffing in India is common (to provide jobs), but every time we came and went, a different guy grabbed each bag - meaning four separate tips. On one instance, I didn't have anything small to tip one of the porters (who was also in charge of delivering toilet paper), so I told him I'd tip him later; guess who ran out of TP?The location is out of the way and the neighborhood is truly India - loud all the time, with plenty of honking to keep you awake at night. Compared to the place we stayed in Bombay (thicker walls), this was like sleeping in a rock concert. The bed was uncomfortable, the bathroom was fairly grungy. They do have an internet connection, but speeds are at 1992 levels. They threw in free breakfast (mediocre) and set up some a driver for the day who repeatedly lied to us and took us to &quot;the only open restaurants&quot; in Delhi until we made him take us to one out of the guidebook that was magically open as well.Bear in mind, we stayed here after three weeks in India, so we were getting pretty sick of the tourist exploitation that goes on there. Still, you can do a lot better than the Hotel Madonna - we did everywhere else we stayed in India.	
Mar 30 2007 	My first contact with India.	I was in Delhi last year, my first time in India. I was a little bit afraid going alone but when I arrived at the aerport a guy from the hotel was waiting for me and brought me to the hotel, at that hour and in a strange city very pleasant. The owner, Mr. Pintoo helped me the first days, learned me more about India and what to do and NOT to do. Leaving Delhi, he helped me to reach every place I wanted to visit. The hotel is located near the metro, so very usefull to see the city. I'm going back in a few months, can't wait!Bernard	
Mar 27 2007 	A wonderful place to stay in Delhi	One year ago I was taled about the hotel, last year I came to Delhi and stayed in this hotle. The hotel hostility was really wonderful and I decided to come back with my wife. So this time I came with my wife and Mr. Pitoo arrange a womderful trip to Jaipur and Agra and really my wife and I enjoyed our stay. The hotle is locted colesed to the market place and suitable to go for site seeing. The evey important thing about this hotle is that it's very clean and the staff are so kind to the guests.Thank you so much for evey thing, India will be our second home after Ethiopia.	
Mar 4 2007 	Not bad	Delhi is a pretty hard place to get accomodations under $100 that are reasonable. Considering this, Hotel Madonna is not so bad, at $81 including taxes and breakfast. They were honest with us, and the manager (Naresh) was very good at making reasonably-priced car and travel arrangements for us. The area is also nice, as there aren't many tourists around to attract touts &amp; beggars, and there are plenty of ATMs and shops (bottled water, cell phone SIM cards, etc...). They picked us up from the airport as arranged, even though our flight was delayed by 6 hours and arrived at 4 AM.The downsides? Not the cleanest hotel we ever stayed in. Street noise can be very loud (Indian street noise is a whole different level than the west...). We had to call reception every day for towels and more toilet paper. Restaurant is best avoided.	
Feb 28 2007 	Do not stay here!	Everything started out OK - phoned the hotel ahead of time, got a rate in USD ($92) and arranged a hotel pick-up, which was there when I arrived. The people were nice enough, but I got the sense that they would try to deceive me. Sure enough, at check-out time, they attempted to overcharge me. Once I pointed out the mistake, they quickly rectified it.The breakfast is included, but nothing special. The dining room is subterranean and smelly. The room was clean, but very basic, and my bathroom had a direct opening to the outside and during the night when I got up to use the bathroom, there was a *bird* inside my bathroom - nearly scared the life out of me!There is a dearth of good midrange hotel rooms in Delhi. Try the India Habitat Centre if you can find someone with a membership.This hotel is not up to western standards, and should be avoided if at all possible.	
Feb 20 2007	Good value modern hotel	Having read a number of reviews of Delhi hotels all had some negative aspect, be it dated rooms, moody staff, poor location or poor value. The tripadvisor reviews for this hotel seemed okay so we booked this for 4 nights via internet.Other than being an autorickshaw ride away from the centre (3-4km) and with no real restaurant alternative in the imediate vicinity we were very pleased with the hotel, the rooms were clean and well equiped with modern matching furniture, everything worked including the tv reception which was a first for India in several weeks of traveling. The hotel has a small restaurant and the food is okay and reasonably priced. Also the hotel was 500R+ cheaper than poorer sounding alternatives in Connaught Place.Overall we were happy with the hotel, the money saved more than covered the costs of autorickshaws into town. Also Karol Bagh market area, wih indian and western restaurants, is only 10 minutes walk, as is the metro station that provides a pleasant alternative to bargaining fares with rickshaw drivers and gives direct access to Red Fort, New Delhi Station and Connaught Place.	
Feb 20 2007	cheap budget hotel	The hotel was good but the restaurant was of poor standard every time you entered it smelt really bad; hygine was not of top of the list. However tour organiser was good and we enjoyed the tour. our room was clean but basic. If you do visit delhi be aware of profit making scandles your guide and taxi driver are usually in to make some money.We came across this when our guide would not let us go where we wanted to go and kept taking us places he wanted and forcing us to buy things that we did not want buy.	
Feb 7 2007	Very good mid-range option	Service was excellent and the owner, Naresh, was very helpful. Very good in this rare mid-range category in Delhi. The location is by Karol Bagh station, which is convenient to get to various places (Old Delhi, Connaught Pl., etc.). Room was very clean, but if you can you should try and get a room in the back as there is noise on the rooms facing the street (also I was on the first floor).	
Jan 15 2007 	decent mid range option	There is a lack of mid-range hotels in India, there seems to be only $20-$25 hotels and $200-$250 hotels. The Madonna is a fair attempt at a mid range option. Pleasant enough rooms, free (but slooow) Internet, complementary breakfast and the possibility of walking to a metro station are all positives. The hotel is under the same ownership as one 100m away which has a Sheraton type name (but is not part of the Intl group). The staff were friendly and helpful when I was unable to print out my Expedia voucher as I had made an error entering my email address. You get the same rather hard bed that I found elsewhere around Delhi. I was there in a cold spell in early January and the room was cold, the lack of a heater, the draught from the windows and intermittent hot water in the shower meant something of a cold welcome. However heat rather than cold would be the issue for most of the year.	
Jan 2 2009 	Sale bruyant et tres cher		
Sep 26 2007 	Angenehmer Aufenthalt		
Nov 26 2009 	Not Good	Stayed here for a total of three nights and didn't really have much say on where I stayed as it was booked as part of a package. I couldn't agree more with the second to last reviewer especially with regard to the moth ballsThe bathroom suite was black and the bath itself was peeling and a bit of a safety hazard. The toilet had one of those &quot;sanitized for you convenience&quot; labels on it which was a joke as it was not clean. The shower curtain was filthy. The rest of the room was adequate but I didn't feel it was all that clean.Breakfast was OK.With regards to the new wing mentioned by the previous reviewer, I don't think this is being marketed as part of the Mehar as it looks from the photos in a completely different league.I would chose not to stay here in the future.	
Nov 18 2009 	Thumbs up	I was fortunate to be the very first customer of a new hotel wing associated with the Mehar Castle Hotel (same owner and overlapping management), just starting to operate as the JP Bed &amp; Breakfast Hotel in mid-Nov 09 (web page yet to come). The location is just adjacent to the Mehar Castle, on a side street near Ghaffar Market of Amjal Khan Road, in Karol Bagh. I can only recommend this hotel, which is all new, with relatively generous, classy, ensuite rooms, tiled flooring and modern style furniture with latest appliances (a/c, TV, ceiling fan, fridge, safety lockers, etc…), neat bathrooms etc. It also features a small dining room for customer use and is a very quiet hotel away from street noise. I would rate the room comfort as 3.5-4 stars, with reasonable cost (Rs2,500-3,500 range inc. pick-up and breakfast). The down sides? No power point by the desk (eg. for computer), no outside windows (the price of a quiet room…) and small lobby space. Room decoration was also yet to come. The new hotel staff have been very helpful and efficient, being proud of inaugurating their small new 5 room hotel wing - the food: so far, so very good. So thumbs up from me !	
Nov 3 2009 	sets the bar low	I'm not one to complain much, but as my first hotel in India, this really set the bar low, even though I wasn't expecting a lot. From the green slime covering the shower head, to the rot in the corners of the bathtub, to the mothballs scattered throughout the room, to the infernally noisy air conditioner...i don't know where to start. I'll start with the dead bugs i was picking out of my bed before i went to bed. And the noise that woke me up at 6am...it was daily street noise that felt like it was just on the other side of thin walls. Or maybe I'll start with the bed that felt like a plank of wood covered with a thin blanket? The cold shower is not something i would complain about since I didn't get it at 8 of the 9 hotels I stayed at. The area around the hotel is in the main shopping area of Karol Bagh. It's not the safest area to start out in, but you can get good bargains, and it's close to the metro. They offer free internet but it's really slow. The phone in the room is on a rotary dial system. On the bright side, the room was large, the hard bed turned out to be relatively comfortable, and room service was attentive, if not on the annoying side.	
Oct 22 2009 	an excellent location for stay..	Hotel provides good hospitality..we were provided with a family room which had two double beds..which was perfect for my wife and my two children. Good service,good food..	
Jan 24 2008 	A fairly decent hotel	My wife and I stayed in Room # 208 (Double Deluxe Room at INR 1690/night, as advertised on their web site).Location: within about 5 minutes' walk to Karol Bagh metro station. Plenty of street shops and vendors in the daytime.Quite a spacious room with sitting area, marble floors. Not spotlessly clean maybe, but quite decent. Hard mattresses, aircon working but wouldn't set to heating, though staff provided additional blankets on request. Still, as the draught was coming through the window we had to move our bed to the middle of the room every night and back every morning. Noise protection next to non-existent, so all door bangs and loud conversations in the corridor are heard very clearly, and so is the work in the street.No reading lights.Bathroom has definitely seen better days. There was hot water in the shower, though the pressure was barely adequate.Good staff. Excellent food – probably the best vegetable fried rice we had during our two-week trip.	
Oct 11 2009 	excellent stay in good price	I have stayed in many hotels in India, Metro Heights was the best of the hotel especially in karol bagh area.The staff is friendly ,the rooms were clean and well decoated with a big L.C.D. Bathrooms were neat and hot water in the showers is available.I have no hasseles in the hotel every time i have stayed here.The price they take is also not exorbitant.	
Aug 27 2009 	unreliable	the hotel provided a very uneven experience al round. Certainly there were some nice touches in the room, such as the beautifully carved bed, but it looked out on the interior service stairwell. The staff who actually did the work were lovely - but the management were dreadful and couldn't have cared less when we arrived back after travelling for 23 hours to find that, even though we were pre-paid, they'd put someone else in our room and we had nowjere to stay! After a huge row they transferred us to a scruffier sister property, closer to the market and with much more pleasant management. The Indian breakfast is great - don't even bother with the European one. I guess it all depends on what you want in a hotel - we're not after 5-star treatment, but some consistency would be a good start.	
May 31 2009 	clean and convenient	We were particularly happy with the convenient and central location Metro Heights had to offer us in delhi near the metro sation connecting to all parts of delhi .We reached Metro Heights at middle of the night and had our confirmed bookin so were checked in and found a decent accommodation in what we had paid ($70 usd).The next morning the buffett breakfast was well laid and was hot and were served eggs to order as well .We decided to continue our stay in the hotel instead of looking for another hotel in the area.The staff was proffessional and friendly.dont expect out of the way service..BUT WE DIDNT REGRET THE DECISION TO STAY AT METRO HEIGHTS.	
Jan 13 2009 	metro height was good value for money and safe	We booked the hotel through the website which looked quite attractive and were promised a pickup from airport.The pickup as promised was there and were taken to the hotel which took about 30 minutes. we were greeted at the reception nicely and were checked in . staright went to the bath room and had nice hot water shower( i was not sure i would get hot water )we were hungry so asked for food and was told that it is available 24 hours.The food took some time to come as we were ttold that it is cooked fresh.Food was not bad.Next morning we went to the restaurant serving breakfast somewhere down it was good set up and decent enough considering it was in the package as complimentary.MOST imp. Part of our stay was that the hotel was clean and safe for family.	
Jun 9 2008 	just about ok	We stayed at the Metro Heights as a part of an organised tour, so we had little info on the hotel beforehand. I wouldn't have booked the hotel if I had had any choice. On the other hand, the hotel wasn't the worst one we stayed in India, but that is not a lot. The room itself was reasonably clean (including the bathroom), and there was enough hot(tish) water, although the bathtub was cracked so that only showering was possible. However, the room (211 if I remember correctly) was quite basic and there was some noise from the street. There were no insects and the linen was clean, but I was also woken up in the middle of the night by an earbreaking buzzing noise when someone pressed the room doorbell for no reason.What I disliked the most was the staff. They were either absolutely indifferent to the needs and requests of their clients to the point of being rude or grovelingly polite in order to get a tip. No real service anywhere: you get things done if you ask, but no effort is made without you asking. The breakfast was a tired-looking buffet and the evening meal that we had there was not special in any way.The Karol Bagh area offers little for the tourist: all the sights and wonders of Delhi are at least a taxi ride away. In Karol Bagh, there is a bazaar and some shops, but overall nothing really interesting. It takes about 30 minutes in a moped-rickshaw to the Red Fort and slightly less to New Delhi (Connaught place).	
May 17 2008 	OK	We stayed at Hotel Metro Heights as part of an 'Intrepid' tour so had little choice in the booking of it. I think because we were part of a tour group we were reserved the worst rooms available!We stayed there at the start and end of our tour, although if we hadnt pre-booked as part of the tour we probably would have chosen not to go back.Our first room didnt have a window which struck us as a bit odd until we discovered that you have to pay extra for a window, even odder, never before had I considered windows as an unessential luxury! Although I guess one benefit of no window was that there were fewer traffic sounds to keep us awake. The second room we stayed in did have a window (after arguing with unhelpful staff) and was cleaner and larger but was next to the first floor office of the hotel so we were kept awake by the phone incessantly ringing and people shouting in the halls.All in all I think Hotel Metro Heights was fine but not great value for money, especially as it is out in Karol Bagh (not particularly central or interesting part of Delhi). The staff were largely unhelpful and the included breakfast left a lot to be desired. Cost approximately RS 2600 which I would say was daylight robbery for the level of service provided. If you shop around I'm sure you could get a lot more for your money.	
Jan 11 2008 	avoid at all cost even when in packagedeal.	This hotel, which offers room for 75 usd, but books through agents for only 20, we found to be a filthy dump. Any basic idea of hygiene is alien to them and on top of that not one staffmember is interested in the guest. Most rooms are mere cupboards with a bed, with no windows. Our first room, 208, was grimy to the hilt. Imagine a fan, black with soot, which splatters the fat dirt around your bathroom when turning. After a row and an intervention from our agent we moved to 106, which they 'cleaned' beforehand. Hot water is mostly off. Linen is dirty, the breakfastroom is disgusting as is the breakfast. We met groups of complaining people at all times of day. No sleep before 12pm, for the hotel is situated in the midst of the wholesale autotrade, hotelstaff starts banging around at 0530. Staff-sideentrance is open at all times, so no security at all on all floors.	
Dec 11 2007	Reception staff are awful	This must have the worst reception staff ever. You could have up to 7 behind the counter (doing nothing) and yet it seems too much trouble to even acknowledge that a customer is waiting to ask a question.The hotel rooms appear dark and uninviting. There are many hotels in Karol Bagh so just go to one of the others and check out the rooms. Avoid this place if possible.	
Dec 8 2007 	Returned later in trip and walked out.	We had stayed here earlier in our trip. At that time we were given the promised room, number 111. However we were showed two new rooms this time as 111 was taken. The two new rooms were bad compared to 111. One room had the smell of sewage. The front desk could not find us a comfortable room. The front desk again refused to provide air conditioning. We were disappointed in the take it or leave it attitude which is becoming more prevalent in New Delhi with the paucity of hotel rooms. We chose not to support this behavior by staying here again, and we moved next door to the Hotel Singh Sahib.	
Dec 3 2007 	Terrible	Looks O.K at the main desk, but rooms are very average.We had to stay here twice, at the start of our trip and at the end a few weeks later, as it was already pre-booked.23 days in India at various hotels, but this was the worst.Hotel staff are unfriendly, and un co-operative, especially towards females.Only stay here if you must or if it is part of you tour package.	
Nov 29 2007	not metro heights	Metro Heights.The ambience of a budget hotel but not a price to match.We walked into the foyer and thought this place looks ok, and that was as good as it got. Our room had water marks on the wall. The timber door frame in the bathroom was rotten and the air conditioner hardly worked.The day staff on the counter delivered a service that was akin to that of Faulty Towers where any request was received as an inconvenience. We asked for clean towels which arrived after 90 minutes and an additional request. A Request for an extra bed in the room took a couple of hours.  To actually get the attention of the staff was an exercise in patience where we had to wait for them to stop watching the telly in the lobby or to stop chatting to their friends who would often drop by for a social visit. The location in Carolbahg is now in the middle of a car services area where every second shop seems to specialise in car speakers or window tinting. The meals were OK. We had a couple of breakfasts and a dinner which weren't overly expensive.  The table cloths looked like the same ones that were on the table after we retuned from a fifteen day tour.	
Oct 27 2007	If you can afford book another hotel	Metro Heights is sort of best-you-can-get in the lower price range (up to $ 75) in Delhi. It is simple, has dark rooms (the one we had did not even have windows) and especially on the ground floor you hear a lot of noise from the reception. Beds are ok but short, bathroom is clean but nothing fancy. This is a hotel for just sleeping, not to spent time there. Breakfast consist of a number of hot Indian dishes, toast and coffee/tea. A number of Dutch travel groups use the hotel, I think because they can't find anything better in that price range too.	
Jan 17 2007	Poor service at the Metro	The Hotel Metro Heights, in Karolbagh, Delhi was our base in Delhi during our 3 week trip to India. This was my first trip to India, although my wife and her parents, whom we were travelling with, had visited before, so I kind of knew not to expect too much.The hotel itself is in a dusty busy side street some 15 minutes, by autorickshaw, from Connaught Place. It's within walking distance of the Karolbagh shopping areas, which is a bonus if you are into shopping.The rooms are okay. We stayed in three different rooms, on three different occassions as we were travelling and staying in other towns as well. The hotel kindly and safely kept a large number of our luggage that we did not require while travelling. The quality of the rooms vary. Some do not have bath tubs, while some do. Some are smaller than others. Generally the bathrooms and rooms are clean and tidy if not of the best quality.The problems:1) If you do not hand your key in when going out in the morning your room does not get made up!2) We were given damp pillow cases and towels the one night. The excuse being that due to it being winter, laundry does not dry!3) Breakfasts are appalling and is served in a dinghy basement that does not really encourage you to eat. We had requested a packed breakfast for one early morning start. Instead the hotel insisted that they would have a hot breakfast ready for us. This did not happen and we ended up eating just bread and a boiled egg.4) The overall service is just poor and they have to be pushed real hard to get anything done.5) Warm water is not hot water, a concept that this hotel just did not understand.6) The rooms can be quite noisy given it's location, there is a flyover quite close by. The staff are also noisy during their shift changes. They are also renovating some rooms and have a tendency to work till quite late unless you shout at the the night clerk.Stay here if you must but skip the breakfasts and be prepared for poor service.	
Dec 3 2006 	Good place to stay in Karol Bagh	The hotel is decently priced and closer to the main shopping strip in Karol Bagh; however, being a few blocks away ensures that the road noise is minimal.The Suites are around $75 including breakfast and are quite large. The service has been better than other hotels and when the internet access was not working, they called someone in on a Sunday to check it out.I would stay here again.	
Nov 26 2005	cheap and good for a night	We chose this place to be near the train station as we flew in at midnight and needed to catch a 7am train.the room was small but he A/c worked and the twin beds were clean and not too hard. The shower was not totally clean, but for our 5 hours, it was fine. Only problem was that we couldn't find the hallway lightswitch and it was dark trying to leave the hotel!Can't comment on the veiws or location, as we were too tired and it was our first night in India.Paid $40 for the double.	
Apr 10 2009	Dunkelkammer		
Feb 5 2006	Buen hotel para una corta estancia		
Aug 31 2009 	Please do not stay here	Liked most: Leaving!Liked least: Hard sell of tour/travel packagesWe only stayed for two nights, but wouldn't have stayed for any had we not already paid via the internet. If you're thinking of staying at this hotel, please don't. I just don't want anyone else to have the same experience as us.We arranged for transport from the airport which proved very useful, and the car driver was on time and very friendly. The hotel itself was down an alleyway, but I guess a lot of Delhi hotels are. The room was a good size, but even if the sheets and pillowcases had been cleaned, they certainly didn't look it. We ended up putting tshirts on the pillows before we dared lay our heads on them! The area is very noisy at night. We couldn't shut out the noise from outside as there was an air con unit fitted to the window - not that it worked, as the plug had been cut off. Inside the hotel was also very noisy with staff shouting to one another and music playing. Could also hear another hotel guest being very ill in the room upstairs... Yuk! Always seemed to be about 10 staff around, and except for the very smiley doorman, no-one seemed to do much unless they thought there was a good chance of a tip! On the first day, we asked reception for directions to the train station but he insisted on calling the manager. The manager arrived. Again, we asked directions. So when he led us outside and through the streets, we naively thought he was taking us there - no, he was taking us to the Mohan's sister hotel where he proceeded to 'hard sell' his tour packages. After an hour of explaining we weren't ready to buy anything, we left and he was obviously unhappy about it - not offering any help in locating the train station or even returning to the Mohan. We were now in an area completely unknown to us, in the middle of Delhi, on our first day there. To say this was a bit scary is an understatement, and just underlines how little the Mohan International thinks of their guests - perhaps people who do buy their travel packages get treated a lot better.Please don't stay here unless you know the area, don't mind the noise, are able to say 'no' very forcefully, and are completely financially unable to stay elsewhere. I honestly think the good reviews on tripadvisor must have been put up by the manager, employees or friends of the hotel because I can't imagine any other reason why people would recommend this hotel to others.Please don't stay here.	
Mar 31 2008 	Clean but Basic Hotel	We stayed at the Hotel Mohan International this month for one night and although the room was very basic it was clean. As other people mentioned in their reviews there were stains on the sheets and the fact that my friends had a man sleeping on the floor outside of their room was very weird. I would recommend this hotel for travellers on a budget as it was cheap and it was a good location. I wouldn't recommend the hotel to women travellers (as we were), as there were times when we felt quite uncomfortable.	
Jan 27 2008	Not worth it	Bottom line - don't stay here. It's totally over-priced, and there must be better hotels nearby. The guy who worked the front desk was horrendous - when I asked him for directions to a specific restaurant, he asked me why I didn't just order room service, and refused to help me. When I tried to book a taxi to the airport, he tried to charge me double what we paid on our way in. The hotel is very noisy, and the free &quot;breakfast&quot; was pretty disgusting.	
Nov 21 2007 	Not a very good hotel at all!	Stayed here for 3 days having booked on Expedia. It must have been decades since this hotel was last refurbished. The underside of the basin was covered in rust. Though the bedsheet you sleep on had been washed it still had old marks and stains on it. There are no bedsheetsto sleep under, just these rugs - not sure if they're washed regularlytoo.If you get a ground floor room don't expect to sleep until late! Noiseof buzzers (for people calling from their room) and voices through thelate evening and early the next morning make it very difficult.Oh, and they give the hard sell on getting you to visit their travel agent. We did and ended up getting a package but only after refusing some of the hotels he offered as Tripadvisor had some shocking reviewsfor one or two. The other hotels were good and having a driver for a week (which they offered) as well as having everything organised for you was actually really convenient so glad we did it. If your driver is a man called Mahender, you're lucky - he's really really lovely man- always cheery and got great advice!	
Jul 26 2007 	Avoid this dump !!!!!	Avoid this place - you may have seen in advertised on the STA website but I would guess that STA have not stayed here. It is a very basic hotel and the cleanliness leaves a lot to be desired. We paid 15 UK pounds per night as we wanted our first few nights accomodation sorted out before we arrived but with hindsight there are a lot of similar hotels in the area which are much cheaper if you just walk in off the street.The management also hassled us to try and get us to book tours through them and were very reluctant to accept NO for an answer.The only advantage to this place is its proximity to New Delhi Railway station but as I say there are many other hotels in the immediate area which offer better value for money.Get a Lonely Planet and make some phone calls.	
Oct 5 2006 	Worst hotel were we stayed!	First of all the airport pickup didn't show up. After calling several times he eventually did, but 2 hours late. Rooms in the hotel are reasonable, but the staff is horrible. The &quot;manager&quot; kept stalking me on the hotelroom phone about tours he wanted to sell, they staff didn't let me out of the hotel alone but were almost agressively pushy about arranging a city-tour. Even at 4 o'clock in the morning they were banging on the door and calling on the phone about tours. Very much noise at night. Left one night early because i couldn't stand it anymore. I'm used to budget travel, the rooms were OK but the rest made me want to run away! There are much better hotels in this area, sometimes even cheaper...	
May 20 2006	Total Scam Stay Away	What a scam. There are atleast 50 other similar hotels around this one and you don't need to book this online. If you are looking for this price range, simply get off the train at the main station, walk around, ask to look at the room and the bed sheets before you select one, BUT DON&quot;T GO WITH HOTEL MOHAN. Its dirty, noisy, expensive, and not worth the hassle. Front desk is not helpful. I got this hotel from another site and based on the listing, I figured it would be a reasonable place. But what a mistake. Like I said, if you are looking for that price range, simply walk around the area and check out the room before you buy.I asked for a driver and they gave me one that got us into an accident the same day. I asked for internet, and they had me driven to their sister location 10 minutes away when infact there were several places right down the road.	
Feb 8 2006	Shame on Hotel Club!!	I spent five weeks in India from Mid December till the end of January. Unfortunately, my first two nights were spent at this ridiculous excuse for a hotel. First of all, Hotel Club is absolutely LYING about their location indicating that they are located at Connaught Place where several five star hotels are located including the famous Imperial Hotel. In fact, this place is located at the MAIN TRAIN STATION area which is a full 8 minutes by TAXI and quite a dangerous area even in the daytime. I am a solo woman traveler in her 30's and did not appreciate this deception. Secondly, the price charged by Hotel Club (20 euros night) is OUTRAGEOUS for Delhi for a hotel of this type and shameful considering the condition. I checked other accomodation around this place and their prices for a single room with hot water, private toilette etc was in the $8-$12 range. Thirdly, the cleanliness factor was overlooked as the sheets were SMEARED with some dark substance I chose not to closely investigate and requested new sheets. The floor attendant graciously brought some but after I opened them I discovered that they too were dirty and never cleaned prior to being pressed. Thank goodness I had a sleep sheet packed and used that! Fourthly, the man who collects the dirty sheets in the morning would smoke marajuana every day and the elevator was full of the smoke. I am asthmatic so this was not amusing. Lastly, there was not even any heating (in December) and it was freezing and no hot water in the shower (in December). I stay in simple accomodation sometimes, but they are usually clean and pleasant. I sent Hotel Club a prompt review of this hotel and am shocked to see this HORRIFIC Place is still on offer to unsuspecting guests.	
Dec 9 2005	basic but clean and central	We ebooked in advance and arranged a car to meet us at the airport, a very good tip as you WILL be ripped off by taxi drivers, they can sense newcomers. the hotel was clean, the loos flushed and the shower/fan and a/c worked. On arrival we felt we were stuck down an alleyway in a seemingly grotty part of town. It turns out most of Delhi looks like this, it takes a bit of getting used to. Mohan is easy to find as it is directly behind the sheila cinema. we had no problem with the management, however, do not use the inhouse travel agent for taxi tours or car booking, we chose to use the ajanta hotels (200m away), even then we were advised to book from the company directly, as commission is charged by all operators involved. Also bring your own loo roll, although it can be bought from the shop/ std phone stall at the end of the street. I am sure we paid over the odds, but as i say it was worth it to avoid the hassle that you will get from touts, taxi drivers and 'helpful' strangers who want tipped for their advice.	
Apr 15 2009 	Un hôtel minable mais bien situé		
Nov 9 2009 	Awful	Yes its cheap, yes its close to the station, but its awful. was not under any illusions as to getting much for our money - wasn't expecting an amazing place for the price but i wish we had paid a little more and stayed somewhere better. The room was horrible, the bathroom was filthy - i did not wash while i was there, we arrived to find cigarette butts in the toilet, sheets where dirty, We also saw several cockroaches (although this isnt exactlyt unusual in Delhi) the tipping point came when we could hear buzzing in the room which we though to be the electricity or fan, so after turning them on and off afew times we were stumped as to what it could be; went to go back to sleep picked up my pillow to reveal 2 huge cockroaches underneath it. WRANK.	
Nov 2 2009 	Disgusting...	Dirty bathroom, fan was so loud that we cant sleep, dirty bed-clothes. We paid for pick up from airport and driver didnt want to show us where the hotel is without a big tip.	
Sep 29 2009 	hot hot hot	Hotel Namaskar has just 2 pluses: first - its really cheap (480 rupees per room for four people)second - has great locationThe other way is terriblle. Was really hot, fans are not enough, our room didnt have windows, bathrooms are owful. People are ok. Next time in New DElhi we will choose sth different.	
Jul 25 2009 	Budget stay at Namaskar	The airport pickup worked perfectly for the price of quite expensive 700Rps (and the driver wanted a big tip)The rooms were budget, no hot water, accordingly not perfectly clean rooms.The biggest issue was the extremely loud A/C, it was as loud as a lawnmower.The staff was friendly and we stay for the booked 3 nights.The location is ideal, and you get what you pay (budget rooms for a budget price).	
Mar 11 2009 	friendly staff hot water and a bed what more do you need?	I stayed at the Hotel Namaskar when I first arrived in India on the 25th January. I had arranged for their airport pickup, which was waiting as promised at the airport. The journey to the hotel was hair-raising to say the least, but then it was my first experience of Indian driving!On arriving at the bazaar, the car had to park a bit away due to the road being dug up, but the driver carried my bags to the hotel for me. I had a double room, clean and reasonably comfortable for 300 rupees a night. The toilet worked and the hot water was supplied by a boiler outside the room, which also worked. The staff were very friendly, the young Nepalese boys were great, and the other counter staff could not have been more helpful. The owner is a little intimidating, but once you get used to him he is actually quite nice. They searched online for me and found me a great flight price for my return from Goa. I stayed three nights before setting off on my travels around India. I returned for one night after flying back from Goa, prior to flying home the next day. Unfortunately the booking had been missed, but they did find me a room, not quite as good as the first but adequate for one night. Overall I felt very safe here, and it was a good introduction to India, I stayed in hotels that cost far more and provided less in other places!	
Mar 8 2009 	For Rs300 this is what you get	Good location close to New Delhi train station, friendly staff, 1 hot shower available if you ask, very basic rooms, bit run down. Personally I would pay extra Rs150 for a room with private bathroom, hot showers, new, clean &amp; comfortable at Hotel Gush or Rak International (neighbours).	
Feb 14 2009 	Hotel Namaskar - No Thanks	I recently booked a room at hotel Namaskar and arrived around 7 am. By the time I arrived at the hotel, the door was locked. The rickshaw operator knocked on the door and was told that the hotel was booked. I waited around for a few minutes and then called the hotel while standing outside the door. After wasting about 5 minutes on the phone while looking at the guy I was talking to, he finally let me in the door.Even though I booked the room online and got a confirmation email, I was told that the room would not be available until noon. Around 10 am, the owner came in and let me have the room 2 hours early. He said the usual charge for early check in was 1/2 what I was quoted by the guys when I came in. Once entering the room, it did not look very clean (I took the 400 rupee room). The bathroom was fairly small and the toilet looked very dirty. The bed did not look like the sheets were clean either. Luckily, I took the advise of another traveler and brought my own sheet to cover the bed and sleep on.I stayed another night and was moved to a smaller room (300 rupees). The second room was dirtier than the first. The sheets had not been changed and the room had not been cleaned since the last guest left. Upon entry into the room, both of the sheets covering the mattress had blood stains on them. There was an empty package of lingerie on the bed. The bathroom was a lot smaller than the first one and this one did not even have hot water in it. To get hot water, you have to take a bucket down the hall and bring it back to your room.As far as the room being cheap, not really. Yes, you can get a room as cheap as 300 rupees. But, it is not clean, and there is nothing in the rooms but a bed and bathroom (no tv, nothing). Also, international flights usually arrive very late or very early in the morning. You pay for the room from noon to noon. If you get the larger room with the water heater (no ac), you will pay 400 rupees for the room until noon. Of course, you will not leave at noon, so you will have to pay another 400 rupees to stay overnight. Thats 800 rupees for pretty much 1 day in their hotel. For 800 rupees, you can find a much better place.The staff was friendly, but in a crooked sort of way. When I asked about a good restaurant in the area, I was told that they would get me the food and deliver it to my room. I gave them 102 rupees for the food. When they returned, they did not provide me with change or a receipt. When I asked about the cost, I was told &quot;It's ok&quot; and they left.They are proud of being recommended by Lonely Planet. I was shown a copy of Lonely Planet and the recommendation by the author to stay there and book tours through Namaskar. They do take a rather large commission on the booking of the tours. The cost was about 33% higher than the cost the driver normally charges. While on the road, the driver stopped at some local shops so that I could do some shopping. Of course, these were shops where he would earn commission if I bought something and the prices were grossly inflated. 2 shops I did not even ask him to stop at or even make the slightest inclination that I was interested in purchasing the type of goods sold there. He just stopped and said it was part of the tour.The hotel offers to keep your luggage for you if you go out on a trip. I would not recommend this. While leaving, I was handed someone else's bag. If I were a dishonest person, I could have walked away with somebody's luggage.I stayed at Hotel Namaskar after reading some reviews on a website that claimed it was a good deal and it was clean. If you want a clean place at a reasonable rate, look elsewhere.	
Mar 14 2008	Very cheap in the heart of Paharganj	We booked the hotel for its price and reccomendation of guidebooks. The area of Paharganj is not the best in Delhi, so if you want anything remotely fancy don't stay here. The hotel looked like one of many in the area, which is packed, but we didn't have any hassle in our stay at all.The room is clean enough and very big, with some weird cables hanging from the wall, and a not very nice toilet with not very warm wather.They can arrange the pick-up from the airport, which saves you lots of hassle if you are not used to the india-taxi way of life.Also, they can organise tours around Delhi and Rajastan, though they take a fairly big commission and if you have the chance, you would do best booking straight from a driver.Our stay was not memorable, but it served perfectly its purpose of having a cheap place to sleep in Delhi.	
Jan 8 2008 	Very cheap you get what you pay for	Found this through Lonely Planet, one of the few places that was very responsive to my email inquiry. Their airport pick-up service was on-time and waiting for me, but I did not feel safe in the minivan they drove, which was very old, has poor shock absorbers, and no seatbelt. At one point the car hit a speedbump too fast and I flung forward, knocking the front passenger seat out of place. The reception and staff are friendly and helpful, but they are always a bit too eager to book tours for you.The hotel is located in the Paharganj, in an alley just off the main market street. This is a very active, loud, and dusty area, and there is a public urinal at the entrance of the alley. It is walking distance to the metro (Rama Krishna Ashram Marg station), and one metro stop away from Connaught Place.My room &quot;double&quot; room was very spartan, there were two twin beds pushed together and just enough space to walk around it, and a small table in the corner. Walls were pink, as warned in Lonely Planet. The windows were blacked out, but I could hear the street noise and the heavily polluted street air made its way into the room. There was also a ceiling fan and a/c. The bathroom was small, and there is no separation between the shower and the toilet (this is standard for most hotels in India). No hot showers, as there was no hot water in the room - they provide you with a large bucket and you retrieve hot water from a tap down the hall. Also, the only available electrical outlet in my room had been taped onto the wall.The room appeared clean enough, but as with most hotels in India, the room does not get serviced daily. Bathroom looked kind of disgusting with a lot of water stains and water damagede door. Toilet paper is not provided. The sheets were clean, some more threadbare than others, all had some stubborn stains or cigarette burns. I stayed for 4 nights and got very sick from the poor air quality (this is clearly evident when you blow your nose at the end of the day). Essentially, you get what you pay for. Many locals avoid the Paharganj area because it is even too chaotic for them to endure, but it does have lots of shops, tourists, internet cafes, and cheap eateries. As a tourist, you can also expect and get used to being hassled a lot.	
Sep 25 2006 	Friends from other hotel	This hotel is recommended by Lonely Planet. The problem of accomodation being recommended by Lonely Planet is that the hotel will tend to be over booked or over popular. This Hotel Namaskar is the first on top of the budget hotel list, so we called to make reservation two days before we reach Delhi. The person who takes the call said the rooms are alway available and we can come to stay any time.When we reach Delhi, we went straight to the hotel which we had made reservation and I saw my name on the reservation book too. Then the man at the counter ask his man to show the room for me. At the point of time, I realised something was wrong, the man took me to other hotel which do not even known to me. I realised later that the hotel that we want to stay is full. So in order not to loose any chance of earning a little more income, the owner without even telling us what happen took us to the other hotel nearby which probably will give him some commission if he &quot;defer&quot; a customer to his hotel.	
Mar 24 2006	Basic in the Bazaar	Basic hotel in the Main Bazaar area. Rooms are cheap, relatively clean but very basic. The staff and especially the two brothers are extremely helpful and can arrange for tours at very reasonable prices both in Delhi and wider India. It is this that is the main attraction.Up a small alley off the main bazaar you have to pass an open urinal at the start of the alley. The location is not for the faint hearted as you are pitched into the noise and squalour of Old Dehli on your doorstep although personal safety was never an issue.	
Feb 26 2006	cheap clean noisy	I spent 3 nights in Namaskar hotel. The people of the hotel can take you from the airport, even during the night, for 400 rupies (8 euros). They can book a taxi for you, and many other things. They can keep some of your luggage (even a computer) a few weeks until you come back. It is really near main bazar street.We spent 2 nights in a room for 2oo rupies (4 euros) for 2 people. Their was too much noise (because of the fan and the corridor), too much light during the night, some problems with the water (there was no more water during one hour maybe). The room was clean.We spent another night in a 450 rupies room (9 euros). It was really bigger, with 2 bathrooms, but as much noise and light. However, I don't know if it is possible to have better hotels for less than 600 rupies a night in Delhi, where so many hotels are &quot;expensve&quot; (for India) and of bad quality.If you want to sleep in this hotel it is better to phone them to book the nights you want before you come to Delhi. If you arrive from the airport it is better to ask them to send you a taxi to avoid a lot of problems the first day !!!!(a french tourist)	
Feb 15 2009	Quelle déception!		
Nov 20 2008 	Super Service- gute Adresse		
Oct 3 2008 	Loin d'être acceuillant		
Jun 3 2008 	Bof bof		
Nov 15 2009 	My Stay in Delhi	Booked via Makemytrip. Hotel is average. Location is midst of Karol bagh the populated area of Old Delhi. Close to many places though. We stayed here as we needed to visit US Consulate for an Interview. Room was very good though no balcony. AC was good. Had a problem with the bathroom lock. Got locked out from inside. Bathroom has new jacuuzi but it was not that effective and was malfunctioning. Room service was very good. Got value for money to some extent. TV was good. Was an LCD. Would recommend.	
Apr 30 2008 	oh ma gosh ...plz never stay here	i went to Delhi for a tour with my family consisting of 3 members.we had actually booked rooms in an other hotel but we reached late at nite coz of the big traffic block in delhi .the other hotel people said that the room was not available at nite and that they have arranged room in a nearby hotel i.e; omni .we agreed and when we reached there the chechk in counters we gud but the room were just horrible ...it was very small and very conjusted ..we could hardly move around ...the bed spread , linens etc were so untidy and had a foul smell ..now to talk bout the bathrooms i better dont say anything .it was so untidy and i think it hadn't been cleaned for an year . the rooms were so dark and we couldnt differentiate between nite and day . it was such a horrible experience . the services were ok . next day we were shifted to the hotel which we had booked(not omni) . thank god i was shifted . the other hotel was gud .but i wud say to everybody that never go and stay in this hotel !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Feb 5 2008 	Omni hotel did not honor reservation	I reserved a superior room for one night through the Venere travel agency.(They had all my credit card information) When I arrived at the hotel at 2:00A.M.after the 20 hour trip from New York City I was told the hotel was filled and could not stay there.I was offered a room at another hotel which I declined. My voucher for the room for the night was deemed meaningless. An Iranian Tour operator was also having a problem with arrangements that had been made months before. A reservation at the hotel might be honored if no one else takes your room before you arrive.I would warn you against staying at a hotel run by such shabby people.	
Jan 14 2008 	Not a hotel but a hole	I'm working in India for a couple of weeks and decided to visit Delhi. BCDTravel from India booked the hotel. The place is just terrible. The area in where it is is awful, you feel like you're going to get killed the moment you put a feet outside the hotel (I know in general the zones in India don't look good, but really this is one of the worst areas there). The rooms are very dirty, smells, i even found 10 empty bottles of beer in front of my room when i arrived (no one worried to at least throw them at that moment) and also when o left the next day. Don't follow the tramp of the pictures, they must be edited because it's not like the pictures at all. The rate for a hotel like this should be less than US$10, not more.	
Sep 13 2007 	value for money	i booked my hotel from the website and i made the payment from ther and i wa scared that the hotel is good enough or not but when i reached the airport i was welcomed like a person of my family has came to recive me and it was of a different class and when i reached the hotel it was like i have paid nothing for the hotel ppl say that that it is value for money but i will say it was more than value for money one difficulty i experienced that was i was that tv cabel was not working for 2 hour or so but later it was corrected so i will recamend each and everybody to visit this hotel and the hotel website is [--]	
Aug 19 2007 	No I don't want to go to Agra.	I am used to staying at inexpensive Indian hotels as well as Western style hotels in India. Usually, the Indian hotels above a certain price range (like more than US$15/night) are fine with some shabbiness in the facilities. Other than the bathroom, my room was clean and comfortable, and even the bathroom was okay if not spotless. They provided a kettle and some instant coffee/tea too (although the mug was dirty with dried coffee inside.) The hotel has free (!) wireless Internet, a real convenience. But I would never stay here again because it's pretty clear it's a scam for the travel agency that owns/is partnered with it.I should have known when I arrived this place was into fleecing people. I tipped the guy who carried my bags. Later, he hunted me down because the bill was 'ripped'. I know that India has this wierd thing about bills not being legal tender if they are ripped, but there's apparently some exchange process where you take the old bill to a bank and they'll replace it, and this bill was ancient, but intact--not actually ripped. I'm 90% sure this guy brought the bill back because he thought he deserved a bigger tip, and of course since I didn't have any other small bills of the same denomination, I did give him a bigger tip. I wouldn't do that now.Can I just say, I am sooooo sick of the following sequence of questions:1. Sir, where are you from? What is your good name? 2. How long are you in staying in Delhi? (answer, 2 days)3. Have you ever been to India? (yes, 5 times)4. What are you doing today? (ummm, some work, maybe going to visit some friends)5. Would you like a package tour to the Taj Mahal in Agra? (or the more forceful 'you *would* like a package tour to the Taj Mahal.') And usually a refusal to take no for an answer.I was asked _seven_ times to go to the Taj by the hotel staff--desk clerks, bellhop, including one extended conversation in which they claimed there was some problem with my hotels.com reservation, then took me to a travel agency a block away to have them 'check my reservation' and 'give feedback to the management' and three guys took turns trying to sell me tours. The next day I get an unscheduled wakeup call. I'm dead asleep, a call to the room wakes me up, and he asks about my 'hotel voucher,' &quot;I gave you the reservation sheet yesterday&quot;, &quot;What are you doing today?&quot;, &quot;Why do you want to know?&quot;, &quot;You should go to Agra today&quot;, I slam down the phone. Even just leaving the hotel, the desk clerk stops me, asks my room number, then interrogates me about my plans again (same guy as that morning on the phone? I don't know). I'm used to touts. But the hotel staff honestly seem to think I owe them a booking on some overpriced tour. It's like one of those condo timeshare sales pitches that lasts your entire stay in the hotel. Never again will I stay here!Checking out was more of the same. Again with the upselling. So first they get all huffy, and they're like &quot;you have to pay at check out!&quot; Um, yes, I normally expect that at a hotel. But again they are frustrated because my 'voucher' is not a voucher, but a reservation through hotels.com (not prepaid, in this case.) Okay, so I try to pay. Despite the lovely lucite stand sitting on the check in desk saying &quot;We accept visa/master/american express&quot; they refuse to take my card. &quot;Well we don't take cards for such a small amount.&quot; Yeah, like $80 is too small an amount to charge--in India, where I've seen merchants set minimum charge amounts near $2. And it's not like it's some old decal stuck in a place where it can't be removed, or some sponsored sign that has other information on it. It's a brand new sign sitting on the desk that says only that they take the credit cards. Okay, I'll pay cash. Then they refuse to give me a receipt. And the reason? Because they say my internet reservation is my receipt! I just hand this guy a wad of cash, and he's telling me the same piece of paper I had before I paid is now proof of payment. I pushed the issue and got upset, and refused to leave until I had a receipt (fearing that they would then charge my credit card used in the reservation as well and claim they'd never received the cash.) Again with the trip to the travel agency around the corner to speak to the 'management'. He says 'we'll have to charge you more if you get a receipt. We have to include luxury tax then.' and I say 'and you would have cheated the government of the tax otherwise?' The guy says again and again, &quot;we are very honest, how would we stay in business otherwise?&quot; Right after admitting to me he's stealing from the public coffers. And again with the upselling. &quot;Where are you going now? You should just hire a car for the day, only 1100 rupees.&quot; In the end the ride to the airport cost me 500, even though my Indian friend had taken the same ride, also booked through the hotel, the previous day for 350. As I'm getting into the car, the hotel guy says 'well it's 500 for the ride, but 600 if you want A/C'. Well fine then, I don't want A/C. I spend half the ride arguing. Driver tries to sell me on how great the A/C is, then he tries to pull the &quot;I am but a humble servant, and it's so hot, won't you please pay for A/C? Please sir! Please!&quot; I know full well he's getting 150% of the real fare, and I'm not gonna pay him one paisa more on the bait and switch. I tell him if he wants the A/C so badly he should pay the 100 rupees (and he'd still be making more than normal off me!). At this point it's not the money, it's the principle of the thing with the hidden charges etc. I've had to yell at three people from the hotel just to get them to leave me alone. And in approximately 5 months of traveling in India over a period of several years, I've had to resort to yelling when someone just wouldn't take no for an answer only twice before this hotel--once with a beggar who tried to stop me from walking down the sidewalk by blocking my path for about 10 minutes straight, and once with a dishonest internet cafe host.Please, please don't even bother trying this hotel. Karol Bagh is full of comparable hotels at generally lower prices that don't come with a fulltime harrassment program.	
Dec 26 2006 	Hotel Omni is not a hotel	I got hotel booked from my indian partners &amp; this is the worst hotel I've every stayed in! I happened to stay here last month &amp; everything from the service to the rooms were just terrible. The first thing you'll notice would be the smell of damp linen... everything from the bed sheets to pillows stunk with the smell. Check In system was horrible . I left the next morning since it was late in the night and staying in a neighbouring much cheaper, but much cleaner and nicer hotel! I didn't get enough time in India to be able to get the hotel closed, but if I ever do this is the first thing I would do!	
Dec 9 2006	Feel like 5 star hotel. Excellent place to live!	Stayed there for a week. Great service. Awesome staff! Rooms are 5 star standard. Definitely you will get value for money to stay here. I will strongly recommend.	
	Good but noisy	We stayed only one night and our room was close to the reception. All the noise from the hall way and reception could clearly be heard in our room all night. Also there were some cat fights under the window providing more noise. Try to get a room far away from the reception and/or wear earplugs.Eevrything else worked OK.	
Nov 20 2009 	Good Place to Stay	This hotel is fairly small but well sited in the middle of Delhi in Connaught Place. Rooms are variable in size but well appointed for us.Staff areexcellent and very helpful, whilst the attached restaurant has excellent food and service.Connaught Place itself is undergoing extensive restoration, so there is quite a bit of mess in the area.Only trouble with the hotel is that is no lounge area for friends to meet, but you can use the restaurant for this purpose without difficulty.	
Nov 19 2009 	Centrally located clean and with a good restaurant	As with other reviews the driver was unsure exactly where this hotel was on Connaught Circus. I recognised it as It looked exactly like the pictures on tripadvisor. Greeting was pleasant, room was small but clean and well appointed. Restaurant was excellent. Location was so central for that part of Delhi with plenty of shops, clubs and restaurants within a few minutes walk.There was some noise, perhaps from the cinema, but it wasn't unbearable. I'd definitely stay here again.By the way don't think about visiting the (fairly nearby) Indian Coffee House - what a dump!	
Nov 15 2009 	Clean rooms great service good location and value	The staff were very attentive and our room was exceptionally clean. It was also quiet which was great as it was daylight when we finally got to sleep, due to jet lag, yet we didn't hear any of the usual daytime traffic noise. The hotel was also kind enough to store one of our bags for a week while we visited some cities in Rajastan. Overall, a very enjoyable stay at a great price - Don't be put off by the exterior, it's great inside.	
Nov 13 2009 	Took our money and left us stranded on the streets of delhi at night!	My husband and I have traveled widely around India, yet nothing prepared us for the predicament we faced when we booked in to this hotel! Having consulted TripAdvisor and seen the high rating of Hotel Palace Heights we clicked on the booking which led us to hotels.com (expedia.in) through which we booked this hotel for 2 nights. Our booking confirmation from hotels .com came through and my husband's credit card was charged the full amount. We took a print out of the confirmation and having travelled via train from shimla we arrived at new delhi at 10 pm at night to be met with bewilderment at the front desk of the hotel palace heights! They saw our booking confirmation and said that they had not received any booking and that they had no rooms available for us. Without any apology they said that it must have been hotels.com's fault as they had NOT RECEIVED ANY BOOKING! We being visitors to Delhi did not know what to do next. Attempts to reach hotel.com at that hour failed so we were left in a dilemma as to where to spend the night. We eventually did manage to find an overpriced and badly located hotel later that night but our trip had been ruined by our experience.Hotel.com say its the hotels's fault and they have our money which HAS NOT YET BEEN refunded nearly three weeks after the incident! To sum it up : THIS HOTEL IS NOT ONLY EXTREMELY UNPROFESSIONAL BUT UNTRUSTWORTHY and brings this website's recommendations into disrepute. Be warned that if you book this hotel through this site you too may end up in our predicament, having to pay for a room that you are unable to stay in and with weeks of trouble trying to reclaim the money in vain.	
Nov 3 2009 	Excellent Value	I stayed at this hotel for one night in November. It was difficult for my taxi driver to find the hotel, and from the outside it doesn't look that great, but the rooms inside are great, with a modern and clean decor, flat panel TV, and a lovely bathroom. They're not huge rooms, but they're very comfortable. The location is perfectly central, there are loads of shops, restaurants, and ATMs when you step out of the hotel. All the staff, from reception to housekeeping, are very courteous and helpful. The food in the restaurant, Zaffran, is wonderful, and the service in there is also exemplary. There is also complimentary water, fruit and internet, and a welcome juice. I would rate this as higher than a 3 star. Also, just a note -- I ate all the fresh fruit provided in the room and got more when i finished. It was good to eat fruit that i could trust.	
Oct 31 2009 	Nice Place for tourists/night stay.	I visited Delhi as a tourist with my spouse and young kids. I didn't want to pay a very high price just for the few nights stay in a typical 5 star hotels, so I chose this hotel based on other reviews. All we needed a night stay in a safe, clean and comfortable place. Although little higher on the price side for what it offers (not very big, but ok size rooms). Location is perfect and rooms were very clean and comfortable. Bathroom was immaculate. Most site seeing locations are closer to this place and central park, Metro station is right there. Restaurant is also fabulous. Overall very nice experience and would recommend with high ratings. Free wireless Internet service. For vehicles, Parking on the streets, free of charge but not very difficult to find.	
Oct 27 2009 	very comfortable and excellent restaurant	The Hotel is very central. The room we had was clean and we were able to sleep 3 in the room. it is an expensive hotel, but worth it for the restaurant and its central position. The staff were extremely helpful, even to the extent of accompnaying us to find an ATM which worked.	
Oct 26 2009 	Excellent Good Value Down Town Hotel	Great location right in the heart of Connaught Place and close to the metro station. (Beware though, that because the hotel is quite small and with no street frontage to speak of, taxi drivers may not know where it is).The two best things about this hotel were the restaurant - great at both breakfast and dinner (some of the best food I've ever had in India) - and the enthusiasm of the staff and their willingness to help with everything.Rooms are well appointed and confortable. althougha bit on the small side. The AC can be a bit aggressive and in our room we were forced to turning it off during the night so as to avoid being too cold. However, that's a minor niggle.Internet worked fine and was reasonably fast.The only negative aspect was that having booked another couple of nights for the following week, we were informed the evening before we left that they were unable to honour these extra nights. Had I not gone to the desk to book a taxi for the following morning, I suspect that I wouldn't have found this out until too late.Good value for Delhi. Overall, recommended.	
Oct 25 2009 	Clean modern hotel	We stayed for 3 nights in late June and then for one night in early July on our way back home. The hotel was modern and very clean. The AC worked very well and it was a good escape from the very hot temps outside. Rooms were on the small side and there isn't much of a lobby, so if you wanted to sit around/linger this isn't really the place to do that. Our first room faced an interior air shaft/courtyard but the second one faced a side street. Staff was friendly and helpful and we met the owner one night who was also very pleasant and accommodating. Breakfast is included and there were both western (eggs, pancakes) options and Indian options. There isn't much to see in Connaught Place, but there are many restaurants in walking distance. It was strange to walk out on our first night for dinner and be one of the few people in the street in what is considered the center of town. The hotel arranged a car to pick us up at the hotel and the driver (Bobby) was nice but tried to sell us on his tour guide services the entire ride to the hotel. He even tried to take us to his office BEFORE dropping us off at the hotel, but we politely declined saying that after such a long trip we just wanted to get to the hotel and shower/sleep. This worked and he took us to the hotel. Because he was so friendly and seemed like a good guide we hired him to drive us around on a tour of Delhi a couple of days later and he barely spoke throughout the entire day that we spent with him. It seems he used all of his Delhi facts to get us to book with him and once we did he didn't have much more to say. His company seems to work exclusively with Hotel Palace Heights, so beware when booking tours through the hotel. He was nice and honest, but didn't offer much in way of a tour. Overall, the hotel experience was a good one. If what you're looking for is a modern, clean and safe hotel in the &quot;center&quot; of Delhi, then you can't go wrong with Hotel Palace Heights.	
Sep 1 2009 	perfect service	I stayed end of august (29.08.09) in this hotel in Delhi - and it was simply perfect!!! You can't ask for a nicer, welcoming service. Everybody from the staff was very friendly and tried to help in every way - from access to internet, to phoning at the agency where I've had booked an ac-cab for a sight seeing tour that didn't show up. The receptionist made it come in less than 5 minutes 8after I've waited half an hour in vain). M. Wasim at the reception desk was extremely kind, and also his colleague who was on duty after his shift.I only can recommend this hotel. Connaught place is in the very heart of Delhi, the rooms are comfortable, have European standard, what a pleasure to find a nice and clean bathroom after a travel through the Himalayas. a welcome drink (juice, of course it's India after all) was offered as well as a fruit basket. It was simply perfect.	
Aug 24 2009 	Definitively my favorite place in Norther India!	I stayed in India three weeks visiting Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal and Mumbay. I spent two nights at Palace Heights at the beginning of my trip and two at the end. The staff of the hotel is extremely friendly and efficient, making you feeling at home (if not even better!). The service is professional, discrete and very efficient. They arrange perfect tours and transfers from/to the airport. The hotel is a quiet oasis in the heart of Delhi, with clean rooms furnished in a contemporary design style. The restaurant is one of the best I tried in India, cozy and relaxing. You buy a five star quality hotel at the price of a three star! A modern and confortable hotel with a strong personality!	
Jul 12 2009 	Expensive/Annoying for the price	We could hear incessant banging in the first TWO rooms they put us in. After finally getting settled into a quiet room, we put on the do not disturb sign, but people kept calling and knocking on the door to give us things like cookies - nice, but annoying. They also pressured us into using their travel agent for a tour to the Taj Mahal. The car and driver was over priced and had barely working A/C. The driver didn't really talk to us (for the 2 hour there and 3 hour back drive) and kept making us go places to buy stuff (we didn't but he stopped anyway). The car didn't have seat belts. The staff at the hotel also told us differing info on how much things were going to cost and Monday through Friday the electricity goes on and off every so often.	
Jun 9 2009 	Nice but expensive hotel	We stayed two nights at Hotel Palace Height. The hotel is expensive for the size of the room &amp; bathroom we had. The view from the hotel room is not great.. On our first night we had no hot water, but the hotel staff fixed that problem very quickly. However the hotel staff are courteous and provided a good service.If you are in Delhi for a couple of days and want to be in a good location to the attraction, this hotel will be fine.	
Jun 4 2009 	Excellent service	I've stayed at this hotel a number of times so far - always for business - and the one thing that stands out is the customer service, and he staff's desire to please.The hotel is small, but very well kept, and clean. The wireless internet used to be problem, but they have fixed it. The food in Zaffran is excellent... the breakfast is to order, and always prepared very well. They cater to a lot of foreign tourists.The location of the hotel is superb. Right above the Metro station which makes traveling around Delhi a breeze. Its also in the heart of Connaught Place (CP) with plenty of options in shopping, restaurants, entertainment, and great to walk around in the evenings when traffic is a lighter.I've always had a pleasant experience at the hotel, and would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a clean, safe, and good place to stay. It is a little pricey, and I think would be better valued at about $25-30 below its current rates.	
May 20 2009 	take your chances	We stayed here on two separate occassions. We landed in Delhi and stayed the night before leaving elsewhere. Our first night was awesome. The room was small, but adequate. It was nicely decorated and clean. No complaints. When we returned a few days later it was a different story. Our room was even smaller than the first night. We were given dirty towels and bed sheets. The walls were scuffed and dirty. The thermostat control was so filthy it was black. When we complained, the staff apologized,but that was about it. It was hard to believe this was the same hotel.It wasn't cheap either. We paid $183.00 Cdn through Expedia, not good value for the money. We paid for a hotel transfer and didn't get one, nor did we get a refund. The outside of the hotel looks very rough, but once inside it is nicely decorated. The restaurant attached to the hotel, Zaffron offers great value for the money. The food and service was one of the best we had in India.	
Apr 30 2009 	A good staritng point	The service here was excellent, particularly in the restaurant. The rooms are very modern and the bathroom had a good shower. Rooms are a bit small with no view, but are kept very clean, with clean linen every day. Complimentary fruit, water and snacks are provided It was relatively expensive compared to the rest of India, but worth it for Delhi. Breakfast is included with the rate and has a good choice and a decent buffet. The food in the restaurant was one of the best Indian restaurants we visited and very good value	
Apr 29 2009 	Good hotel conveniently located on Connaught Place	Well located on Connaught Place and for getting a tuk tuk to the varying sites of Delhi. The hotel is better than an 'average 3*' rating but not good enough for a ' very good 4*' rating. The service was good and the rooms are clean, if a little on the small side. However, if you are only in Delhi for a day and a night (which we were) then it does exactly what you want. The restaurant (attached to the hotel) called Zaffran was very good.	
Apr 23 2009 	Excellent and well priced hotel right in the thick of it!	This was the third hotel we stayed in during our to-ing and fro-ing to Delhi. It was the cheapest (£98 per room per night inc breakfast), the nicest and the best placed hotel of the lot!The staff were great and very helpful. The room was lovely, clean and well equipped. Best of all was the restaurant and the central position. The breakfast was excellent and we ate at the restaurant too on our last night in India, which was reasonably priced and one of the best meals we had during our trip. The location couldn't be better - walk out of the door and you're right in the middle of the intensity that is Connaught place! But inside it's calm and a haven. If you've only got a few nights in Delhi - stay here.	
Apr 20 2009 	Perfect Boutique Hotel	If you are lookin for a hotel in Delhi which is centrally located, affordable, convinient then Palace Heights is the place to stay. The hotel is located on the inner circle of connaught place and is on the second floor. The approach kind of looks deceptive but once you enter the premises i bet you are heading for a good experience. Its a small property having 15-18 rooms only. There is a restaurant called Zafran which serves great Indian food and is also a popular among the locals. Complimentry morning breakfast is served here too. Being a small property you can be assured of personalised service. The staff right from the doorman at the entrance to the hotel manager are friendly and ever welcoming. The rooms are small but cant expect anything grand at that price (rs.6000 - 7000) in that part of the city. The room decor is modern and the bathrooms are done up well too. Its a great place for tourists who are lookin out for affordable accomodation, central location, not looking for aminities just wanting to sleep the night in good rooms eat good breakfat and get out to spend the day. Applies for business travellers as well.	
Apr 19 2009 	An individual hotel with personal service	We stayed for two nights at the palace heights and would definately recommend it. The room we stayed in was clean and with all the amenities you would expect, if a little small. The location is great for getting a feel for Dehli although I would warn you not to stray too far off the beaten track but this goes for everywhere in Dehli. The restaurant is excellent at a reasonable price. I know we could have eaten cheaper but for under ten pounds for more than the two of us could eat seemed a good deal to us especially as it was so good. The staff were friendly and helpful and we would go back again, in fact we did go back to the restaurant on our last night in India having unfortunately booked another hotel which wasn't nearly as good.	
Apr 18 2009 	Great in all respects	The well located Hotel Palace Heights is a Delhi oasis . The rooms are exceptionally clean and well thought out . They are well deocrated and all the things that you would expect from a good hotel have been considered such as good room service , wireless and various complimentary touches . The staff are exceptional and the service was excellent and attentive in all respects .The restaurant is also great and serves fanatastic food from North India , once again the service was great and the restaurant manager was particularly helpful in recommending dishes .Highly recommended	
Apr 10 2009	Fantastic hotel in a central location	The hotel is small but great, in a very central location in Delhi. The rooms were fantastic, I can't fault anything wrong with the rooms. The hotel restaurant was also great - I highly recommend it.	
Apr 6 2009 	Don't judge a book by it's cover	Arriving at Connaught Place, Delhi is an experience in itself. Oh my goodness, the driving is like nothing on earth I have ever seen before. Cars, people, bicycles, tuk-tuks and anything goes.From outside the hotel looks small and unassuming but once inside its cool air-conditioned loveliness all your travel stresses disappear. The Reception staff are very helpful and their english is excellent. We had arrived in India with only 3 of our 21 nights with a hotel booking, the hotel staff recommended a travel agent - Perfect Holidays, and a very helpful man, Javid organised the next 8 nights for us including internal flights, accommodation and a driver.The room was a little on the small side but very clean as was the bathroom with all the usual trimmings - extra loo roll, shower cap etc.The hotel is in a great location, smack bang in the middle of the shopping area and close to the underground Palika market. Breakfast in the Restaurant was lovely - choice of indian, continental or english. This was one of the better hotels we stayed in on our trip.	
Mar 30 2009 	Fab fab fab fab!!!	This was my second stay at palace heights, and it was just as great as the first one! This is definitely one hotel I would recommend people stay at, everytime you visit delhi. They have an excellent restaurant attached, and althou living in the UAE gives you access to great indian food, this is truly authentic. Their room service is even more fab, with meals reaching in 10mins! The rooms althou small are immaculately maintained and any troubles you may have are dealt with immediately. The staff, right from their manager to the various service attendants are so polite, its ridiculous. I have stayed at various hotels all over India and none have been this wonderful an experience. Literally, one can make no complaints. Its the perfect Boutique hotel. Only thing missing is possibly a spa, just to wrap the deal!Will definitely keep staying at Palace heights, everytime I do visit Delhi.	
Mar 21 2009 	Highly recommended - comfortable rooms with modern flair good food!	Situated on Connaucht Place. Spacious bedroom and bathroom. Furnishings all-round elegant and in very good condition. Amenities: Airconditioning functioned well, safe, upon arrival complementary fruit basket (1 apple, 1 orange, 2 bananas, 2 chocolate biscuits) and daily two large bottles of water, facilities to make tea or coffee, free daily newspaper. We like Indian food as authentic as possible, i.e. spicy and hot. Hotel Restaurant Zaffran satisfied both criteria. In fact, the food was absolutely delicious, delicately spiced, and not too hot. Two main dishes plus two portions of Naan bread and a bottle of water average cost between 775 and 900 Rupee. Although the breakfast buffet was rather simple, the food was good. The usual cereals, two kinds of fruit, bread, butter, jam and honey. Orders for eggs, bacon/sausages/ham, toast, coffee or tee are taken by a waiter. The coffee was absolutely fantastic! Each cup prepared separately with freshly ground coffee beans. The hotel &amp; restaurant staff was competent, very friendly and helpful. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay in this hotel.	
Mar 15 2009 	Great service location breakfast and value for money!	We only booked a day room at the Palace Heights at the end of our trip after arriving by sleeper train at 9:15 am and before flying home that night, but we would have no hesitation in using it for our entire stay in Delhi on our next visit. We had a smooth and speedy check-in, and being ravenous, as we had not eaten on the train that morning, went straight into breakfast which was delicious, especially the pancakes and capuccino! Our room was spotlessly clean and very comfortable, with a kettle and tea/coffee, the shower gave ample hot water and there were lovely toiletries. The hotel is on the first floor (there is a lift) which means the rooms are quiet, and its location on Connaught Square is excellent - we loved the great bookshop 2 blocks away. Best of all, however is the service: from the doorman downstairs who loaded our luggage into the lift and whisked us up to reception, to the smiling receptionist and waiters in the restaurant - nothing was too much trouble, and every member of staff was eager to please. I can highly recommend the Palace Heights as great value for money.	
Feb 27 2009 	The Best Ever ! Will be back for more	I'm so glad that I had chance to stay in Palace Heights.I was traveling alone to Delhi for architecture conference. I'm a woman and Delhi's first timer.I did my 'research' on tripadvisor and decided to choose 3 hotels for my stays: Ginger Hotel, Hans Hotel and Palace Heights.I had a good hunch with Palace Heights, since my first email conversation with their general manager, Mr. Joseph. He responded to my email and made me sure that my reservation is secured. Palace Heights is such a high demand hotel among travelers and I can see why during my stay.I loved the building and its settings. Palace Heights is an example of successful adaptive re-used building. The location is just perfect, in the center of CP and just a minute walk to fabIndia.I loved the hotel room - minimalist, simple and very clean. I loved the window which facing to CP and you can witness the bustling busy experience downstairs. And the goof thing is the room is very quite - you can't hear anything from outside.But the thing I loved more is the superb service and warm greetings ! From receptionist to restaurant, from housekeeper to general manager! They are doing their best to help me and make sure my stay is incredible. And they did.I'm really impressed when I asked their help whether I can print my essays for my presentation at the conference. They don't have business center. So what they did was, they take me to hotel's main office, which located couple blocks from the hotel. And they insist to take me by hotel's car. After I print everything, the car drove me back to hotel.The porter always accompanied me when I want to take a tuk tuk and made sure that the driver know where I want to go and bargain the price for me. And for the bonus - they have a free wifi !I'm so blessed with all kindness I accepted during my stay and I will be back for more Palace heights experience.	
Feb 10 2009 	High Standards at a reasonable price	Arrived from London, our pick up (arranged through the hotel) was waiting for us. The hotel is located in a good part of New Delhi, a short walk from shops and parks and the Metro is very close by. The hotel staff are extremely helpful and friendly, rooms are very clean and modern. The restaurant is excellent. The only negative points were: 1. We specifically booked twin beds (travelling with my daughter) and when we arrived this was not available. The first night they found us another room, on the second (a week later) they provided a Collapsible bed but this was quite uncomfortable. Unfortunately the same problem occurred wherever we stayed during the trip. 2. The second minor problem was the surging shower with fluctuating water temperature (not extreme so merely annoying).	
Jan 31 2009 	A great respite from the bustle of New Delhi	The location is fantastic, the Palace Heights give you an oasis of calm right in the middle of Connaught Place.The staff is extremely friendly and helpful, with good recommendations for restaurants in the area, since no matter how the the hotel restaurant is (and it it good) -- you can't eat there every night.The included fruits, water and breakfast help you get your day off to a good start easily with no hassle.I had also arranged airport pickup through the hotel and everything went very smoothly: driver was there on time, very professional etc..	
Jan 5 2009 	A Haven of Peace	My husband and I stayed at the Palace Heights at the start of our Indian holiday in November. We had arranged an airport pick up with them which sadly wasn't there when we landed. We called the hotel who immediately got a driver to us so we were not really delayed. On arrival (given that this was 6 in the morning) they got us a welcome drink and told us our room would be ready in 20 minutes. This was a real bonus as it meant we could have a sleep before hitting Delhi.Throughout our stay the staff were really helpful. Changing money for smaller notes, booking cars etc.Each day we had complimentary water and fresh fruit. The hotel was a real haven away from the bustle of Connaught Place and the food in the Zaffran restaurant was really good and service was also excellent.	
Dec 31 2008 	Good location tidy and professional staff	We stayed at the hotel various nights in December 2008 and used the hotel as our hub for a number of trips throughout India.The hotel has been renovated recently and now offers business-style, clean and tidy rooms with spacious beds and a fine bathroom (the best one we had during our trip, always enjoyed coming back there ...).From the hotel, you have easy acces to various shops (incl. Western shops with sometimes attractive proces) at Connaught Place, restuarants included. From the hotel its only a few meters to the new subway, that brings you e.g. directly to the railway stations for hardly any money. We used it several times and always enjoyed the ride.The hotel staff is professional and also takes take of the guest's needs. We used both airport pick-ups and drop-offs.The restaurant at the hotel offers very good food, the elevated prices (compared to other options outside the hotel) are worth it and the staff is great and friendly.There might be cheaper place to stay in Delhi, but Palace Heights benefits from its central location, professional staff and proper rooms. We'd go back there if we return to Delhi.	
Dec 3 2008 	Fantastic!	Stayed at the hotel for a business trip, the rooms were lovely and the staff extremely helpful. Will definitely be staying there for my next trip to Delhi! Highly recommended.	
Dec 2 2008 	Great Stay	We stayed here for two nights after arriving in Delhi from the US. We went ahead and arranged for transport to the hotel (RS. 800) to avoid having to deal with prepaid taxis upon arrival. The hotel is about 45 minutes away from the airport. Check-in was smooth and though our room was a bit small, it was very comfortable. We were provided with complementary fruit and bottled water daily. I especially appreciated how quiet it got at night. We had a minor issue with the hot water but it was rectified very quickly. Breakfast in the hotel was good and very convenient. We had dinner at Bukhara at the Maurya. The food was fabulous!The hotel arranged for a day tour of Delhi using their car and also for early morning transport to the Delhi railway station. Although we found the tariff to be a little overpriced, we would definitely stay here again for the amenities and the convenience.	
Dec 1 2008 	An affordable gem	Recently, I was looking for a centrally located, hotel in Delhi, which was not $300/ night! Happened to go through the reviews on your website and came across Hotel Palace Heights in Connuaght Place that seemed to fit in my budget, and scheme of things – both in terms of location and just the general feel. I was able to easily make my bookings through emails that were promptly answered and all doubts were clarified. From the moment I entered to the time I checked out (4 days), I knew I had made the right choice and had found really good hotel in Delhi. A place that I would like to come back to and recommend to others. The rooms were very clean and done in a very fashionable style, but most importantly comfortable to stay in. Some hotels take fashion to an extreme and make it uncomfortable But this place seems to have struck the right balance. The in-house restaurant was an absolute treat. Seems to be a very popular choice as there was a long waiting even on weekdays. The hotel was very courteous to keep tables for hotel guests on hold and never made us wait for a table. Plus a special discount for hotel guests in the restaurant. Also the room service was very efficient and even at 3 am in the morning the food was served with a smile. The Internet was truly, wireless and truly unlimited with no snags or hidden costs. In India, many a places advertise about their wireless but it really is pathetic. Initially, I had some technical difficulty getting on to their wireless on my MAC, but the front office guy came and solved everything within no time. A suggestion to the hotel: it really is a nice place, though they do have a long list of wines, cocktails and all kinds of alcohols being served; available in the rooms and in the restaurant. A small watering hole that one can go to after a long day of work in the city will go a long way in making me feel even more at home. Wink wink.	
Nov 1 2008 	Definately a good place to stay Service is the best	After reading the revieiws, we booked the hotel. I was hoping for a clean place, and they defnately met that requirement. The room we had was a bit small as others had pointed out, but it was clean, well equipped, comfortable, and right in the middle of the city, close to most everything.The real standout was the service at the hotel. They carried our bags, arranged for transportation, had excellent room service, and met any extra request we had. One of our travelers in the groups was sick. They went out and got her medication we requested, made special meals for her, and kept an eye on her when we went out exploring the city. I couldn't have asked for anything more for my little sister when she was sick.Definately eat in the hotel's restaurant. It is great food. I was really worried when we arrived, because from the outside, it looks like a hole in the wall and I would never have booked it, but it is completely different from the inside. Don't let the outside picture worry you.Because it is located in the heart of the city (Connaught Place), it is a bit expensive, but you are paying for the location. It is definately cheaper than other hotels around the area when we were looking.	
Oct 4 2008	Great choice in this price range.	The Palace Heights is probably one of the best hotels in Delhi in the moderate price range. The location, rooms, service are great and the restaurant is fantastic. The staff were especially helpful and welcoming. Highly recommended.	
Sep 22 2008 	It's ok - but come for the food	Good points:- No noise from street- Central location- Cheap / good value- Good facilities in room (plasma TV, large bathroom, minibar)- EXCELLENT restaurant with 24 hour room service. Come here like the locals to eat fantastic North Indian food- Very reliable airport transfers, cars were right on time- Helpful staff who rectified issues immediately (see below)Bad points: - Noise from other people's rooms, slamming doors, voices in the corridor etc- Bed sheets and towels were dirty when I arrived - but this was quickly rectified - Surfaces also dirty - reception didn't apologise but immediately sent a cleaner - Expensive minibar - but what do you expect! - The sink drain was very smelly and some flies congregated around itIt's a good choice but expect some noise from other guests, and question the reception if you don't feel things are that clean.	
Sep 10 2008 	Friendly 	I've booked this hotel via Desiya an Indian website and got a good price. I was a bit concerned as I was going over with my small fella and the wife. It has been a wonderful experience - breakfast was brilliant as they had continental as well as Indian Poori Bhaji which was delicious! As my wife was indisposed for 3 days they made hot chapatis to take into the room and my son enjoyed his cereals. I had my Beer &amp; dinner all days at the hotel and the service was attentive - they served good mughalai dishes! My son had Rice &amp; Dal Makhni all the time which he call Brown Sauce!! As mentioned already the TV is good as all rooms had independent SKY receivers for entertainment. This is a very well located hotel for shopping trips to Pallika Bazaar and short distance away from Ghafaar market, thoroughly enjoyed the walking until I got dehydrated?!!! Very clean place which has recently been redecorated - recommended.	
Sep 3 2008 	Clean Modern cozy central	While travelling to India I booked through the internet this hotel.There were not many pictures and not much information but reviews seemed to be good enough so I took the risk. It was well worth it. This small hotel in the centre of New Delhi, is not only close to everything but may be the the best choice for an affordable yet clean and beautiful stay. It was recently renovated and although the rooms are small, it has good service, it is clean and quiet (unlike the rest of India). has aircondition (but no heating.. even though the temperature on January is quite low.). I definitely reccomend it as a safe, cheap, and clean choice.	
Sep 2 2008 	Fantastic!	A true gem. Hotel Palace Heights is a superb boutique hotel in the heart of Delhi. Exceptional service and friendly staff had us staying at this quiet hotel twice this summer. Spotless rooms and central location, the hotel's Saffron Restaurant is also a treat.Staying there was truly heaven. Our thanks to the wonderful staff who made our stay in Delhi memorable.	
Aug 12 2008 	Clean great staff - a little gem	While a lot less ostentatious and pricey than the big international hotels in ND, this little place really deserves its high rating.Stayed here for a few days arriving in India, and then again one night before shipping back to Europe. The staff is extraordinarily friendly, and the rooms are clean with comfortable beds and have good modern amenities (plasma TV every room with international news channels for those of us that still like to stay in touch). While located smack in the middle of Connaught Place with plenty of restaurants around, the hotel restaurant is also worth a visit. Well priced and delicate food, looked after and managed by a very helpful manager and really nice staff.The only drawback is the lack of pool / SPA. For that, you have to go to the bigger hotels in the outskirts of town (well, so so) so its up to you if you want to make that trade off. All in all, a place we can warmly recommend!	
Jul 10 2008 	Clean safe and comfortable hotel in Dehli!	Arrived in New Delhi and our transfer was waiting, as promised. Check-in was easy and the staff were great. The room was modern, but small and the view was less than spectacular. If you plan to be in Delhi for a short stay and will be on the go most of the time, this place is great. If you are planning to spend nights in, it could feel a bit tight. That said, everything else was amazing. The room itself is has a flat screen TV, snacks of fruit and bottled water at no extra charge. Room service is great and it's offered 24 hours a day. The linens were very nice and very clean. The pillows were lovely. The bathroom had beautiful floor to ceiling marble, the shower was large and there was a good supply of hot water. I think the power may have been an issue once, but not bad. The towels were clean and all the toiletries offered were nice. The complimentary breakfast was huge! For the low price this is a winner, clean, great service and a central location make this hotel hard to beat!	
Jun 16 2008 	comfortable stay	I stayed in the hotel for two nights &amp; had both the dinners here. The hotel is a contemporary one with all the style, elegance &amp; modern amenities. The food in the restaurant- Zaffran was really blessings to the tastebuds.	
Jun 8 2008 	Stay away for the love of God	We just completed a 5 days stay at the hotel. two days prior to our arrival we asked for airport pickup. That didn't happen, and not much of an apology was provided.We arrive at the hotel. and it takes them 30 minutes to check us in, even though we are the only ones there. Funny thing about that, the hotel claim to have 40 rooms, actually they only have 15. and the lies continue. They also claim to have free internet access. what they mean is, if you have a good internet subscription for your phone, it will also work within their hotel. They still tried to convince me they actually did have a wireless network, I said show me, then they said, they don't know how, and they can't call anyone.The room is so small, you feel clostrophobic. And the aircondition only has icy cold or really hot. The &quot;fancy&quot; flatscreen is the oldest LCD samsung available, and the picture quality is awful. All the furniture is cheap plastic.Someone below has mentioned they give complementary fruits, water and cookies. but don't eat the cookies, otherwise, you don't get any new ones, and if you don't eat the fruit, they just leave it. see the tasty picture of the moldy fruit. and even the bottled water is expired. are you kidding me.The building, is a completely delapidated building, doesn't matchwebsite pictures.the &quot;wonderful restaurant and breakfast&quot; that someone mentioned. There are two fruits cut last night, some cereal, and then you can order and omelet or pancakes. Don't do the last, it gave us a little brown present for two days - if you know what I mean.Location: connaught place is really dirty, shopping is very good, but you just feel disgusted with the dirt and flies. If you are Indian, no problem, but if you are white, there are 1000 conmen ready to approach you in a very aggresive way. Our Indian friend also advised us not to go outside after 7. yes, I said 7.Now to the masterpiece. The reception. They are 20 years old, and have the combined intelligence of a 10 year old. They cannot answer any questions, like airport question, shopping question, internet question, etc etc. When we were checking out, the boy spent 30 minutes counting the minibar, and when we went back to the room, he actually checked one more time before we could leave, just to make sure we didn't take a 40 Rupee cola. keep in mind we just spent 32500 rupees for the room.All in All, do yourself a big favour. Do not budget travel in Delhi. We have been to a few hotels in India, and this one takes the price. WOW.	
Apr 25 2008	fine for a short stay	Arrived at this hotel located on the second floor of a period building overlooking Connaught Place just before midnight and the staff were expecting us. The room is clean, functional and 'modern', with mock wooden floors and minimalist furniture, decorations and bathroom. Linen was spotless and towels plentiful, and there were chocolate biscuits for an evening snack along with complimentary bottled water. But the room felt small, and if there was any more than one of you it would not be somewhere you could relax at the end of a long day's sightseeing or really get comfortable if you just wanted a 'day off'. There’s something a bit clinical and cold about the décor. We stayed there in transit (arrived midnight, departed 0700 the next morning) and it was fine, as it would be if you were on business and in meetings all day. Breakfast was included in the room rate and you can have it either in the restaurant or delivered to your room (no extra charge). The breakfast was fine without being memorable. The hotel gets an 'above average' rating because it was clean, the staff helpful, and the cost spot-on.	
Apr 21 2008 	very nice hotel	We stayed 4 nights in this nice hotel very welll located, clean , staff is very nice and helpfull at the reception and in the hotel restaurant The Saffran In a previous review one person mention that the only bad thing he could say was that the towel were old, well they replace it for new one The beds are very confortable . They give you every day 2 bottles of water and fruits , newspaper in the morning and on arrival they serve you juice. We tried near the hotel the Zen restaurant which was very good , it is about 5 minutes by walk from the hotel on your right side when you get out of the hotel. Do not be surprise but when you arrive the building do not announce what is inside the hotel is on the seconf floor of an old buiding, the hotel was renovated 1 year ago. It is not expensive for New Delhi do not hesitate to book .	
Apr 17 2008 	Great	Just great. Very well located in Connaught Place, great rooms, nice furnished and modern decoration, flat screen tv, nice bathrooms, nice restaurant, very friendly staff, affordable... Definitely this is the kind of hotels you want to find. I'll be back.	
Apr 15 2008 	Very good hotel	I went to India on April the 3rd and stay at Palace Heights for 2 days after going to Jaipur, and stayed there in the last night in India on April the 10th. This is a very nice hotel, good rooms, not very large but OK, with LCD TV and they offer each day mineral water and a fruit basket. The bathroom was very good too.The dinner and breakfast room was nice, and the staff very friendly. And I must say this is an hotel in the center of Delhi, near the Indian and international shops. I recommend this hotel.	
Apr 10 2008 	Cute little hotel	Very small room. The staff were friendly and helpful . It's very good for the price and location and running around in Delhi.The restaraunt, Zaffron, is the best thing about this hotel. The menu is great and the prices are about $15 per meal.I recommend this hotel when you are in Delhi.	
Apr 8 2008 	Refreshingly good...a must stay on your visit to Delhi	Location: at the heart of the city. you can never ask for a better location. This is considered to be the finest location in New Delhi.Rooms, Staff, Service, Reception: ExcellentBreakfast: Complimentry and excellent choice of menu.Very good decor and so peaceful.	
Apr 4 2008 	A Hidden Gem	Excellent management &amp; staff:-This place has an unassuming front and is fairly new. Small with 14 rooms, but excellently managed. Well staffed and no pressure to tip whatsoever. Your every wish is their command and they make you feel special. Asked for hair dryer, iron, extra towels etc. and all supplied within minutes. Forgot to switch off the &quot;do not disturb sign&quot; outside the door on one occasion. Hence found rooms not made on return in evening. Called reception. No problem. Room made up in 10 minutes. Seldom does one see such service.No queues for check-in or check out as there are only 14 rooms.24 hour room service @ no extra charge. Safe deposit &amp; Minibar Good air con / heating .Thick fabric window blinds keep the blazing sunlight out and let you have a late morning sleep.Plasma TV on wallComfortable super king size bed with nice pillowsLarge interior illuminated wardrobe with plenty of space. 2 full length dressing mirrors on wall .Complimentary breakfast - cereal, fruit juice,egg, bacon, sausage, toast, Indian poori with potato masala. Egg served many ways. Try the masala omlette which is like a spanish omlette &amp; is lovely. Coffee expresso, cappucino or simply black.Free newspaper and a call for breakfast before they close at 10.30am (in case you forget)!Toilet:Extremely clean &amp; shiny toilet with a brilliant shower. Plenty of hot water. Shampoo, body lotion and soaps all provided. This the only hotel toilet I have ever seen where the mirrors do not get misted after a shower, thanks to the excellent ventilator fan, which also removes any odours instantly. Plenty of thick clean towels.Airport pick up by hotel worked well.Restaurant:Checked in at 12pm after a late flight and although it was closing time for the attached Zaffiran restaurant, they still let me order from the menu! Their food is very good . Tandoori chicken cooked to perfection. Also try their lamb dish (cant remember the name) which is a whole leg of lamb prepared with exquisite spices. The hyderabadi mutton biriyani is also recommended. Plenty of locals eat here. For $25 2 people can have a three course meal! Nice decor and ambience as well.And all this for GBP $150 per night in Connaught place. What more can you ask for? Interestingly, when I tried to book rooms via trip advisor, all the booking agents said &quot;room not available&quot; and offered rooms at other places, but when I emailed the hotel directly, they had vacancies!On the other hand if you want window views and gardens, look elsewhere, but for the price, this place cant be beaten.Certainly recommended and will stay here again.Good management always counts!	
Apr 3 2008 	Did not honor reservation agreement	I shared a room with two friends. The manager confirmed via email that we would have the room for six nights before we paid our deposit. On arrival they told us we will only have the room for three nights. Different people manning the hotel reception gave conflicting reasons why this is so. However their reasons were not convincing as from the booking screen on their computer we noticed that two other guest were booked into our reservation. Furthermore the manager that agreed on our six night reservation is nowhere to be found even by his own staff. They tried to move us to another related hotel that is out of the city center which we refuse to due to their prior breech of trust. We were in Delhi for a conference and had to skip part of it to look for another hotel. This was extremely disruptive. The impression I have is the hotel tries to get you there before moving you to a less popular co-owned hotel due to &quot;unforeseen circumstances&quot;. I recommend not using this hotel for important business since they do not honor their reservation agreements unless you do not mind finding another hotel at the last minute. Apart from this, the rooms are well furnished as expected for the price that they charge, and service is prompt.	
Mar 30 2008 	Great Choice for One Night	Overall, this was a fine place to stay for one night; however, no one met us on arrival at IGIA to take us to the hotel, even though we had previously booked the transfer and re-confirmed prior to arrival. Not the best way to start off our stay. The hotel claims someone was there, and we just didn't see him. We waited for 45 minutes, then decided that no one was coming. There were TONS of drivers with signs waiting, just not for us. We took a pre-paid taxi, which was easy and reasonable, but taxi drivers don't seem to know where this hotel is. If they can get you to Connaught Place (which they DO know), just stop someone on the street and ask for the hotel, telling them that it's located behind the Odeon Cinema (there is more than one cinema in Connaught, though). The hotel is very small and unassuming, somewhat difficult to spot from the street (it's on the second/upper floor above storefronts). There is an entry door on the ground level, which was well-lit and staffed by a security guard and two other employees (e.g., bellman and restaurant maitre 'd, I think). There is a lift to the second floor. The lobby area is tiny (just the front desk and two chairs), off which is the Zaffron restaurant (attractive, well-staffed, but we only had drinks so I can't comment on the food). Our room was tiny as well, just enough room to walk around the perimeter of the bed. The bathroom was a decent size, with standing shower and Western toilet. Some basic toiletries were provided. Hairdryer upon request. The room was very modern and pleasant-looking, with a comfy bed, suede throw pillows, and flat-screen TV. Complimentary wi-fi access in the rooms worked perfectly. Two bottles of complimentary water were provided, along with chocolates and a fruit plate (we did not get to sample the included breakfast due to an early departure), welcome drinks upon arrival. The hotel was able to change money for us; there was no ATM machine visible nearby. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again; it's a great value (approximately $150 USD for a double room) once you find the location.	
Mar 9 2008	Excellent hotel	stayed 1 night, extremely helpful staff, clean modern room, good restaurant, a sanctuary in the middle of delhi, very near excellent metro system stationi have only positives to say about this hotel	
Feb 21 2008 	Smashing hotel !!! Clean tidy and central!! 4 star !!!	This hotel is lovely. its clean tidy and very well positioned. it bang in the heart of everything. I would rate it as 4 star !!!The staff are friendly and alway willing to help you.There is also a lovey restaurante in the hotel.The rooms are fitted with a plasma screen tv and mini bar.There is also a railway near by. we went to agra for the day to see the taj mahal. its 2 hours on the express train or 4 hours on the normal locals train. we went on the express train to agra and returned on the locals train just for the experience. i would reccomend this.	
Feb 16 2008 	good central hotel	This is a really good hotel to arrive to in delhiIts in a central location and the staff were very nice even though there were too many knocks on the door for one thing or anotherIt was clean and comfortable but the towels were old and grey!When i started looking for a hotel in delhi it was really difficult to find one that wasn't either really expensive or that looked dirtyThis was neither even though it was more expensive than any other hotels i stayed in in india but it was definitely worth it	
Jan 27 2008 	Wonderful Boutique Hotel	The Hotel Palace Heights is certaintly excellent value for a stay in central Delhi.The service overall is outstanding. Full of nice touches - complimentary fruit bowl &amp; chocolates on arrival - the best hotel soaps &amp; lotions I have ever used - and very good breakfast with courteous &amp; professional staff. The rooms *are* small (as is the hotel - no large foyer or bars you enter via lift) so I would not book for an extended stay - but they are as modern and stylish as you will find anywhere, for a weekend or overnight you couldn't ask for more. I booked direct via email - and though I had change my original booking to 1 night (from 2) in email this was not acknowledged - so ensure you are clear from the outset. But I was not penalised so all went well. I'm in debt to the fellow reviewers on this website - I would not have found or chosen it without your help - so I am glad to add my voice to chorus of approval - my only regret is not staying in Delhi for longer !	
Jan 6 2008 	Pleasantly surprised	When I first started searching the net for a Delhi hotel I was horrified at the cost of accommodation. We definitely wanted to stay in or close to Connaught Place because it is so central and position is very important . I realised I would have to pay a bit more than usual but searched for medium hotels. The Palace Heights looked ok and the photos on the hotel website were good. It said that the hotel had recently been re-furbished. I realise now that this refurbishment is in preparation for the 2010 Commonwealth Games. Took the plunge and booked. My husband and I were travellling with another couple and none of us were strangers to India, so we were prepared for disappointment. Arrived at the airport and took a pre-paid taxi. Remember to have the printed full address on hand to show the driver. Connaught Place is divided into sections and it's important for the driver to have the full address. We arrived and took the lift to reception. Looked allright, clean and modern. Yes, they were expecting us (relief) and we were shown to our rooms. Airconditioned, modern and clean with flat screen television on the wall. The bathroom was compact, marble and clean. There was no view from the window but yes, the hotel passed our test. We ate at the restaurant and it was excellent. It was packed with locals which is always a huge recommendation. We stayed three nights and had no complaints. Then we left our heavy luggage there while we travelled in Rajasthan for a week. We returned for a final night, luggage was safe and sound, restaurant still great, the staff always obliging. Breakfast was served in the restaurant and was ordered from the menu - nothing flash but certainly good. This is a good hotel and certainly fits the bill for those not wanting to pay 5 star Delhi prices but wanting pleasant surroundings, cleanliness and a safe place to rest and of course position.	
Jan 4 2008	Great Hotel in the heart of New Delhi	Hotel Palace Heights in New Delhi is a great hotel. We stayed there on two seperate occasions during our trip to India and were pleased with both experiences. The hotel has been renovated relatively recently. The rooms are very modern and sleek, and most importantly, clean. The room we got on our first night in Delhi was small, but comfortable. The bathroom was clean and new, and the water hot. On our second time around, the room was bigger, which was nice, and equally clean and comfortable. It seems in Delhi that there are few options in the mid-range budget - everything is either ridiculously expensive and luxurious, or ridiculously cheap and disgusting. Hotel Palace Heights is right in the middle in terms of price and a wonderful bargain. It is in the heart of Connaught Place, too, which is an excellent location. The attached restaurant, Zaffran, is delicious. The food is safe and clean and really excellent. The service matches the food and decor. Like many places in India, the menu shows no liquor or beer, but it is available, which you will no doubt be glad to know after any amount of time in India. The staff were kind and helpful. Highly recommended.	
Jan 2 2008 	Heaven after Hell!	We stayed here for 1 night on the 13th December after 2 nights at the Hotel Ajanta (see seperate review).This hotel is in Connaught Place, section D. We booked with the hotel after turning up with our suitcase! I was trying to work out where to stay in the taxi from the Ajanta Hotel, it was that bad! This hotel worked out at approx £80 bed &amp; breakfast for the two of us.Room was small but had everything you needed, reminded me of a Marriott hotel back home. Bathroom was lovely, water was either very hot or cold but hey a small price considering where we had just come from! Plasma TV on wall, coffee &amp; tea facilities. They also gave us fresh orange juice and a fresh fruit platter - nice touch! Breakfast was freshly cooked. This area is very western with KFC, Macdonalds, TGI Friday's etc but we ate at a restaurant next door from our hotel called The Embassy - nice food but be aware as not only do they add a service charge they also add 'output VAT'.  I would recommend anyone to stay here but as it's a little bit expensive it would probably be ok for the 1 night.	
Dec 1 2007 	A pleasant place to stay in New Delhi	My girlfriend and I stayed one night at Hotel Palace Heights in New Delhi on 27/11/07. Having spent most of our holiday in India (Rajasthan) in budget accommodation, we decided to spend a bit more to just chill out for our last night in India.Our double room cost 5500Rs + 12.5% tax including breakfast. The room was excellent - comfortable, extremely clean, a nice ambience (the staff said the hotel had been refurbished around February this year). There were some nice touches like complimentary welcoming drinks (apple juice) and later a fruit platter during our stay. Service at the hotel was reasonable without being fabulous. Reliable hot water but in our room it was very difficult to find a comfortable temperature (ie. temp was either very hot or cold).Because we didn't really spend much of our holiday in similar accommodation, I am unsure whether this price is reasonable or comparable to other hotels in New Delhi. The only thing I could compare it to is Hotel Jukaso Inn (Connaught Place), recommended by Lonely Planet, which we booked online in a last minute rush for our first night in India, for which we foolishly paid 3850Rs + tax for a double room - it was terrible (dirty, small)... completely different to Hotel Palace Heights, which is literally a few doors away.	
Nov 27 2007 	Great hotel great location	Hotel Palace Heights is a great hotel in a great situation in Delhi.The staff were lovely and the level of service was amazing. The room was small but very nicely furnished although there were no views. The bed was very comfy.We ate lightly in their restaurant on our last night in India the food was good and I felt that we should have taken advantage of this earlier in our stay.Although our room was small, I felt that the Hotel Palace Heights is aspiring to great things.	
Nov 23 2007 	Lovely small hotel	This is a very small and charming hotel situated very centrally in the buzz of Connaught Place, about 45 mins drive from the airport. It has been very recently refurbished to a high standard with modern and tasteful decor. The staff were very friendly, courteous and attentive throughout my 2 night stay. The room was not particularly large, but had a big bed, flat screen tv, and immaculate marble bathroom with large shower. There is no view to speak of, but that didn't bother me. The restaurant is also excellent, serving very tasty and good value Indian food in pleasant surroundings, with a good choice for breakfast (not buffet). I found it very difficult to find a reasonably priced hotel in Delhi which looked any good, and did not want to stay in the big chain hotels. This hotel fitted the bill perfectly - I can thoroughly recommend it to anyone.	
Nov 23 2007 	Excellent hotel	Palace heights is an excellent hotel at a great location. Close to the metro from where you can explore the whole city. Rooms are clean and everything works. Very nice and helpful staff. Really a great place to stay for peoplpe who want a save haven in a crazy city !! Close to all the shops at Cannaugt place.	
Jun 27 2007 	Excellent place to stay	This Hotel is located in CP in Delhi. Simply VOW... I think its a boutique hotel.Its truely amazing. Room rent was around Rs 4500/= for single room and experience was fantastic.Room was very small but stylishly done. It had flat screen TVand the interiors were superb.Thumbs up and 5 stars to this hotel.	
Feb 24 2009	toll - aber...		
Apr 17 2008 	Absoluter Geheimtipp		
	Very friendly staff; Convenient Location	Stayed here with friends as a hub in and out of New Delhi. The hotel arranged car service to/from the int'l airport and to/from the Taj Mahal the next morning. I definitely recommend this hotel as a stress-free way of traveling around and into/out of Delhi - they took care of everything and were happy to assist.	
Nov 24 2009 	Wonderful service clean rooms and well connected with local drivers	This place is perfect if you are interested in keeping the costs down, while also enjoying a clean and safe room. The frinedly and pleasant staff fulfilled all our requests, and they arranged drivers, and guides who took us to the Taj M. as well as to and from both the airport and the train station. The wokers at the hotel even gave us early morning warm Nescafe mocha drinks. If I ever make it back to Delhi I would for sure stay at the Hotel Pearl Plaza.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great hotel - Clean 	My boyfriend, two friends, and I stayed at this hotel for two nights. Prior to our trip I was emailing with a number of hotels in this neighborhood near the train station. Vishal from the Pearl Plaza was by far the most responsive. In advance he arranged for:--A car to pick us up at the airport at 2am when our flight arrived--A car, driver, and guide for a day trip to Agra--2 Clean hotel rooms with plenty of bottled water We had a great experience. The hotel was very clean and the staff was very helpful. The prices for the hotel and all the additional services they arranged for us were also very reasonable. Happy travels!	
Nov 15 2009 	Nice place reality of India will hit you in this neighbourhood	We stayed at this hotel a few times. The rooms are OK. The linens are not spotless, definitely had not been changed but this is normal for Indian hotels/hostals (unless you go to upscale places), so bring your own if you wish. Also if you use the AC, there is no blanket and it gets pretty cold. I had my sleeping bad. The first time we stayed the AC worked the whole time and the room was freezing. The next time, the AC was turned off through the main switch downstairs so it got stuffy and hot. Complain and ask for a discount if this happens. Everything is negotiable in India!Rickshaws and taxis are easily accessible, the staff will even fetch you one if needed. Friendly, safe, hot water, good price.Located in Paharganj, metro station (Rama Krishna) is 2min walk, plenty of dirt and beggars, so if your first time and day in India, be prepared to be shocked. New Delhi railway station is super close and a ride with a rickshaw should be no more than 40-50 rupees. Nizamuddin is farther away.	
Jun 6 2009 	Clean hotel reasonable prices	We stayed at Pearl Plaza in Paharganj, Delhi for 2 nights in the middle of May 2009. We got lost in Paharganj (which is a big market) on our way there on the first day, but on the second day we had no problems finding it anymore, even at night.Here is a summary of our impressions from the Pearl Plaza.positive:- email communication with the hotel was very fast (we made a reservation in advance. In Delhi making a reservation in advance is strongly reccomended, as there are not so many good hotels and prices are quite high)- very good price for double AC room (no breakfast, but breakfast could be booked extra for 80 Rs. p.P.) - 1100 Rs including taxes.- reasonable price for airport pick up - 600 Rs for AC car. The Airport is quite far away from the city (ca 30min drive). Prepaid taxis from the eirport are cheaper, however.- friendly staff- nice, modern furniture- warm water- comfortable beds- clean linen- laundry and dry- cleaners' service which was quite cheap (15Rs. p. piece of clothing) and returns the laundry on the same day- free tea around the clock- TV and fridge- a lot of restaurants, internet cafes and shopping possibilities all around.negative:- no internet- many rooms have no windows- ACs temperature is being controlled centrally, by the reception staff. Thatswhy our room was quite cold when the AC was on. We even could not switch it off ourselves.- no wardrobe in the room	
Sep 1 2009 	buona sistemazione e buon prezzo		
Oct 26 2009 	Awful Hotel	I was travelling with a group of friends and we decided to stay at this place. Big mistake. We booked far in advance, but they managed to book us one room to few. When we argued with them and showed them various emails that proved booking, they said that we had not asked for enough rooms and that it was our fault. At first they told us that some of us would have to stay elsewhere, but in they end they finally relented and found us another room. The staff were rude and pushy, barging into our rooms at odd times of the day and evening. Also, we had to wait for about an hour at the front desk whilst they checked various booking details - they seemed determined to find a reason not to let us stay. The rooms were dirty, pokey and noisy.	
Jun 28 2009	Ok if you're not expecting too much	This place is ok but don't expect it to be perfect. Location is good. It's quite close to the metro and it's very close to a nice shopping street. It's a bit in a building area so when we first arrived in the middle of the night it kind of scared me out. In the daylight it was a bit better though. Rooms are ok, make sure you have one with windows, the ones at the back are the most quiet. Place is quite clean (for Delhi-standards), didn't see any bugs at least. Rooftop restaurant is nice, they serve food that's quite ok, breakfast is ok too.	
Jun 11 2009 	don't stay here	Not a good place to stay! We were there as part of a Gecko's tour. The room was dirty, the bathtub was stained and they use moth balls in the sinks which end up smelling up the entire room. Service was really weird. We were two women travelling together which may explain the &quot;extra&quot; attention we received. The bus boys would knock on our door for various &quot;reasons&quot; and when we opened the door they would attempt to push their way into the room, I had to start standing in front of the door to prevent this. There was also a knock on the door at 9:30pm (we didn't answer) which was not followed up by a call from the front desk so who knows what they wanted! There are much nicer neighbourhoods in Delhi - don't stay here!	
Apr 19 2009 	Not a bad place to stay...	After reading previous reviews of this property I was a little bit sceptical about how comfortable my stay would be. I stayed at the hotel twice during my first trip to India and found it to be good. The location is good, close to a lot of shopping and the metro station and restaurants are not far away if you ask the hotel staff. The staff were extremely helpful, the porters and reception staff were able to help us with any of our questions and booked taxis for us. As for the rooms, they were clean and comfortable. Yes, there is a wet bathroom - which is common in any part of Asia. We also ordered room service and the food was prompt, fresh and tasty - the porters always rang the doorbell and waited for us to answer the door. It is a standard budget hotel in India and it was better than I expected - especially after reading other postings.	
Dec 4 2008 	Not a good place to stay	The hotel was booked by a travel agent and for the price they charged (I have stayed at much better hotels for the price I paid here), I expected much much better. The floor was dirty, bathrooms were wet..i was disgusted. Dont know about food and restarant quality as I decided not to eat there after I saw the rooms. Also the area is very noisy and crowded. I have attached some pics I took...	
Jul 31 2008 	Far from Perfect but not that bad	Really not as bad as previous reviews suggest in my opinion. The exterior doesn't bode well and it is definitely budget but we found the staff delightful and helpful. Room was OK, not dirty. It had TV, fridge and large bathroom. Did not use the restaurant so can't comment on it. However do not use this hotel if you are looking for luxury!!	
May 8 2008 	Cheap place	Rasika15/02/2008Sri Lanka,This hotel is not so good, but it's a good budget hotel. Staff is not so friendly, but supportive. Room boys don't speak English, we had a bad time with them due to lack of communication. Food was not up to our expectations, but ok ( since this is a budget hotel). Rooms were clean &amp; tidy enough. Bathroom was clean &amp; ok.You can find a PIZZA HUT &amp; a MACDONALDS little far , but working distance from the hotel.Also if you like to have Indian food there is a good clean restaurant very close to the hotel and there is a big night market too. Also you can find lot of money changers near by the hotel. Roads are really busy &amp; noisy. So considering all these I think, a person cant expect something more than this from a budget hotel. I would like to recomond this hotel for travelers who look for cheep hotels. Remember to bring bottled water along with you......	
Apr 14 2008	Dirty hotel	By far the worse hotel I've ever seen.Been to India a lot and for half of the money they charge, you can get much better.Don't go to this hotel people they will try to rip you off after you've seen how dirty and cheap the rooms are.They have one suite and they put these photos on the net.Absolute misguidance.When I stayed there I called my travel agent immediatly to find me a different hotel.	
Nov 21 2007 	Strange	Strang, strange hotel. Far from perfect..Booked by a travel agent through this tour we did. By far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. We ate in the restaurant once. We were alone. The waiter took our order, dissapeared for about 45 minutes and returned with the food to stand the other side of the restaurant and stare at us eating. Another waiter also stood and watched us and also took photos of us with his mobile phone.We ordered room service from then on. Still they don't knock, just come into the room, close the door behind them.. I know the culture is different but the hotel only seems to get Australian, American and British guests and they should know that we find this extremely rude.The area was absoloutely awful. We couldn't even find somewhere to buy a bottle of water. We felt very scared, always being followed, and were not happy here at all.	
Oct 24 2009 	no complaints	It was perfect. nice room, cheap price, and especially the staffs. we will definitely stay in this Hotel Prince International again.	
Mar 8 2009 	Don't bother!	Decided to try this place after reading the two previous positive reviews which I am suspicious of their origin as our experience was not great. Our lift (arranged by the hotel) was not there when we came out of the airport at 1.00am. No prob got a taxi to the hotel which was all dark with people sleeping in the reception area on arrival and one snoring very loudly in the back room(so much so that I thought they were digging the road up). That was ok until we went to our room which smelt like a sewer and was right next to the noisy lift shaft which kept going all night. Our bed was damp which in Feb is not great as it is cold. After about 6 hours in our room we couldn't wait to leave at 8.00am so went down to reception, still staff all asleep in reception area so we picked our way over them and outside where it is dead no rickshaws anywhere. Nobody moves around here until 10am. Someone from the hotel came out and told us to come back in and call us a taxi to the train station as we needed to book tickets to get out of Delhi asap. After half hour of wasting our time finally a man arrives who turns out to be a travel agent, he then spent the next 2 hours trying to terrorise us into hiring a driver for $800US for 4 days! He took us to the back entrance of the train station to make it look as bad as possible, (we later found the front entrance which was fine) and then convinced us we would be better booking our tickets with him (just a lure to get you into the office then the hardsell starts!). When we finally realised we were being done over we decided to leave and they proceeded to try and intimidate us about 2 women using the rickshaws etc etc. We left and had a bit of hassle with the rickshaw drivers but just got out if they wouldn't take us where we wanted to go and eventually we got to the train station about 12pm! Got our tickets in 10 minutes and went straight back to the hotel and checked out and moved over near the train station. This hotel is not in a great location as advertised, it is totally dead and not really Karol Bargh it gives a bad impression of Karol Bargh area. Wouldn't like your chances if you need to get to the Train station early in the morning. You are at the mercy of this hotel once you arrive so be careful. The night staff were pleasant when they woke up and nobody was rude to us but they tried to take advantage of us and our room was rubbish so would not recommend for 900rupees including tax, 500 would be a fairer price compared to what we found. Especially if you can get a room that doesn't smell and is dry and not near the lift.	
Jan 24 2009	Truly a great place	Comfortable, well priced, and very clean. Nice staff, and a good internet connection. They even pickup from the airport. Would stay here again.	
Jan 23 2009 	A Real Bargain in Delhi	This was my first time in India so I really didn't know quite what to expect. When my taxi pulled up in front of the hotel at 3:00 am I was exhausted and more than a little unsure of myself. As soon as I stepped inside the lobby, the staff's attitudes immediately put me at ease. While the hotel is very close to the Karol Bagh Market, it was surprisingly quiet and close to several nice restaurants like Alpha Spice, Raffles (great thali) and Crossroads and about 5 minutes away from a Metro station.. My room was clean and had hot and cold running water. Room service was very quick and the food basic and good. All in all I would heartily recommend Hotel Prince International	
Nov 3 2009 	I thought the Prince Polonia was an excellent hotel for the money	I stayed at the hotel on two ends of a trip to Nepal and India in August to early September. I found the staff to be most accomodating and helpful. Ok, some were obviously looking for tips but were in no way pushy about it. I was surprised at how good the breakfast was and I was even offered to have it delivered to my room. I found the room clean and comfortable and, as a single woman traveler, felt very safe there. I have stayed at various grades of hotels all over Delhi and plan to stay there on my next trip. Its location off the main street meant it wasn't as noisy as some. And I had a room right on the street.	
Sep 29 2009 	Not a Trust Worthy Service Provider	Hi Guys, I am writing this negative review to buzz you in advance to think once to stay at this hotel. I visited their hotel and chosen super deluxe, I went to shop in Paharganj. When i back and saw that my expensive camera was lost. I asked the Manager to call the police but they denied to Call and miss behaved with me that i am putting false allegation. I lost the trust completely.	
Sep 23 2009 	Not a great start to our trip	On arrival in Delhi this really isn't where you want to head. The hotel itself is fairly grotty and basic. It's difficult to find decent budget accommodation in Delhi but I really recommend paying just a bit more and you'll find the quality greatly improves. We mainly chose it for the location near the station and the advertised pool. Both of which turned out to be extremely dirty and horrible. Didn't feel at all safe.We used the travel desk advertised to book our train journey onwards and a driver to take us to Agra for the day. After spending a few weeks in India it was obvious they ripped us off. The car we were taken in was very dirty, much like it's owner. The driver kept stopping the car and disappearing whilst leaving us with the windows down (was none to keen on switching on the a/c) for people to come and harass us with monkeys! They also added about £10 service charge for booking our train tickets for us. Unbelievably sly!!The restaurant on the roof was nothing special whilst the sprite I was served was evidently not sprite, nor anything of a a fizzy nature. We also never got out included breakfast.It really was the worst place we stayed during our trip. For budget accommodation it was not good value for money.	
Apr 20 2009 	Great location rooms and food.	Delhi is a hard place to find good accommodation but Prince Polonia held it's own for us. It is on a quiet street (quiet by India standards) but only seconds from all the hustle and bustle you need. The rooms are clean, large and quiet (worth paying a little extra for the deluxe, try room 401 on the roof top). We didn't use the pool but nice to have the option and the rooftop restaurant was surprisingly good, and a quiet retreat. No beer on sale, but I think they will let you buy it and drink it on the roof. The hotel arranged a pick up from the airport for us at 3am which was a relief.	
Mar 4 2009 	A good choice for central Delhi	The hotel is central and the staff are helpful. We used the onsite travel service to organise a car and driver for a weeks trip to Agra and Jaipur - very good service and excellent drvier. The room we had was OK only but the rooftop restaurant was a bonus. The street was not quiet when we stayed there so I'd pack earplugs just in case! Would I stay here again? Yes, there are many many places that are a lot worse!	
Jan 4 2009 	Good location great rooftop restaurant	We chose Hotel Prince Polonia for its close proximity to the New Delhi train station, its affordable rates and the good reviews it got from Lonely Planet authors and other travellers. The reviews were the decisive factor because the other hotels we were considering had multiple comments about travellers getting ripped off while checking out. We're happy to say that we did not have such problems at Hotel Prince Polonia. The only thing that bothered us was that they never returned our passports to our room as promised after obtaining the necessary information for their records.Rooms were simple and comfortable, which was great because we just wanted a quiet place to sleep without having to pay for all the frills of other western style hotels. We found that inside rooms were much more quiet than those facing the street. This was significant since the main road and market are just down the road and are busiest from 5pm to 9pm. Unfortunately, the lack of windows in the inside rooms deprives you from enjoying sunrise and sunsets.The two most useful features of the hotel for us were free internet access and the rooftop hotel. The rooftop hotel had Indian and continental dining options, good prices and courteous service. We always ate the Indian fare (which seemed to surprise our server at first and then just made him really happy to serve us), and it was in retrospect probably the best meals we had during our trip.One thing we did not like was that the guy at the front desk was not particularly pleasant. He seemed to respond reluctantly to our questions, but at least he was never rude.The taxi service was very convenient and the drivers themselves always friendly.	
Oct 9 2008 	Mixed Bag	Having stayed at the Prince Polonia on three seperate occasions in the last two years and in three seperate rooms I feel uniquely qualified to comment on the place.The first time we stayed there around 18 months ago we had a good stay. The rooms were clean, the location central, the majority of the staff helpful and the food palatable.Around a month ago we stayed and had a similar experience, although it has to be said that the manager (the son of the owner I believe) is a miserable git to the extreme and has a habit of speaking to his staff as though they are scum.At the end of our trip (about a week ago) we stayed again.We had seperate rooms this time because my partner wouldnt stop coughing. This time her room was terrible. It was very dirty and she found a cockroach running about. What's more there was large rodent poo in the bathroom sink and on the bathroom floor. When I phoned reception they sent someone up who cleared it up and then claimed that the rat wouldn't be back...hmm. I insisted that she get another room and after some grumbling and shouting from the boss to his staff she made the switch. My room by contrast was very nice and only about $8US more, had a big clean bathroom and good aircon and no rat poo or roaches.In conclusion, if you're going to stay here make sure you spend a little more and get a better room. Ignore the miserable manager who'll do his best to spoil your stay and instead talk to the nice older man (his father and owner?) and the younger guy in the travel agency in reception who are friendly and helpful and booked us train tickets over the phone from the UK.Oh, and don't guarantee that the pool will have water in it, it seems to change on a daily basis.PPS visit the little family run shop over the road the kids are the greatest salesmen and you'll walk away with stuff you didn't even know you wanted....	
Jun 19 2008 	Clean on a quiet street	I made the reservation by email and called to confirm before I traveled. The staff was helpful, they let us check in early since the room was ready. It was a little pricy compared to the rest of the hotels in the area, but it was clean and on a relatively quiet street. It was great for our first two nights in India.	
Jun 2 2008 	Don't believe the others. They Lied Twice	I have traveled throughout India extensively and am use to the horrible hotel situation in Delhi. Upon seeing this hotel ranked so high on trip advisor I thought I'd give it a try. I booked two nights over a month apart. The first night on April 27, 2008 I arrived and they did not have the room I requested, even though I booked it a week in advance and had an e-mail confirmation I asked to see several other rooms but ended up having to take a lower grade room. Then they tried to charge me the more expensive rate. This first night the room was ok. Not the cleanest but for Delhi standards okay. The main problem came on my second night, June 1, 2008. This time it was me, my wife and three kids and my sister in law. We booked a triple room two weeks in advance. According to their website the room was supposed to have a balcony, bathtub, 1 king bed and 2 twin beds. When we arrived I ask to see the room first. They took me to a small room with only two beds and no bathtub. Needless to say I argued with the manager for almost an hours while by wife and three small kids all were just waiting in the lobby.. They eventually gave us a room with three bed and a balcony but still no bathtub. In all the 10 rooms they showed me there were not any with bathtubs. I don't think they have any. The room itself was not clean. Broken wall fixtures. Dirty bathrooms. There was even still trash in the bathroom from the previous occupant.. Piles of dirt and dust behind and under the bed didn't make me feel safe to let my young kids play and the gritty floor. We had booked three nights but decided to change hotels. The manager and staff were very rude to me and refused to come with me to look at their website that stated what I should have had. I even presented my e-mail communications with the manager stating what I had booked. Basically don't trust the hotel manager he lied to me several times. We switched to the Grand Godwin and so far it is great. I would not recommend this hotel and will never stay their again.	
May 28 2008 	A good introduction to india	This place was clean and the staff were helpful. Rooms are basic biut comfy with a tv and air con.we had organised a pick up from the airport after arriving in Delhi quite late, the staff on reception were great, getting us fresh water and food on arrival.we got locked out of the bathroom on the first morning, but they quickly got a handy chap in to fix that.The rooftop Restaurant is lovely, breakfast is included in the price and there is a choice of indian or continental. The hotel is located near to the main bazaar and the train station, you can get a rickshaw to connaught place - beware though they will take you to emporiums unless you give them an exact location.the travel person attached to the hotel was really helpful and arranged a trip to agra for us very quickly. free internet access is also a plus in this place.	
Apr 2 2008 	Good one in a convenient area	Had a super deluxe room, which was comfortable and quiet enough for a good sleep and it's pretty spacious. The staff were mostly helpful, except for one missing wake-up call, so as the attached travel agent. Could help book train ticket, which is much appreciated since it managed to get me one from Agra back to Delhi even the booking site I checked said it's full.A minor complaint is that the porter is constantly looking for 'help' so as to get tips.	
Jan 25 2008 	Good value in Parharganj	Delhi hotels are generally pretty expensive and Parharganj is about the cheapest area to stay in - it's also very handy for New Delhi railway station when you want to move on. My wife and I stayed here in December 2007 and paid 1390rps (about 35 USD) for a double AC room with shower room and balcony overlooking street. Breakfast included. They provided airport pickup for 500rps.Good clean room, friendly helpful staff, good rooftop restaurant. There are much cheaper plays to stay in Parharganj - but you'd have to be on a very tight budget or desperate to want to stay in some of them.	
Nov 15 2008 	A ne pas recommander!!!		
Aug 20 2009 	no complaints basic and clean	this hotel was just fine, no problems, room was clean&amp; bright, staff were courteous. in hindsight, maybe a little expensive but it's a good idea to have somewhere like this booked before arriving in delhi	
Mar 3 2009 	When you follow an Indian guy down an alley blame yourself.	So, you’ve wandered into Paharganj, down Main Bazaar rd &amp; stepped off the main street into a small back-alley past a dozen hole-in-the-wall businesses selling hot curry-the-food &amp; the stomach bug, tobacco, toilet paper &amp; ‘bottle-water’ straight from the local tap &amp; found yourself here, or more precisely been led here by a guy from another hotel promising you the cure for cancer &amp; your very own private jet. Welcome to the Hotel RAK International.The young reception dude has a suspicious mustache, wears a buttoned shirt with the top 4 buttons undone, tight pants, sandals &amp; wears gold jewelry, yes I know, he obviously pulls the foreign girls no doubt probably works for his rich uncle, it’s the sort of place you remember when you regret things in your youth.We paid 550 rupees for a 2 bed room without air-con, fan &amp; hot water, we paid this much to avoid a few other rooms with more mould &amp; filth in the bathroom. Negotiating for a price is a must no matter how poor your skills are, just check out the bacteria &amp; germs we paid for…Yes, im not very good at it I know. Most of the rooms are of such quality in this hotel as well as most of Paharganj’s alternate budget accommodation, you are spoilt for choice for this type of humble dwelling so take your time choosing your rats nest, there are always plenty more available. Our 34cm TV at least worked &amp; didn’t blow up, our fan didn’t fall off the ceiling &amp; we didn’t ‘really’ require a mosquito net. Nor was the water green or brown &amp; there were definitely no ghosts in our room. We had to climb up 5 levels worth of stairs &amp; yes there was no elevator, this is a health warning to fat people to look elsewhere.The Hotel RAK International has a roof-top restaurant staffed by ethnic (Asiatic) Nepalese who answer to the cool reception dude with the moustache &amp; gold jewelry; you know they are paid in crumbs so tip well as they are cheerful &amp; friendly, unlike the reception staff who are friends with the mosquitoes there. However for a fraction of the restaurant price, I suggest you wander down Main Bazaar rd &amp; sample the foods that the locals come for such as fresh lassi &amp; fruit juice, samosa’s &amp; chicken kebabs.Don’t bother booking any taxis or motorized rickshaws with the hotel staff as they charge almost double the street rate, but if you did &amp; you stayed here to save money, I shake my head at you.The management here operate 2 more hotels of similar quality next door &amp; around the alley as well as a main one on Main Bazaar rd, they will promise you the world to shuffle you around once you agree on a price so they can keep the better rooms for those willing to pay the most. Remain calm &amp; try not to start any fist fights with management as us foreigners are clueless as to the true meaning of the side-ways head wobble which could mean anything from a simple yes, no, a combination of both or a coded signal to masked Indian ninjas waiting to jump you.Stay in Paharganj if you can hack it, it’s a seedy place full of shaddy Indians, hippies, wannabe hippies, ignorant holiday-makers &amp; true travelers. Bring a silk bed sheet to avoid the rashes &amp; old mattresses, bring an open mind, your travel guide &amp; enjoy India as it should be enjoyed the hard way.	
Sep 4 2008 	Loved the Staffs	I loved this hotel. it was perfect. nice room, cheap price, and especially the staffs. they were all very nice and very helpful. if i go back to new delhi, i will definetely stay in this hotel again. its just the best hotel for the backpackers and for everyone.	
Aug 3 2008 	Good location for New Delhi station.	We only saw one room since it was the last one available. The room was pleasant enough, although it was right next to reception and the front door, and thus noisy. Delhi is a noisy city, so always inspect a few rooms first. In this hotel the bathroom was dirty which prompted us to move down the road to Hotel Vivek (check the review!)The main reason you will end up on the Main bazaar in a hotel like this, is because it’s close to the New Delhi train station where you can catch the all important trains to Agra (to see the Taj Mahal) and Jaipur. Both trains leave early morning, and this hotel is literally minutes away from the station. Incidentally go straight to the international ticket office on the 1st floor to buy these tickets. It opens 8am-8pm (2pm on Sundays), and ignore the people that tell you it’s closed down/being renovated, and direct you to their friend’s/brother’s travel agent.Staff were friendly enough, and not that bothered when we told them we were moving out!We paid 750 rupees for a double room with A/C and en-suite bathroom. There was no breakfast included.	
Apr 24 2008 	Budget but nice...	stayed at hotel rak international twice recently whilst in delhi and liked it very much. it's basic as are most budget hotels in the area but i love paharganj and it's bussle, and my room was quiet and clean. hotel itself is nothing special and you're not allowed to have guests in your room, but think this makes for a peaceful stay which after a days walking around the madness of delhi is very welcome.	
Nov 16 2009 	El personal es muy gracioso		
	Dirty cockroach infested room and terrible front desk service	After spending much time selecting this hotel for our trip to Delhi, I would strongly advise anybody not to stay here. Our room was dirty, filled with coakroaches (woke up with one on my pillow), the front desk service was terrible, we were made to feel awful because we didn't book our driver through Rajasthan through Ranauk's travel desk and wouldn't let it go, it took forever to get simple things like clean towels, had not hot water and almost missed our train to Delhi because the man at the front desk forgot to provide us with a wake-up call (luckily, we had set our alarm) and instead of telling the driver to take us to the trainstation, the taxi driver tried to take us to the airport.Overall, the room was filthy and the front desk service was terrible. The only good thing about this hotel is it's proximity to the Metro...which makes for easy travel around Delhi...and a lovely breakfast included in the price.	
	Perfect Hotel	I had a nice stay in the hotel with my wife. A homely &amp; clean environment with prompt service was great. Staff was kind and helpful. People are friendly and helpful; the area is quite centrally located with easy transportations. We had a nice stay and sweet memories.	
	“Recommended”	Our stay was fine there. Their tour assistance was good. We appreciate these guidance given for our trip.	
	Educated and Good Staff	We stayed in two hotels in Delhi before picking up this hotel. Theworst about those hotels was the uneducated and useless staff. Here isthis hotel I found people with great knowledge. The Boss has travelledto 30 countries so far. Everybody was great.	
	"Great service"	Raunak Hotel is definitely one of the best hotels we have stayed at in new delhi, India. The rooms is simple but large and clean. The room service and hotel staff is very friendly and helpful. The travel desk within the hotel is great. Location is OK	
	Awesome and enjoyable trip	The hotel is good positioned, the staff is very friendly. Housekeeping, Manager is really helpful; all the staff members are really nice and helping. Even there travel desk is very helpful for, they organized our trips.	
	Best Hotel and Good Service	I stayed at the Raunak hotel in new delhi The property is beautiful. The rooms are modern and sleek. The flat screen TV is great although they could have probably invested in some satellite TV to give us more channels. I mentioned this and they gave me extra with no charge. The lobby bar is very nice I really enjoyed this hotel If they get the internet situation sorted out I would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 26 2009 	as we wanted	We are an old age couple and our third time to india. Hotel is good. Wi-fi, lobby and restaurant are few of the good things in the hotel. A construction site nearby was the only turn down. Orver all fine.	
Nov 23 2009 	I would not recommend this hotel to anyone	We were very disappointed with this hotel. I have stayed in Delhi three times before at better hotels for the same price. To begin we waited at the airport for over an hour to be picked up. I phoned twice and was told the driver was there. They did not tell that he was not in the airport but ouside in the parking area because they are not licienced and so can not wait inside. Then we were sold a very overpriced tour, as I found out later, again because we they are not a tour company or have no licience, we were told if there was an accident to get out and run. The car was not the best with bad tires etc. We we arrived back at the hotel the next night we were told we had to stay at a different hotel which actually was better, bigger room. The one in the Raunak International we could hardly get in. We went off touring India and when we got back we were told again we were in another hotel. This time we were not picked up at the airport at all and ended up getting a taxi. There was no late check out available, even though we had checked in late in the evening. The restaurant in the Raunak was fairly but at the other two hotels owned by the same man the food was dreadful.I definitely would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 23 2009 	“Worth Recommending”	If you don’t want to spend more and want value for your money this hotel is worth staying. Best point is the location and informative staff	
Nov 22 2009 	“luxury at budget price”	We booked the hotel dirctlily via email. They did not charge any money for advance booking, as decided and promised we were picked up from the airpot, the reception boy welcome us with a smile, we were give good room. The bed is really comfortable, matress are so soft and good. We had a nice sleep. Room is big and clean. Breakfast were served nicely ( I liked parta). There is a small travel desk here near restaurant which we approached to get information about city. We were impressed with there hospitality and booked our entire 1 month with them. It was an amazing holiday with a mix of train, bus and car. This review is to thank them for their services. I recommend to everybody who want great travel at normal price.	
Nov 21 2009 	“Comfortable Trip”	We booked from malasiya directly with the hotel on our friend’s recommendation. We got a good rate. They sent a good taxi for pick up and same nice taxi to show us Agra and Jaipore. Rooms are clean, laundry is sparking white. Staff is polite and helpful. We had a comfortable trip in india becouse of them.	
Nov 20 2009 	Best of the Best Hotel Raunak	We booked five rooms in hotel Raunak International in delhi. When they came to know marriage anniversary. They organized our party for us and presented us with a beautiful chocolate cake. We enjoyed very much. Such a good hotel. We were feeling great. This place is lovely .This place is lovely rooms have everything you could desire and are very nicely decorated and as clean as possible. The warm welcome from Staff adds a great touch and breakfast cooked to order was spot on. This place is faultless and having stayed there first time I wouldn't stay anywhere else when we are in delhi again.	
Nov 19 2009 	Cheap Hotel Near New Delhi City Center	We stayed Raunak International for four nights and it was our refuge from the busy streets of Kowloon. Despite being in a shopping, restaurant and pub area our room was cozy and quiet. We had a room on the back side and had no street noise. We found the staff to be very attentive and pleasant, always quick to open the door and greet our arrival and departure. The glass bathroom door is a bit odd but we were reading the newspaper and a real estate story profiled a luxury suite with all glass bathroom walls. May be its more common in Delhi than we think.The hotel is close to the New Delhi City Center to be an excellent base for our exploration	
Nov 18 2009 	“promt service”	Our pickup, check in and checkout was swift every body knows what they have to do. I liked this kindness and dedication towards making improvements. You will be taken care.	
Nov 16 2009 	Safe Heaven For Female Travelers	Large rooms, free internet on my laptop, flat screen TV’s in lobby andin room, DVD was provided to us free of cost. A good holiday wasplanned to Agra &amp; Jaipur by the manager and he gave us his own car. Wewere females between 20-25 years of age and were so safe in thishotel. We wanted to walk in the street at night, the manager sent theguard with us.	
Nov 15 2009 	Smart Service	We stayed at the raunak hotel with my family during our recent visit to india. The hotel is very good location close to karol bagh metro station. Staff was always very friendly &amp; helpful and the rooms were clean, good and a nice restaurant provides the best curry. We loved this hotel. The hotel is impressive with high ceiling and modern furnishings and very modern with a beautiful lobby it was our home for a total of 6 nights during our 1 week trip to India this winter.	
Nov 14 2009 	Recommend Raunak	stayed with my family for 3 day. Clean rooms, good food, nicebreakfast, friendly staff, location was also good car recommend tofriends coming Delhi.	
Nov 12 2009 	Good Hotel Great Hospitality	I went to Delhi for my business trip and happened to stay in HotelRaunak international. To my surprise I found the hotel at par with the star hotelsin the city. Nice ambiance, good interior, soothing music, latestfacilities, friendly and courteous staff - putting all these togethermade my stay very comfortable. I really enjoyed my stay. I woulddefinitely recommend it to all my friends and colleagues. Keep up thegood work.	
Nov 10 2009 	Close To My Heart	Going on a honeymoon to India. I checked in to Hotel RaunakInternational in Delhi. The moment they came to know about this. Wegot a special treatment. A bunch of flowers was sent to our room. Inthe evening the boss came, to our surprise this was a party at theroof top restaurant. All staff and great were invited. It was kept forus. Next day the hotel organized a trip to Taj Mahal, a symbol oflove. We were touched by the gesture. This hotel will always remainvery close to our heart. Special thanks to Mr.Singh.	
Nov 9 2009 	Awful Hotel	On our recent visit to India we passed through Delhi 3 times and this was by far the worst hotel that we stayed in.... maybe even in the whole on India. It started with Check in. On arrival I noted reception staff telling guests that the metro was too far to walk to. This is incorrect it is 10 minutes. I assume this was a prelude to a sales pitch but am not sure. The whole check-in process took over 40 minutes. The reception staff was constantly interrupted, anwering the telephone, calling out to other staff, speaking to other guests etc and we were completely sidelined. Not what you need especially after a 16 hour train journey in. Finally we got to the room which smelt stale and sheets were dirty. My pillow case had dried food encusted into it. This was too much. My boyfriend complained to reception who said we would have to wait one hour to speak with the manager. This was not good enough and we decided to go directly to the managers office. In fairness the manager was kind and courteous and arranged to change our room and upgrade us. However I would say the upgrade was hardly worth the bother as the new room though bigger was also not clean. By this time we were beyond complaining further and ruining our time with arguements. The water was also never hot. If we had not prepaid in advance we wold have left the hotel. I really like the Karol Bagh area. There are hundreds of hotels here. One thing is for sure is that this one is not good value for money. They charge European prices with substandard quality and service. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. My advice is not to book in advance and have a good look around the area.	
Nov 8 2009 	Good place in hotel	Nice feature elegantly appointed room sand suites in a variety of decor with quality amenities. The spacious accommodations, exceptional service, and the outstanding Good place in hotel, make this hotel an unparallel Royal Experience.	
Nov 8 2009 	Value Service 	Counter staff is efficient, centrally located, near other parts ofimportant in Delhi for a travelles on holiday it is a good hotel willsgood service. I did not pay much for a room which is worth and if thiskind of a room is in other parts of the worth and, I am save the rentwould be higher.	
Nov 5 2009 	Lovely People	Comfortable room, clean laundry, staff is lovely, helps you for your every query. Intelligent management, things run perfectly. I stayed for 3 days and found it worth recommending	
Nov 4 2009 	Raunak International Hotel is International	We were very fortunate to find this hotel in Delhi. We were doubting on the service because the rates are very less. But when we got world class service and beautiful rooms. We are surprised. We are really impressed. Everything we could think of was available and very well placed. We will come again and please give us room no. 403 because we have sweet memories in that room. Good wishes and try to please all foreigners like this.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Place	Stayed with a shoestring group. Good room, great service and helpful staff. Nice breakfast and dinner happy and will come again	
Oct 31 2009 	my new home in delhi	i went to delhi in mid september with our dancing troop to participate in our inter university feast..we stayed there at hotel raunak arranged by the organisers only.the hotel was really fantastic and we all had a great time staying there.everything related to it was great.my earlier experiences with hotels in delhi hasnt been great but everything was just so good.....staffs were so cordial and provided brilliant service.again food was really good in the restaurant.again according to their standards maintained it was reaaalllly a place to go for. i think i have found my place in delhi now.	
Oct 29 2009 	Fruitful Experience...	friends, Hotel Raunak provides service in true sence..i was really surprised by the hospitality they have shown..delicious food, good ambiance, melodious music and a good peace of architecture... its a blend of true values and good services, that to at a reasonable price...&quot;what more 1 would need 2 change a mood...&quot;i wish all the very best 4 the hotel managment...keep up the good work..	
Oct 29 2009 	Best Place To enjoy moments with your partner	We stayed in this hotel for 3 days. We enjoyed very much. The staff is friendly and very helpful. Hotel is very Clean and tidy.Manager and team was very helpful and always working with the intent of making us comfortable. I liked the food.Home service was Excellent.	
Oct 24 2009 	The Best Budget Hotel In The Centre Of The City	The best budget hotel to stay in while in Delhi. Every thing is very closely connected with the metro station and shopping places. The Staff at Raunak are always warm an welcoming when I go there to stay. The rooms are all newly done up and the rooms are very clean and tidy with wifi access for internet and a 24 hour restaurant. This hotel is best value for money.Romit	
Oct 24 2009 	Excellent Hotel with Smart Service	The hotel is centrally located so makes it easier to move around the delhi city. We really enjoyed our stay in the hotel, the staff was very helpful and provided good service. The rooms are clean and very good. i would recommend this hotel.	
Oct 21 2009 	Worst hotel I ever stayed	i was confirem at Raunak Plaza but upon arrival ended up staying at this hotel owned by same owner. This is form on Con by booking traveller in to higher rated hotel then making them stay at lower rate hotel. management should be ashamed of themselves.the following did not work: hot water, internet access, shower doors AC water dripping on pillows, unclean towel, not to mention the bed sheets.worst experience of my travel.	
Oct 19 2009 	Thanks for raunak hotel manager	I came to delhi with my wife. I booked a luxury room with cheap prices in hotel raunak international for three days. I enjoy delhi sightseeing with my wife. This hotel is very good location and very clean. The service, foods and the rooms are of excellent quality I think its like a five star hotel. Last day suffering from fever but the hotel manager helps me. The hotel manager called a doctor and treatment me. Thanks the hotel manager. I would like this hotel, when I came to delhi I stay this hotel again.	
Oct 18 2009 	Comfortable journey in delhi	We travel to Delhi several times in a year and generally we prefer to stay at the raunak hotel. It is conveniently located on karol bagh near new Delhi railway station. The hotel is closed to shopping market. The staff is prompt and efficient and the rooms are comfortable and extremely well maintained	
Oct 16 2009 	Good value; terrible service (apart from the Manager)	The hotel was ok, although no hot water and a shower glass panel sitting in the bath wasn't ideal. The manager was really helpful when we arrived and arranged train tickets for us for the very next day (the train station was closed) at an inflated price. The general customer service was very, very poor, firstly they didn't pick us up from the airport (although after much insistence they paid for our taxi fare), room service kept knocking on our door and rang us whilst we were sleeping to give us food/drink that we hadn't even ordered. The next morning the waiter in the restaurant became really aggressive with us as he kept trying to insist that we had to pay for our breakfast, even though it was complimentary. It appeared that none of the staff actually communicated with one another at all. I haven't stayed anywhere else in Delhi for a point of reference, so perhaps my review is harsh, but bad service is my pet hate I'm afraid.	
Oct 15 2009 	Decent Budget Hotel	Hotel raunak international is a leading economy hotel. It is a convenient place for family and holiday travelers offering personalized services in your budget. the staff were very helpful.This hotel is ok, Room was clean, spacious and with all basic amenities. Very good value for money.	
Oct 14 2009 	Splender Budget Hotels in Delhi	Raunak International.One of the best in my view.clean room with best food , hospitality is excellent, i read some of the feedback from other people and i booked this hotel, i was full satisfied with the hotel staff , very helpful , The hotel arrange Tajmahal tour and delhi sightseeing also very good . i recomeded to my friend for nice experience in this hotel.	
Oct 13 2009 	Thanks for Raunak staffs	I came to delhi with my friends. Mr Nafish gave me a fresh room in Raunak hotel with cheap price. I stay one day here. I would like good behavior and good service of Raunak hotel staffs, foods are very nice. Guard properly takes care of my car whole day. So I am very happy. My opinion is when I came to delhi I stay in Raunak hotel again. Thank you very much Mr Nafish and Raunak staffs.	
Oct 11 2009 	Excellent service than expectation	We have got excellent service in low cost .All are enjoy the moment in a great joy. So at the end we must visit this place again when we got leisure time so thanks to all the staff and owner of this hotel for their service .	
Oct 11 2009 	Splender Property	This budget hotel is conveniently located few meter away from the karol bagh metro Station and close to shopping market. Staff was friendly and well trained. Service was quick and prompt. Room was well maintained and finely clean, and have all the modern amenities. Food was very tasty. Location was very convenient	
Oct 6 2009	Loving with nurture and care	I decided to a travel tour with my family to Delhi-Jaipur- Agra- Delhi- Haridwar - Rishikesh during the 1st week of July 2009, school/ colloge summer holiday time.We wanted a comfortable package tour including sight seeing places coupled with continuous transport conveyance with us and stay at good hotel for accomodation for all the above places.To accomplish our dream, we started surfing in the net to enquire our requirement to fulfill.Many travel package had contacted for this but the response with offer which I received from Hotel Raunak international Delhi made me surprise as this was the best with reality what we wanted.They did everything for us. We only sent 25 % of the advance money to them through on line transfer of money .They booked in advance all accomodations at the above 4 places with INNOVA car A/C for conveyance.Our stay at all these places were lovely and very nice , hotel rooms were very nice and clean. We were provided with free breakfast . Finally at Delhi we stayed at hotel raunak international Delhi for two days. The Hotel is very nice and excellent. Their staffs have excellent . Service was very nice and prompt. Hotel room is very neat and clean having very good decorations and all comforts like LCD TV and 24 hours room service. Hot and cold water 24 hours. We must appreciate the hotel boys for thier attitude and good behaviour shown to us. One day we had our dinner at the hotel room at night 12 . The food was hot and very fresh. Morning breakfast was served with many varieties including fruit juice.My wife is very fond of shopping. We did lot of shopping . This is possible only because of the hotel raunak is located in the midst of the big market and shopping place at Karol Bagh in Delhi, one of the great market place in delhi. Even at the last day we did purchase some fruits which were available very near to the hotel.This hotel is very good for stay at Delhi with resonable cost. Myself and my family members spent very nice time at Delhi nurtured and cared by Hotel raunak International , Delhi, during our stay there.My sincere thanks to Madam Pushpa bhamu of Hotel raunak International, Delhi , who had taken all care during our stay in Delhi and arranged all the tour travel package including accomodations and conveyance at all the places at a very resonable and competitive price, which is very surprising to me. She has looked for our comforts, happiness and satisfaction all through the time at all levels.Thank you madam for your great co-operation to us.With regards,B.DAS and FamilyVizag	
Oct 1 2009 	Visit to Heaven...........	I had a great time in Delhi in this hotel....which I chose after reading reviews posted earlier. I was there with my family and one more couple. The place is calm and most of the rooms have beautiful view. 5 reasons you should stay here: 1) Reasonable priced.2) Clean, value-for-money rooms3) Rooms are cleaned daily4) Nice and friendly staff5) Independent balcony with &quot;a view&quot;.6) Located in peaceful surroundings.7) The famous Birla temple is just 15 minutes walk away.8) They are nice people and make you feel “special”Best thing about the hotel was its location (not far away from mall &amp; the heart of Delhi(C.P) and loacted in peaceful environment), staff friendliness ( they arranged cab for local sight seeing and tickets of return journey as well), . Hotel Owner Mr. J.P Singh take personal interest in serving guests. And the food ( their cook really does cool job) Food was quite tasty &amp; Homely . Overall I was satisfied by the hotel and its quick services. I reccomend this hotel to anybody who is looking for a comfortable and friendly stay without paying exorbitant prices. If you are looking for a no frills, friendly hotel where you feel safe and looked after then I highly recommend it.Liked — rooms were cleaned on daily basis and great great food specially home made chapattis and nonveg cuisines. All things were just fantastic.  Disliked — nothing I selected this hotel as a top choice for Other	
Oct 1 2009 	Terrible hotel	I checked into this hotel on the recommendation of tripadvisor.However I was very dissapointed.I checked in at 11.30 am.I would expect that the hotel would be clean at the least.The room was not cleaned and was dirty.The room had a garish blue backdrop on one of its walls.The bathroom sink was broken and was leaking.We had to check out at 6.30 in the morning.This was informed to the hotel staff the previous day.Inspite of repeated requests there was no hot water in the shower.The hotel staff was rude and least helpful.	
Sep 30 2009 	A hotel with outstanding service	I go to delhi with my life partner, we stay in raunak hotel, we find there good service and friendly environment. i make good shopping in the market what is close to hotel , we were happy with hotels service and there cleanness ....................	
Sep 28 2009 	outstanding service in budget hotel	Location was good and also peaceful in the crowded city delhi, close to shopping area karol bagh. Rooms were modern and clean. Service was outstanding and the staff were coperative freindly.	
Sep 26 2009 	perfect stay in delhi	I came to Delhi in sep with our friends. We all planned to stay in Raunak Hotel, Karol Bagh. The stay was very good. All staff was great. They are very helpful. The market was nearby. We all enjoyed our stay in Raunak. The rooms are very neat and clean. The food was very delicious. Overall everything was perfect. If i got a chance than i will definately go there again	
Sep 25 2009 	Excellent trip with affordable price	It was so great experienced with Raunak Hotel, last month i stayed with my husband for three days. There i found excellent services, staff welcome us with smile. there i meet to miss pushpa bhamu who tell me about major temple and historical place in delhi like red fort, qutab minar and akshardham what i have never seen, she arrange a car for us. i have no word to express my thanks to her. really we enjoy this romantic trip.	
Sep 24 2009 	Value for money	That a place to hangout with freinds ... rooms are clean ... location is good //////// people are helpful .... facilities were fantastice ........ in true sence that was Value for money	
Sep 23 2009	i didnt expect what i got it was marvellous experience	it was excellent experience, i was little scared before i entered in &quot;raunak hotel&quot; beacause i did not have a good experience in same area with some other hotel but when i spent my half of the day i observed that staff were very cooperative and stood up with me 24 in to 7 whenever i want, food was too delecious .My friends were also shared the same experience .Furthermore i can say whenever i will get a chance surely i will take there service without any second consideration. i wish them all the best .KUNAL MAITHANI	
Sep 23 2009 	good location with excellent service	The hotel is located in a very excellent position in the center of the India's capital, within walking distance from the Karol Bagh Merto Station. Our room was good - clean and well decorated. The staff at the Home Stay were very attentive, we enjoy our 3 days in the hotel with pleasure.	
Sep 19 2009 	low price hotel	The staff was very good specially front office staff. The hotel was very good the tips is only to change your parking locatin near by the hotel. the hotel is bussiness hotel at low price and the services were very good.	
Sep 19 2009 	beautiful hotel	nice hotel with comfortable rooms, taxi service also promt.kids enjoyed the stay with the lovely staff taking care of them. they organised a small party when they came to know about my birthday.definetly stay here again.	
Sep 18 2009 	living like king	it was pleasant stay thr.. hotel was very neat n clean.. staff is always thr 4 u n ready to fulfil ur demands.. room service was quite good... aaahh!! Above all the food thy prepared was very tasty.. n hygnic tooo.... i loved dat place.. if i again got a chance to go to Karol bagh New Delhi.. i'll defintly stay thr....	
Sep 13 2009 	its was an awesome experience	hey it was great time staying at this hotel RAUNAK...the food is great ..and the service is best ...i could easily say that i gt the value for my money	
Sep 12 2009 	awesum	it was nice stayin dere....i loved d way i was treated	
Sep 1 2009 	Very good service - could be best with small improvements	Very good service by the manager and all the staff Hotel quiet , safe and near the metro stationPoints to be improved :* good infrastructure but rooms need to be refursbished sometimes* provide hot water after 10:00pm* provide taxi pick up without failure ( payed the service if not offered is not enough )	
Aug 25 2009 	it was all great	stayed with my husband and booked taj mahal tour with the hotel. they gave such less price and great service , good car, driver and good room in their agra hotel. staff was perfect and wanted nothing less then 100% customer satisfaction.my husband was happy about my selecting this hotel.	
Aug 25 2009	a nice hotel with some lovely staff	Hotel Raunak is within easy metro/ricksahw ride of all the main attractions and has comfostable basic rooms and a nice food. The staff are lovely and are very eager to help with anything you need.	
Aug 21 2009 	good business class hotel	i stayed here for india art summit in pragati maidaan. pick up was on time, room was spacious and well cleaned. location was something i dint like much. venue was easily approachable from the hotel via metro.wi-fi in room was a great relief.	
Aug 20 2009 	Good services	This is one of the best five star hotel in india, these is my second time visiting the hotel and it keeps on improving in everything. There staffs are excellent in relating to customers, the food, i really fell in love with it not to talk about the environment, well cleaned and good location. Security is the most important in business, i credit Hotel Raunak in security, free internet services for the customers, good job, keep it up.	
Aug 20 2009 	Very nice hotel with excellent services awesome food and kind and helpful staf	Very good hotel, we enjoyed it very much, the services were top notch, the hotel was very comfortable, the food was great, the place was nice, for sure one of the best hotels we stayed during our travel around India.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great place to Stay!	nice hotel, good location, clean rooms and bathroom. pick up service is prompt.food taste is also good. Good Job, keep it up!.	
Aug 15 2009 	Great Experience All Around	Great place to stay whether for business or pleasure. This hotel is very close to a large market area and a quick autorickshaw ride to everywhere else in Delhi. This hotel offers great travel packages for those who want to travel outside of Delhi to Agra or Jaipur at very good rates. The staff was friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay here again for my next stay in Delhi.	
Aug 4 2009 	Clean and very friendly	I can recommend this hotel the best.My room was clean and nicely decorated in a classic Indian style. The staff were very friendly and did everything to keep me happy.The hotel has free Wi-Fi in every room and the speed was enough for surfing newspapers with my laptop. But for YouTube and Skype I had to move up to the also free business-centre on the top floor where the speed was faster.This hotel is good value for the money.	
Aug 3 2009 	Best to choose hotel raunk	hi,Thanks for your best service to us. i like it very much.regards,Raku Verman	
Jul 19 2009 	TRUE EXAMPLE OF COMFORT WARMTH AND HOSPITALITY	An EXOTIC experince of a wonderful holiday.... Staying at Hotel Raunak was truely MEMORABLE..The hotel staff is very friendly..my child became very friendly with the hotel staff and enjoyed the most.. I was provided with a beautiful and comfortable room and the room service was very quick.. It is value for money, centrally located and its near the metro station..They have all varieties of food and had an authentic taste... My visits to Jaipur and Agra was also made easy and taken care by the tour services provided by the hotel.	
Jul 14 2009 	lovely hotel	nice clean hotel, pick was prompt and my agra-jaipur tour taken from hotel was pleasurable.	
Jul 12 2009 	best holiday ive ever had	The room is comfortable and the beds are super comfy. The service of the staff is exceptional and they go out of their way to cater to your needs. You also get a bathtub and LCD TV at a affordable price.The hotel is also well located in the heart of delhi, with all the popular destinations accessible by the Metro, which is a walk away from the hotel.	
Jul 10 2009 	Completely wonderful Stay	Hi, I am Kishan Singhania. I was looking for a hotel in Delhi. Once I found the Hotel Raunak in the website.I saw the pics and liked that very much. Than i decided to go and stay in that hotel only. When i entered in the hotel the lobby was very beautiful. And the staff of the hotel welcomed me warmly. I was so much impressed from the hosipitality. It made me very relaxing. After entering in the room i was feeling very good and comfortable. The room service is very good. Everything was just wonderful. I was thinking that i m in my own home. It such a great stay. If i got a chance than i will surely go there. And advised all my friends that just go and enjoy.	
Jul 8 2009 	stay with friends in Rounak is most important than other things	Hotel Rounak is the best areound all Indai which are having any kind facilities for day and night the waiters of Rounak are in service for full timeTher rooms for rest are leisurement the yard of Rounak hotel is interesting The value of stay there is cheapest then other hotelsshortly all facilities are avilable there	
Jul 3 2009 	best trip of my life	my room was very comfy. i like their matteress . room service too good and quick. they provide good food at reasonable price. nonveg was osum. best part for this hotel is its location . u can reach any major part of city very easily. metro station is too close. its a nice hotel with reasonable price . true value for money.	
Jul 2 2009 	nice hotel with clean envirement nd friendly staff	its a nice place to live.......i gone here for thrree days.....it has clean envirement nd nice friendly staff......nd it has nice location..for shopping nd all.....i really like a lot.....hotel staff had helped me very much to guide about delhii because i was totaaly straneg for thsi city.keep it up hotel mangaemnt and staff......	
Jul 2 2009	PERFECT HOTEL WITH AWESOME FACILITIES	hi, to all, good day,this hotel is superb mind blowing, every features and facilities are really terrific, i m very glad to see this hotel in delhi, it brings full stop in search for celebrating the any occasion with friends, family etc,,,,,,, and it brings happiness or smile on the faces of every traveller and tourist,,,,,, this seems that dreams come true,,Viom	
Jun 30 2009 	ROUNAK THE BEST	Rounak is the best hotel in new delhi with best location and for best value. rooms are so clean with clean bathrooms and with every facilties. view from top floor &quot;oh my god&quot; wonderful. hotel staff is very good and very helpfull. Food is very tasty with real taste of india. this is smart choice for smart people.	
Jun 30 2009 	Awesome Place - Awesome People	My visit to Delhi was for a hiring event for my organisation and I was put to stay in this awesome place where very good people with very high values work. This was my very best hotel stay so far. The rooms are excellent, very clean, very good services...Actual value to the money being spend. I am sure this can be one of the best hotel that anyone can find in and around Delhi....To know more i would suggest to visit once.	
Jun 29 2009 	Never Never Consider this hotel even in your dreams...	We were packed into a small car with our luggages but this was a free pick-up so we couldn't say anything.When we reached there our worst nightmare was about to begin....We went up to the room to see it first...There we saw the worst room..The bedsheet was an old and dirty one and the room was dusty.We started to say that we cannot stay in that room.They showed us another room which was equally bad.We called up our friend in Delhi and explained our situation.He told us to just leave the hotel immediately.When we went to the lobby,we explained that we can't stay in this type of place.We sitted in the lobby about half an hour waiting for our friend to come and pick us up.When we were about to leave,the receptionist asked us to pay RS 2000.We were taken aback as we stayed in the room for less than ten minutes.We just decided to ignore and leave.The receptionist called the mananger and he stopped us.He asked us to pay.We said that this is injustice.Instead the manager said that we were cheating him.The manager said that we cannot leave the place until i pay the RS 2000.The security guard blocked my friend's car from moving.WE HAD NO CHOICE BUT TO GO TO THE NEARBY RAUNAK PLAZA WHICH WAS THEIR HOTEL TOO.Luckily,the staff there were so much better and kind even though the room was just as bad.The staff understood us and made us feel comfortable.For RS 2000,THIS IS DAYLIGHT ROBBERY!!!!! IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A HOTEL,I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND YOU GINGER HOTEL AT RAIL YATRI NIWAS WHICH WAS SO MUCH INEXPENSIVE,NEWER,BETTER QUALITY AND SERVICE.THE RESTAURANT AT GINGER WAS SO CLEAN AND DELICIOUS FOOD AND THE PRICE WAS REASONABLE.SO,IF YOU ARE IN NEW DELHI,GO TO GINGER HOTEL INSTEAD OF RAUNAK HOTEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jun 25 2009 	EXECELLENT AND REASONABLE HOTEL..CENTRALLY LOCATED!!	very gud hotel..the owner of the hotel is friendly and helpful.i loved my stay in india and specially in this hotel as it is very clean and serves good exotic indian food..it is located centrally so my time was not wasted and i booked my trip to agra and jaipur from this hotel itself..it turned out to be reasonable and the staff here was very helpful. I thank mr. singh for making my trip memorable!	
Jun 24 2009 	nice hotel with friendly staff	had an overall positive experience staying at this hotel. even though the bathrooms could use some redecorating, the rooms themselves were tidy and clean. staff was very helpful and friendly. we booked a tour through them to agra and jaipur and it everything was arranged perfectly. located in a vibrant neighbourhood near the metro station.	
Jun 23 2009 	it was good one	i had good service in raunak hotel all employment were very intelligent and helpful.rooms were very clean ,they cleaned it every day,restaurant was good with indian spicy food , i could have many choices,the atmosphere there is relaxing and it was with good prices.	
Jun 21 2009 	Specification Of Raunak Internatinal hotel By: Farhad Hameed	India is historical Place and good for enjoyment, sightseeing and shopping. i have visited india before also but after i found raunak international hotel my coming to india and my trip is more enjoyable and easy for me. followings are positive points of the hotel1: Save and secure location.2: Near to Metro Station.3: Near to shopping centers.4: Beautiful and clean Rooms.5: Friendly Environment.6: Clean Restaurant with Delicious local and international foods.7: Highspeed Wifi Internet.8: Airport Packup and drop9: Wakeup services10: Prompt Room Service.11: Criedet Card service.12: Tour Services	
Jun 16 2009 	hotel from hell	i email contact to stay with this hotel during 6-14 June with my partners as i look from the photos from the hotel website and it's look not so bad but the first day i arrived the hotel, it was nightmare! i wish i can show you a photo but i didn't take any photo from the hotel. the hotel stay in a seriously bad environment with construction, dusty and noise pollution. when i arrive the hotel, they got only 2 guests in the hotel and when i see the room. i was shock coz the hotel is actually under renovating and it's dusty everywhere! you can put your finger on counter or floor, they never clean it. the bedsheet got stain on it and it's really dirty. teh floor never wipe with water and it's dusty everywhere. they show me another room and it's still the same. they call house keeping to clean the room and the house keeping guy wipe the floor by using his legs drag the wet towel on floor! they doesn't have the view at all. when the guy try to open the curtain for me, the whole curtain fell down! i was really upset and tired and i tell the them that i can accept this and i want to move the hotel. they charge me 1 night for RS 1,800 even i didn't stay and it's all because of they try to fake people and lie to sell dirty hotel that under renovating in constraction area. they also charge me taxi pick up from airport for RS 550 which at the front of their website said 'provide free pick up from airport' and they charge us another RS 1,000 to get our from their hotel to somewhere else! i seriously upset and speechless from this hotel. i been travel many countries and never see anything like this before. it was nightmare and disgusting. you will never ever see anything worst than this.	
Jun 12 2009 	I feel cheated	As other reviewers have said, the website photos are a lie. Our room was tiny and had no windows. I paid $55 a night for the &quot;executive room&quot; (a big discount of their published rates) and got what is worth more like $30/night in Delhi. The staff lied about our train tickets being confirmed then finally said there was no reservation possible so they could try to force us into renting their car tour to Agra. The price for local sightseeing is also apparently dependent on how much they think they can get out of you. Each staff member we asked had a different answer. Staff's English is poor. Several times during our stay there was no water and so the toilet wouldn't flush. The location of this hotel is OK, better atmosphere than Paharganj, but still lots of touts and insistent beggars.	
May 13 2009 	Great Place	I had a great time staying at this hotel. Started my travels through India with ease and I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends!	
Apr 24 2009 	home away from home	Raunak became my home away from home. I was picked up at the airport as planned.Staff was very quick to get back to me on verifying airport pick up. I was able to store my luggage there as well so I could travel lighter. There was WIFI and a great restaurant. The staff was friendly and extremely helpful and accommodating. Very relaxed comfortable environment. Staff really extended themselves to make sure I had everything I needed. Comfortable clean beds too!	
Apr 5 2009 	A home away from home	We stayed in this hotel for 3 days. We enjoyed very much. The staff is friendly and very helpful. The manager and his team are great, always working with the intent of making our stay a very pleasant one. Very well organized. A very good place to stay. A home, away from home.	
Mar 28 2009 	The best Hotel in Delhi!! very clean  hot water. Tanks!! definitive the best !	The best Hotel in Delhi!! very clean , hot water, TV in English.The food and the service was very good!For sure if i recomended Raunak International if yoyu need excelent hote and good price, Absolutely the best hotel in Delhi !!Tanks!Adriana (Mexico)	
Mar 17 2009	Exceptional service with friendly helpful staff...good place to return	The hotel is located in Karol Bagh close to the Metro station (Rs.8 to Counaught Place, Rs.16 to Central Secretariat). The hotel is clean with friendly staff and an owner (Mr Singh) that really takes care of a personal interest in the needs of his guests. We met many fellow travellers from the USA, England, and other places in the world.For a budget hotel, the price is reasonable, the room we stayed in was clean with a shower and hot water (just let the reception know about an hour you get in the shower). The linen and towels are changed everyday when the room is cleaned. The staff are really helpful in everyway and all speak English very well (all with qualifications in Hotel Management). Karol Bagh is a good shopping location, busy day and night. We booked for 8 nights and Im glad we did. There is a McDonalds located on the main street and a Pizza hut down the same road...I would recommend Vishals (on the same road) if you cannot manage to bargain with the vendors!Tips:- Make sure you have lower denomination Rupees (Rs.10's, Rs.20's, Rs.100's) in your  purse/wallet.- If you stay longer than 3 days in the hotel, buy the five litre water (Rs.50 with a Rs.15  deposit returned to you when you return the bottle). The fridge in the hotel cools it and  often makes ice. Transfer this water into you litre water bottle...in the long run it works  out cheaper.	
Mar 14 2009	good hotel for indian standard	According to the price we paid, the hotel was very good. At first, we booked a room in raunak plaza, which was near a construction site and very noise. The hotel manager offered us a new room at the raunak international hotel 2 streets further. The room was very nice, not small and clean. The hotel stuff was friendly and especially the managers assistant helped us a lot with booking travelling plans, shopping and other useful hints.The area is close to the center, with a metro station and lots of shops nearby. It doesn't look like areas in western cities, but it is a good place to stay in delhi	
Mar 9 2009 	The ideal place to relax after the journey.	We felt like at home threre. The owner is very friendly and hospitable. We were pleseantly surprised when he offered us showers and a place to rest before going to the airoport ( we checked out few hours ago!). The hotel is located in a lively neighbourhood with a lot of good restaurants, markets and all a backpacker needs. The hotel has got the Internet hot spot!	
Feb 5 2009 	Good place to stay	We stayed in this hotel for two days and this place is werth for the amount u paid. clean place, with all 3 star aminities. the food they served also good . the staff is friendly. nice place to stay, if we are going to delhi again we will definitely stay in this. GOOD PLACE.	
Feb 3 2009 	Avoid this hotel.	The pictures you see on the web are misleading. They appear to be doctored by a computer. They failed to pick me up at the airport leaving me stranded after midnight. When I called them they claimed &quot;the car broke down on the way&quot;, which was a lie. The staff spoke very bad English and had great difficulty understanding me. Hot water was only available for a few hours in the morning and had to be requested (if they can understand you) at other times. Most of the electrical outlets in my room did not work. Their solution was to bring me a powerstrip to plug into the one working outlet. The exhaust fan didnt work in the bathroom and the armoire smelled of mold. There is no hotel safe, you must trust the staff with you valuables. The staff demands tips and will inflate the price. There is no true money exchange at the hotel. They were unable to make change for small bills. I couldn't get them to call me a taxi, instead they offered their &quot;hotel taxi&quot; for double the price of an ordinary taxi. I had to go walking and find a taxi on the street. The hotel is located in a dirty alley. Even the taxi drivers have trouble finding it. The area is full of beggars and touts. This is not a 3 star hotel.	
Nov 26 2009 	El trato lo peor		
Oct 25 2009 	décue		
Oct 7 2009 	Super geweldig		
Apr 14 2009 	Excelente hotel con excelentes servicios		
Mar 5 2009 	médaille d'or de la saleté		
	Go for the upgrade room	My first trip to India. May not be my last, but my last to Delhi and Northern India. Stayed two nights. This hotel is ok. Friends made reservations. Had I known about upgrade rooms I would have insisted on one. Should have checked with them on what hotel they made reservations for. In the future in India - will insist on 4 star hotels. Have stayed in 3 stars in Europe and in Russia - but not the same. Would recommmend with explanation to get upgrade room. A friend did leave clothes in the room. When we came back a week later they had her clothes for her. So that was a plus.	
	Regent Continental - OK for an overnight in Delhi	Arrived at hotel late pm after 6 hour drive from Agra. Lobby clean and quite and impressive compared to surroundings and check in ok. Room average, air-con and TV worked but strong air freshener smell which turned out to be the insect repellent device in the bathroom, in fact there seemed to be a paraffin type smell in the corridors too. We went to the restaurant and looked at the a la carte menu but the maitre d' was very persistent that we and all other guests had the Indian buffet already prepared. We eventually acquiesced rather than chance Delhi at night as the area around the hotel was not too inviting. Turned out the buffet was expensive compared to the menu, I think we were misled. All well and went to bed. Breakfast was buffet style and ok too and there seemed to be a predominance of business people. Overall adequate for an overnight stay, and like most people you have to modify your thinking and expectations when staying in India on a 3 star basis..	
Nov 24 2009 	be careful which room your given	when we arrived we were given a room that resembled a dungeon. we complained and were assured that a better room would be given on our return 3 weeks later. it was better, but not much. make sure you see all type of rooms. silver is smaller but much better. service and food was very good however and location very good	
Nov 17 2009 	nice place...	my frnds booked this place for me as i hv been living in Petersburg since last 5 yrs. took time off to meet my frnds here. stayed here for 5 nights, before shifting to my frnds place. i zstayed all alone here but found it very comfortable. everything, the t.v , gyser nd ac , all worked fine. the breakfast buffet was grand and offered me many options. overall a nice place.the market around is pretty good. nice place to shop. the staff bell boy and rest too were ever smiling... keep it up people...nice and quiet place in the lively market....	
Nov 12 2009 	made my function memorable...!!!	i had my engagement on 30th of oct. and the arrangements were made by regent continental in their hall. this is just to thank the hotel on a whole on this public wall... most of our guests(relatives) arrived from punjab and canada, so we all booked this hotel for 2 nights and their banquet for the functn. . they made excellent arrangements for everything at the function. we even changed the colour theme of the decoration a night before to match it with my dress and expected the staff to show reluctance, but they all took it very sportingly. we enjoyed alot a night before and all thanks to these people, they made sitting arrangement for all of our extended family and us to play games in the night in their banquet hall and that too complimentary !! whole night we all kept odering snacks , tea and all and the service throughout was excellent.thanks to all!!!	
Nov 10 2009 	my money is well used...good shopping n staying place in the capital	i visited delhi in march 2009 n stayed in hotel regent continental for 4 days before i went ahead to jaipur.it was a good experience for a first timmer to india. India is a good country,the people are also very nice. My stay in the above mentioned hotel was done by my travel agent as i wasnt very keen on spending too much money on stay.but off course i wanted a safe ,cosy ,confortable n economical place as i was accompanied with my partner. The hotel took good care of us for the 4 days we stayed there. Service was good n so was the food.Being centrally located in delhi it was very convinent for us to travel to different place using the sky train. It was a lovely experience n i would certainlly like to go n stay there if ever i go to delhi next time.	
Nov 6 2009 	wonderfull experience	I am staying in Bangalore. I would like to share the experience of my delhi stay which part of jaipur trip. We reached quite late night in Delhi. It was our first visit and we were in quite tension. Booked this hotel through internet. And to our pleasure we were received by the reception with a warm smile. Our rooms were already allotted. So had hassle free check in. Quite decent gold class room. Clean and tidy. But what impressed me the most was the room-service. We were served food as late as 2 a.m. and it was delicious. Thanks to Mr.mukherjee we were offered huge variety. we had to check out the next day for our trip to Jaipur. Loved the stay though. The staff did a commendable job to make our stay comfortable. Thank u all	
Oct 27 2009 	Value for money...nice place to stay	i visited this hotel in march 2009 as some of my colleagues were comming in from the US. Since their visit was only for 3 days and they wanted to do some shopping as well so i decided to put them in a hotel in the heart of the city.A friend of mine recomemded me this hotel in karol bagh called regent continental.On my instructions the hotel made arrangements to pick my guests from the airport.i booked 2 super delux rooms along with a full time cab for 3 days. In these 3 days i visited the hotel very often.By the end of the stay all my guests were very happy with the room service as well as the staff courtesy.When the bill came to me for clearance i was surprised to see such a descent price of everything.It was a nice experience with hotel regent continental. great going guys.	
Oct 20 2009 	really very poor value	stayed here on our tour of northen india, by far the worst hotel.rooms were very small and dated. I don't know where the room photoswere taken but our rooms were nothing like those in the photos.service and food were very poor and breakfast was worrying as food was kept,well, warm. overall we were very disappionted with both rooms and location.	
Oct 6 2009	Terrible experience at Regent Continental	Noisy at all hours of day and night; in the middle of the night you could hear staff shouting and talking loudly and dogs barking incessantly outside.Room dirty, asked to change the room we were given cause the shower was filthy, second room wasn't much better.Dining room disgusting, dirty tables, dirty cloths, dirty cutlery. In the end they also claimed that we hadn't paid something (false) and receptionists started shouting and cursing against us and refused to give back passports until we paid what we wanted.Would never ever go back there!!!	
Sep 28 2009 	Disguting Hotel	This is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in anywhere in the world. Do not be fooled by the pictures on their web site the rooms do not look like that at all. The hotel is situated in a rundown, dirty and overcrowded area in what can only be described as virtually an alley way. Our room was too small to swing a cat in. The bed clothes were dirty. It was situated internally within the building so had no outside window. A small window overlooked a shaft reminiscent to a coal mine shaft. This was lit and hence lit our room at night. The bathroom was disguising, ancient and filthy. The towels were grey. The air-conditioning unit was so noisy you couldn't sleep. It also did not work and it must have been 30 degrees plus in our room. We complained to the front desk and they virtually ignored us saying they were full and there were no alternative rooms. It was only after my wife said she would sleep in the reception that they reluctantly took action. First they showed us an identical room and only after further complaints showed us to a so called VIP room. This was also disgusting but was larger and had a window to the outside world or should I say alleyway. The air conditioning also worked slightly better. What sums up the hotel was the employee running his fingers along the bed headboard and all surfaces to check they were clean. Of course they were not. There were also kids running up and down the corridors screaming all night. Apparently they also have student accommodation.This hotel had been booked for us by an Indian Agency who otherwise was very good. We have registered a complaint with them. Although we were supposed to stay two nights we moved out and paid for another hotel. We tried to get our money back at the reception and asked to see the manager. Needless to say he did not turn up. This may be India but I have stayed in many hotels in this country, some simple but always clean. This clearly is the worst my wife and I have seen.	
May 1 2009 	Clean and well located	The Hotel is well maintaines with clean hygenic rooms. Located in the centre of Karol Bagh close to the Delhi Metro station which makes moving about easier and fast.	
Mar 27 2009 	' We were impressed ' !	I travelled with my partner and daughter in March 2009.We toured Northern India during March and as we arrived in Delhi and stayed at theRegent Continental Hotel located in Karol Bagh area of the city. As we were travelling South eg Agra/Matura/Gwalior and Orchha and then returning to travel north to Mussourie in Himalayas , we used Regent Continental Hotel as transit base for our travels. We ended up staying 5 nights at the Hotel.Hotel offers three types rooms (Silver/Gold or Platinum). We were shown all types of rooms but we were allocated Platinum class room . (312 &amp;112).The room was spacious and accomodated 3 of us very easily. The furnshing was of avery high quality. The lighting was well co-ordinated and everything worked egAC, TV (satalite), Fridge, Safe etcThe room was very clean and room service provided was of 5* standard andComplementary bottles of Mineral water for guests and various free- bees were providedin Bathroom ,incase one forgets pack the basics eg tooth brush/paste;comb;shaving gear; shampoos etc. These were replaced each day!The hotel is located in a very narrow street in Karol Bagh area of Delhi. An area known forits its Shopping and maze of conjested lanes with 100s of small hotels .If one is travelling to India or Karol Bagh for the first time then the street leading toHotel will appear dirty, unpleasing and not so welcoming but once you get into theHotel you will be won over by the welcoming staff.! I do not mention names of individuals when I do a review but I was hightly impressedby 3 individuals . Those were Mr. Anshu Bhatia (Reservations Manager) for hisproffesional service and prompt responses to our requests, Mr. Shakhar Chandre Reception Manager for all his dealing with us eg unlocking the safe when we forgot our personal codes- safekeeping of our luggage in storage when travellinfg South to Northand finally Mr Yashdev Malhotra ( Room Services). It is worth contacting them if you have any problems.The Hotel in our view was of good value and it gives likes of YWCAs and YMCA International House in Delhi run for its money as it can be cheaper and room quality and service is much better! Hotel has an independent Tour and Travel organisers on site and it seems thatprices charged by them are bit expensive and one has to be careful and it is easier to shop around for best deals with other agents in Karol Bagh area. You will have no problem in finding one!The restaurant in the hotel is ok. The furnishing and lighting is pleasing but themenu can be improved. The breakfast is provided in a Buffet form and bothContinental and local dishes are available. The hotel restaurant is busy the mornings when large tour company clients are often staying there! The Karol Bagh area does have several eateries within walking distance from Hotel,Those of us who get fed up after some time with curries and one can walk down few street to MacDonalds or Pizza Hut for a respite .I have stayed in several hotels in Delhi during my travels and i think this is one of the better ones.It is a 3 * hotel with 5* service. Our experience was postive and we would definately stay there again and I would recommend it to friends/colleagues/fellow travellers!	
Jan 4 2009 	Average	We arrived @ 10pm. our room was on the 1st floor. very bad ,smelling room.After complaining we were upgraded to the 2nd floor.Still not happy.The next day we were upgraded to a platium room.This was much better. However all the bathrooms are bad. Water pressure is low &amp; cold.We stayed there for 4 nights.Breakfast is not very nice.Staff dont speak English but helpful.Dont eat dinner in hotel.Will not go back	
Sep 28 2008 	Better than expected	I stayed in this hotel with 2 colleagues for a week in September. I had read the reviews before hand and I was dreading the experience.We arrived after midnight and the neighbourhood was scattered with garbage and wandering cows. We had a voucher and after just signing the hotel book (no other formalities) we were shown to our rooms on 1st floor. We each had standard single room which appeared to have been remodelled not long ago. White marble floors, ceiling fan, two beds pushed together, desk with a tv, small sitting area and very loud AC stuck to the wall. The room looked nice but lacked finishing. The bathroom had a shower with no curtain and modern looking wash basin with too small fauset. No real amenities except a shower cap, 2 bars of soap and shampoo. Though the bathroom was &quot;new&quot; there were small gaps in the grouting and everything looked worn and done in haste.The bed was very hard but the pillows were new and soft as well as the pillow covers. Other linen were greyish and many times washed. No duvet but a woollen blanket.The room had a window facing inner courtyard and noises from other houses were heard quite easily. As mentioned in other reviews the hotel is quite noisy because of marble flooring in corridoors and distant phone ringing every night. There is gap under the room door so every sound can be heard inside the room. Also other guests vere talking loudly when returning in the middle of the night. The AC unit is very loud but it does cover other noises if you can stand the humming.Second night when returning to the hotel and turning the lights on cockroaches were running around. Same happenend couple of times during the week but the roaches were not disturbing and only a few. When talking to others the roaches were not seen in every room. There was lot of personel in the hotel and young boys cleaning the corridoors and carrying the luggage. And waiting for tips of course. The hotel has a desk where to hire a car for a day or for trips but be aware of high prices and be ready to bargain hard.Breakfast was not very good. Instant coffee, sometimes toast, red jam, couple of Indian dishes, omelets,sweetened mango juice if you were lucky. All the food was lukewarm so be quick to grab the hot omelets when brought in or the hot toast. Two bottles of water were supplied to the room every day and not charged extra.The hotel is situated in the middle of Karol Bagh market district which means little &quot;shops&quot; for locals, lot of garbage, noice and people. Beggars will spot you right on when you walk out of the hotel. Easiest way to move is to hire a car or get a tuk tuk to the city center or riksha to the Karol Bagh metro station. When raining the streets are filled with muddy holes and floating garbage. All in all not as bad as expected.	
Aug 24 2008 	Worst Hotel ... Beware	Beware of Checking in this Hotel. Despite our Advance Payment, while checkin had to wait for 45 minutes just to complete Formalities. No room allotment planning despite 3 rooms were booked. Pathatic food, Water was leaking from cieling... in monsoon... Hostile and rought staff.... Despite feedback to the Hotel, no courtesy / approach towards improvement. Beware of cleanliness and services also.	
Mar 4 2008 	Stay at your own risk.	I stayed at the Regent Contenental for 4 nights in January 2008. Even from the start, I should have known better. I arrived early and was pleased to be shown to my room right away. BUT when we got there, I was told by the clerk that there was no key for this room and they were busy trying to find it. I thought that was strange but was so tired from a long trip on the Indian trains that I just put my stuff down and tried to relax. 3 hours later I called the desk asking about the key. Nothing in the room would work with out the key. No power at all. No, no word on the key ....yet. I waited an additional 2 hours before calling the desk again and telling the clerk that I was NOT willing to wait any longer. I had not had anything to eat or drink since the day before and it was now after 5 pm. I could not even leave my room to go find food and drink and none was offered to me. Finally, they brought me a key. From the housekeeping people I think. It had no fob and was just a key, nothing else. Good enough.. And he finally told me that the previous customer had made off with the key and they were &quot;waiting for him to bring it or send it back&quot;.  That night after finally getting some food and drink, I crawled into bed thinking that the noise would die down as the night wore on and I would get some badly needed sleep. Did not happen. The noise is almost unbelievable. All. Night. Long. The street noise is bad enough but the outer hallways and stairways are all stone and people yell up and down them all day and night. You can hear phones ringing constantly. The floors are so dirty that you have to wear shoes all the time. I finally found the room service menu stuffed in the bottom of the beside drawer and covered in big spots of mold. EWWW! Once I found out about room service, I did order tea and dinner. It was fine. No problems with that. On my second night I went to the hotel restaurant for dinner. I could not even get served. There was a buffet on so I grabbed a plate and some food. Never did get asked if I wanted so much as a glass of water. The next morning I thought about having a shower but there was no hot water. The tub was kinda dirty and the towels were a very deep grey so I guess it was a good thing I didn't . I had to call the desk yet again to get someone to come up and fix the hot water just so I could wash. I DO know how to operate hot water tanks in India and it was not working for me. The next day the toilet would NOT stop flushing so I called the desk again to ask someone to come up and fix it. You would have thought I was the worlds biggest pest! Imagine, to want hot water, a operating toilet and some food! I was always very careful to be polite. I did not show any disrespect for any of the staff.  In desperation, I tried to get my reservation for the next two nights canceled but I had paid up front through Orbitz and could get nowhere with that so I decided to stick it out. It never got any better. I don't know if the staff were rude and ignorant to me because I was a woman traveling alone or if they were that way with everyone. When it came time to check out, the desk clerk (manager) tried to make me pay for another night, saying that I stayed one night longer than I had paid for. When I asked him to get the receipt I gave him when I checked in ( from Orbitz,) he claimed it had been lost. I had to go on the hotel travel desk internet right there and then and pull up a copy of the receipt from my email in order to prove that I had paid for the correct number of nights. The Regent Continential is definately the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I have pictures of the room and the view if anyone is interested.  Stay at the White House or Wongdhen House in the Tibetan Village. A MUCH BETTER way to spend your Rupees.	
Feb 2 2008 	Dreadful not fit for my dog	What a nasty hovel. The photos you see published in no way represent the squalor immiediately outside the front door or the mouldly noisy rooms you find inside. Staff either choose to speak no english or are just quite surly. The hardest thing to grasp is that when you ask a question they will lie to your face trying to get you in their cafe, shop, whatever.	
Jan 26 2008 	poor value dishonest staff crooked travel agents	I booked this through a travel agent (Travel Zone, India) in Feb. 2007. It was noisy, dirty, and overpriced. Beware of the people at the tour desk. They are cheats as well. When I came back in August to Delhi, my new agent tried to book this place again for me telling me that my other choice (Clark International, 1 block away) was a far inferior choice. The agent's office is within blocks of both. I stayed at the Clark. It was great and cheaper. I know I will not deal with this agent again (Impact Holidays). I believe agents should be more interested in serving me ahead of the hotel!The Clark has since doubled their rates so next time I will try to find another place, but certainly not the Regent Continental.	
Dec 30 2007	Bring earplugs!	The hotel was horrendously noisy well past midnight till 1 am or later. From our room, we could hear incessantly the loud slamming of doors, the clatter of kitchenware being cleaned, hotel staff talking loudly, furniture being dragged across the marble floor. This made it quite impossible to sleep. We also encountered problems with the shower, whereby we could barely coax out a trickle of hot water.	
Nov 13 2007 	Regent CON-Dishonest Liers Complete misrepresentation Incompetent Theives!!!	I would only recommend to STAY CLEAR AT ALL COSTS.The website claims they have 24hr internet, a money safe, tea and coffee maker, business conference centre???? When I asked the manager about these facilities he pointed over to a computer over 10 years old which the internet did not work on one day of our stay and said they're you go? he said that was the 24hr internet?The state of the rooms was DISGUSTING with dead mosquitos on the bed linen, floor, bathroom etc.The floor was dirty, un-hygenic, opposite to the photos.The room had a horrible smell, maybe from previous guests who did GOD knows what.The bathroom was Disgusting with Mold growing on each and every corner. the bathroom was enough to put you off your whole day.The water was cold majority of the time.They are so tight that when you leave your room, they go in and switch of the fridge and a/c, which means you can say bye to having a cold refreshing drink in your fridge after a long day of walking around, even after we said not to switch it off again, the next day they switched it off again.The staff are basically 14-16 year old boys who go around in groups of 2-4 who stand around waiting for tips.No one understands english, which I think is disgraceful considering the hotel is called Regent Continental, I would Rename it Regent CON as this is simply a very dishonest service and misrepresentation of services.Stay clea from the restaurant unless you want to have runs and stomach aches for days on end, I had only one dinner their and felt sik for days after, would highly recommend to stay clear.The a.c Units are aftermarket units which make so much noise and rattles that you would rather put up with the heat than the noise.The location of this hotel is in the most awaful place you can imagine, it is surrounded by gangs, beggers, loud barking dogs and general traffic horning outside from early hours to late.The only reason why I stayed for more than one night was that they threatened to charge a cancellation charge if i ammended the orginal booking.I booked and paid for the classic deluxe room which at the time of booking I was tgold that the main difference was that the classic deluxe rooms offered a view with balcony,hehehe, the balcony could not even squeeze one person on their without squeezing past to get the door closed, it was terrible, absolutely no point whatsover.They also claimed to have sky tv, yer when it works, and their are only like 20 channels,all indian ones, so good luck if you dont understand the lingo.In overview I would only recpommend to stay as far away from this hotel as poss, they are lots of hotels in the area which offer a higher standard of facilities, cleaner enviroment for half the price.I would sum up the Regent continental as being a farse, con, rip-off, dishonest, untrustworthy, disrespectful.I forgot to mention that the price they quoted me at the start was not the price they demanded when departing after a few days, they had added a 600 per night charge on and removed the 10% discount and said it was only available if discussed at the start, which it was??? At that point i was so fedup with them, i did not have the energy to argue anymore as they didnt understand anything I was saying, and just paid them and thought, well at least I know to stay clear for the future. I wouldn't want my worst enemy to experience what I experienced at Hotel Con, BE aware, stay clear at all costs!	
Aug 4 2007 	Low Average beware of the limitations	I visited the hotel to meet someone who was there (I had also read the reviews posted here previously on the same hotel when I was looking for a place.)The Lobby Area looks empty. As indicated by another visitor on this site, they may advise visitors to take 'their&quot; taxi service. The Taxi Service is run by a separate unit (In the lobby) and the hotel staff do not coordinate with this unit in a satisfactory manner. i.e. telling the tourists to go and speak to them and totally disallowing responsibility for that aspect. I also noticed that their drivers may not Speak Any English too. (So make sure you check that before you get them for a hire). For anyone with a limited budget and looking for a budget hotel, this maybe ok, and the staff are helpful all right. Note that the area around the hotel can be a bit crowded. The area around (outside) the hotel is poorly illuminated.	
Jul 20 2007 	So so	Its not a 3* for certain. Breakfast is a typical indian breakfast. we got food poisoning whilst here, but that could have been what we ate out..you never know! when we came ill the stafF were very helpful and friendly with great service. the rooms are spacious with airt con-but this is very noisey. in a decent location, very bustling! would not go again.	
May 25 2007 	Disgraceful!!!	Checked in, stayed for an hour then checked out again. This hotel was worse than my dog kennel. Check in staff were rude. The whole reception area had an uncomfortable feel about it. The bathroom had no running water, there was scum, mould and anything else which was vile growing on the bath and tiles. The coridoors were dark and dingy. It was truely appaling. Sleep in a cardboard box on the street instead of staying here, it will be cleaner!!!!!	
Jan 29 2007 	BEWARE OF SCAM!!!!	PLEASE, Anyone planning to book with this hotel should be very cautious. My family and I just returned from our trip to India, and this hotel is overbooking people and then transfering them to smaller, 0 star hotels in the vicinity (they have special arrangements with them). We were lied to by both the manager and the co-owner of the hotel and after two days of fighting, squabling and hell, we finally never got our room. They even promised to keep our suitcases and after our day out on the town, we'd return to our rooms......alas, nothing, they then said we're sorry but the hotel is full (second night in a row) - anyways, i could tell you all the details, but please just take my advice and avoid this hotel and its sleezy partners in the area (Perfect Hotel &amp; Crest Inn). If you'd like to have a chat with me about the experience, drop me a line at travel@astralize.com. Cheers, SameerLondon, UK.	
Jan 8 2007 	Good Value	We stumbled across the hotel trying to look for a Travel Agents, we were introduced to a man called Muztapher at the Regent who arranges Flights, cars whatever you want, from that point our holiday started, we had an amazing trip. We had three nights here, the first night the room was dark with no windows and cramped.... but the second time we checked in we asked for a room with a window at the front, the room was much better, ask to see the room before you stay!!! Restaurant Ok, breakfast hectic, staff perfectly helpful if a little slow. rooms clean, fantastic location, Hotel shop a rip off, Muztipher made our trip, with good recomendation, obviously he is making money of tourists thats his job, but we didnt feel he was asking to much, he knows his stuff. We were two young women traveling together, if we needed to be walked anywhere he would send a chaperon with us, drivers were always good, cars mostly clean. The hotel was good value at about £20 a room. Would deffinately go back, felt very safe.	
Dec 2 2006 	It is what it is...	My wife and I stayed here last month for 4 nights. The rooms are not great, the bathrooms are awful, but we spent minimal time in our room and only stayed in our room to sleep. There are much better options in New Delhi, however, they are way more expensive. I probably would not stay there again and it definately is not a 3 star hotel.	
Nov 27 2006	not a 3-star hotel at all	We had booked the hotel on recommendation by a Delhi travel agent against our will, as they told us it is in a super location and a good hotel where everybody they booked there has been satisfied. We have not been! We stayed there twice in tiny rooms with small windows opening to the next wall. You can not leave them open, as around there all outlefts from AC in other rooms. One room was in the reach of strolling cats. The rooms were dumpy, even with the AC on and had a bad smell. Room and bathroom were basic and not clean. The hotel had school children, a noisy clientele. The restaurant was rather expensive for what it offered. Room service was long and did spoil the content with opening bottle, without even thinking of cleaning it up. The location is not that good, in a unlit road, when you step our ot the door, you are &quot;attacked&quot; ba various people wanting something from you. We would never go back there again.	
Nov 21 2006 	disappointing	Overall we found the service and facilities of the hotel adequate. The big problem was the rooms. We stayed in this hotel twice during one trip to India and both rooms we found to be very dark (no windows) and small. The bathrooms very very dirty. We also had to share the one room with numerous cockroaches. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 7 2006 	incompetent staff	I stayed here for 5 nights in early september. The location is average, hidden down a back alley but not too far from the excellent metro system. Whilst the communal areas were clean and well kept I found the room to be very spartan and it was only cleaned twice during my stay. The &quot;colour&quot; TV was particulary bad quality and virtually unwatchable.The room service was good, the wait was not too long and the food was of an acceptable standard, as was the price.However, my biggest gripe was the level of service provided by the staff. It took them 2 hours to finalise my bill when I came to check out and they then charged me more than I was originally quoted. (hint - if you can get a print of their original quote then take it with you. I didn't and was charged an extra £90 when I checked out).There is no money changing facility at the hotel but when I enquired one of the porters took me to a local money changer - who tried to short change me to the tune of 900rps.I also gave the staff a couple of postcards to put in the mail for me - 4 weeks later and they still havn't arrived! I doubt they got round to posting them.....	
Dec 30 2005	Disliked the Regent	On arrival a staff member tried to downgrade us from a double regent suite to a classic deluxe room because they wanted to charge more for the suite even though we had agreed on a price. They showed us the classic room which had a cat living in it. We demanded the original room at the set price and they gave it to us without further quibble. Room service was awful as they brought things we didn't order and charged us for things we didn't order though management rectified this after complaining about it. The room itself was large and clean with hot water on tap and a television with good reception. Travel desk was very helpful and during our stay the hotel staff tried to be as helpful as possible and we didn't run into any problems paying them at the end. The taxi I arranged with the travel desk to the airport was also set at a fair price and I didn't feel ripped off. I didn't make use of the restaurant because of their questionable room service but found other restaurants within walkind distance as a replacement. It's definately a budget hotel but I wouldn't recommend it.	
Dec 11 2005	Never again. . .	We recently stayed at the Regent Continental Hotel in New Delhi after booking online having read a good review. We experienced many problems. Service from staff at reception was poor - promises made to do things were not fulfilled. Pressure was put on us to use expensive hotel taxis instead of reliable local transport. We were not able to successfully make phone calls from our room. The bathroom had a bug infestation. The complimentary breakfast consisted of four or five plates of things like bread, curd and filled parathas - which is fine on the surface - but the food was almost inedible and led to one of us getting sick. We attempted to book a taxi through the hotel for our departure and found at the last minute that they had not done it and we had to go in the hotel car which was far more expensive to do. The room itself was ok. The TV worked and power cuts were minimal. The location was also good. But overall our experience was a very negative one. We certainly wouldn't recommend that any women travelling alone book themselves into this hotel.	
May 24 2005	Loved the Regent	My room was large, open and spacious with a balcony, refrigerator, large beds and a nice large bath room. The hotel staff went out of their way to be accommodating and all were so kind and friendly. There is a travel desk in the lobby and Mr. Ahmed will do everything from make your plane or train reservations to arrange tours or just get a car and driver to take you shopping. There is a lovely gift shop in the large, white marble lobby. The restaurant serves a good complimentary breakfast and has a nice menu of Chinese and Indian foods. Mineral water is available there also. There was never a problem of running out of hot water for showers at any time of the day or night and the hotel has a good back up system for the frequent power failures. Their laundry service is fast and efficient. Room service is available 24 hours a day and food is reasonably priced. This was my first trip to Delhi but if I have an opportunity to return it will definitely be to the same place. I spent 8 days there and would recommend the Hotel Regent Continental to anyone. I would also like to thank each member of the staff for making my stay in India so very enjoyable.	
Sep 8 2009 	Pesimo Tanto En Habitaciones Como En El Personal		
Aug 11 2009 	Enttäuschend		
Apr 11 2008	Für indische Verhältnisse nicht schlecht		
Feb 28 2008	moyenement propre mais cher		
Jan 20 2008	Demi tour		
Sep 15 2007	la plus mauvaise note du voyage		
Nov 17 2009 	Good value for money	First impression wasn't good, as the ac, tv , gyser and bathroom lights of the room i was given wasn't working. however when i complained about that, the staff at the front desk acknowledged it, and told me that they were aware of it and offered another room to me as soon as one was available. However they fixed it within an hour. Apart from that there was no problem. we booked taxis and delhi sight seeing through the hotel's tarvel desk which was fantastic. The room was very spacious and clean, and was made every day by the house keeping staffs. Very friendly staff, who would always be there to attend to your needs. Very handy location. Would love to stay there again.	
Nov 7 2009 	excellent service with very polite staff	If requiring any services please ask the staff as they can point you in any direction, whether it be leather, fabric they will help you. Transport to where ever organized efficiently and on time.	
Oct 28 2009 	Beware of Expedia booking	I book this hotel through Expedia, my credit card was deducted yet no confirmation from Hotel. Wrote many email to Expedia &amp; hotel, no reply from anyone. Any one can advice what to do next?	
Oct 26 2009 	well locatedfriendly and helpful staff	for india it was a little pricey,but that shouldnt take away the fact its in a good location and we found the staff very willing to help when needed.the rooms are clean and they offer a pick up service from the airport which helps to avoid any early stress.would reccomend to anybody	
Oct 23 2009 	Not the value for money	Hotel is near a construction site. Non professional staff, dusts in the room, a filthy place to stay. i can’t recommend to anybody who can pay at least 25$ a night. Book at your risk.	
Oct 18 2009 	good hotel good service lokality ok	taking well care about guest coming, carrying luggage , not begging for tip,Breakfast could become better with some fruit as well. Mr.Chauhan at the frontdesk is ok helpfull, and organizing whats needed.	
Oct 15 2009 	So so but location is good	I booked this via hotels.com for 1330rs a night, inclusive of tax. reception was very dowdy, felt like a step back to late 80s. check in was prompt, and they had their own scanner so they can take copies of my passport straightaway.room itself was fairly small, just about fit the double bed. it had a kettle and some mugs, but i didn't use them. AC was clunky but worked. bathroom had a vent in it which was fairly noisy. linen felt clean and bed was comfortable. overall nothing to shout about, but it will do, given the location and the price. the basement restaurant served breakfast: boiled eggs, toast with butter and jam, cornflakes, tea and coffee. there was also chapati. i would suggest having breakfast to go as the restaurant is quite dismal, with a leaky pipe and general air of tiredness.there is a lift in the building and it works fine. There is a restaurant opposite which does good quality indian fare at a reasonable price, all in air conditioned and dim-light ambience.	
Oct 3 2009	Very pleasant environment with excellent service and accommodation	This hotel was a good fit for my son and I. We arrived at 2:30 am after being picked up at the airport. Excellent breakfast. Kind and skilled staff. Manager helped us chart our trip. Clean and large, quiet room. I recommend this hotel for your next trip to Dehli.	
Oct 1 2009 	Good Location	I stayed at Hotel Royal Holidays for three nights and i found the hotel very nice. the hotel has excellent staff who takes good care of you and they make sure that you get everything on time. the most significant thing about the hotel is its close proximity to the metro station and the restaurant is just opposite to the hotel.. and the karol bagh market is just 2 mins walk from the hotel ...	
Aug 19 2009 	Do not go this place!	We had an awful holiday in this hotel. The staff was not professional and they even tried to cheat us many times. They were really ***holes towards to us. When they didn't get us as many tips as they wanted, they tried to cancel our connection way to the Agra. It was scary and very unpleasant. So we left this place before our check-out date. And - of course - we didn't get anything back. These pictures in TripAdvisor of this hotel are fake. The street is very dirty and full of everything you might even imagine. The rooms are very dark, dirty and water comes - when it comes. So if you want to stay in a place what is called hotel - don't even think about this ratt hole.	
Jul 20 2009 	paradise for japanse tourist in new delhi cheap and best	this hotel is good hotelbath,toilet,bed clean good sleeping very safety hotel staff very honest i recomend to all japanase tourist student or family visit here very cheap and good hotel my name is Kenichi Hisae email address japanboy1984@yahoo.com	
Jul 18 2009 	Excellent	hello my name Fermin and I am resident of England I am retired Physician. I came India for holidays and stayed in Hotel Royal Holidays. It is very close to the centre and the main thing the market is very close to the hotel. I am passing some holidays in new Delhi and i want to say something have been very pleasant and the company that myself this representing and the hotel where I lodge of the same signs they are excellent and very dependable the parts where there I am visited they provided me a wonderful service. All the personnel as the chauffeurs administration and employees in general are of first That they grasp that the stay be but of armonia and pleasant in the personal thing them bearing a grudge because not alone came visited but also the same country and every world satisfied by its services. The company of the one that I mention is, ABYSS TOURS AND My representative is Mr ARIF. I can recommend this to everyone, because they are trust worthy and generous.	
Jul 14 2009 	love staff people	I stayed in this hotel in the month of June with my wife well i booked online and use there free pickup services in the begining i was not sure about my booking and free pickup but defeintly everything works very well and really ended up to stay there four nights i lov ethe people there services staff and more everybody is very honest and sinceralso i use there travel services was really pleased for everythingi wouldl receomnd thsi hotel for any type of Tourist	
May 29 2009 	Do not choose this hotel	I agree with bad responses. Besides deceive with payment. Have reserved and have paid for other hotel, and have lodged in this and have forced to pay the second time. Do not contact ?siativ.com and a travel agent Arif who works with this hotel.	
Feb 25 2009 	Great staff great location!	We had a really nice stay at Hotel Royal Holidays. The hotel staff there was very kind - especially the front desk and housekeeping staff. We just asked for anything we needed - towels, extra pillows, toilet paper - and they were quick to attend to our requests.There is a great restaurant directly across the street - Dana Choga. I highly recommend this place. Great food and service and the prices were reasonable (600-700 rupees for 2).The hotel is just a block away from tons of shopping in Karol Bagh. You're also a short taxi or metro ride from Connaught Place (many restaurants and shops there).The room was clean and the bed was comfortable.	
Feb 13 2009 	great place! staff very helpful and lovely	We really enjoyed our stay here the welcome and airport pick up made a really smooth and pleasant transition when very jet lagged. room was clean and comfortable, the room was quiet. we could not have been better looked after better by the staff ,breakfast was delicious! Arif was great helped us find our way round and deal with any difficulties. Thanx!	
Feb 1 2009 	Unprofessional reception	According to the booking by Expedia airport pick-up was included and the rooms should be two &quot;super deluxe doubles&quot;. The hotel had been notifyed about flight number and arrival time. The flight arrived at Delhi airport somewhat delayed and there was nobody from the hotel waiting for us. Fortunately, this was not our first visit to Delhi so we knew that there is a prepaid taxi counter outside the airport. At the hotel reception we were told that someone had been at the airport for us. Shouldn't they check if there is a delay? The reception staff was not interested in discussing this matter. The double rooms we got the first night were disappointing, to say the least. Very small dirty rooms with leftovers from previous guests, only double beds although twin beds had been booked. Not what you want after a long flight.The next day we got two decent rooms with twin beds. In spite of this, our first impression remained - that some of the staff was not professional and showed lack of interest.	
Jan 27 2009 	A good deal!	I booked this hotel through the Thank You Points website after reading some posiitive reviews in Trip Advisor. A couple of weeks before I went to Delhi I read some negative reviews and was very concerned. When my family and I arrived there late in in the night I was pleasantly surprised of the location and cleanliness of the Hotel. The staff were very courteous and the room was clean and sufficiently equiped. The following morning we were served with a good breakfast in our room. Our stay of 3 nights was very comfortable and as we were interested in shopping, the shopping area was down the street from the Hotel. Karol Bagh is the best place for bargain hunters. I will most certainly recomend this hotel to anyone looking for a decently priced hotel with breakfast located in a central area in Delhi.	
Jan 12 2009	Overpriced!	I stayed at this hotel mid Jan for one night and couldn't get out of the place fast enough!There were no towels in our room, we had to ask for them twice. The Room was dark and gloomy as it had no windows and the wardrobe doors were jammed closed so we could not use it.I was very tempted to move after we arrived but as it was late in the evening and were leaving the next day I decided to put up with it but I was sorry to spend my last night in India is such a miserable hotel.The worst was when late that night after being out for dinner and returning to go to bed I pulled back the bed covers to find there was no top sheet on the bed, we just had a thick blanket(which I really couldn't be sure is washed in between visitors),as it was late and we were tired we did not bother to request a top sheet so I ended up sleeping in my clothes!Finally we had the worst nights sleep because of the noise, seemed to be a combination of road works and internal noise in the hotel!We gave breakfast a miss as it was in the basement (again no windows!) and it looked rather average or maybe our overall experience suppressed our appetite!The most basic accommodation we stayed at had at least fresh sheets and towels, this place is massively overpriced and I would not recommend	
Jan 4 2009 	overpriced!	We stayed at Hotel Royal Holidays during a recent trip to India. The hotel was clean enough but the room was very expensive for what it was. We were paying around 1400Rs for a very basic room without a window which was often smelly. The staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful on the whole, however ignore any help they offer in hiring a taxi/rickshaw as you'll find one much cheaper yourself by simply walking down the road. The main problem we had with this hotel was the incessant noise all through the night. It felt like we were were sleeping in the middle of a building site (which we probably were!) and even if the workers stopped, the staff or noisy elevator (with music!) would soon wake us. If you have to stay here, make sure you have your earplugs.It's hard to find a good value hotel in Delhi, so you may as well choose a budget option. It may not be the nicest place but it beats paying way over the odds for something that's not much better!One more thing, if you haven't paid for your booking through the internet, it's worth asking them to lower the price of the room. We threatened to leave after a night and they lowered their price considerably.	
Dec 28 2008 	very average	Stayed here at the start and end of our trip... rooms are ok but as with everything in Delhi well overpriced for what you get. Breakfast is terrible but there is toast... Rooms are ok with showers that produce a dribble... Biggest let down for us was the unhelpful nature of the staff. Every question i asked resulted in them trying to make money off us... How do we get to Conaught Place... Dont worry ill get you a taxi... How much?... About 200 Rs... isnt that a bit expensive?? Well we can get you a rickshaw... How much? About 100Rs... Only because we met some fellow travellers did they tell us about the metro 2 minutes away and only 8Rs to Conaught Place!!!Stay here if you have to but if i ever return to Delhi i wouldnt go back	
Dec 12 2008 	Looked OK but they lodged us in another hotel!	We booked one night in this hotel, but when we arrived they said that another guest had missed their flight, and they would have to put us up in another hotel. They drove us there, and were vey polite about it, and the other hotel was fine, but we were still a little disappointed. Still, the area was fine, handy for anywhere you might want, and near the metro if you don't want to risk your skin in an auto.	
Dec 9 2008 	Comfrotable and Clean	Hotel Royal Holidays is a clean and very confortable hotel. It has spacious rooms and clean bathrooms. The service here is excellent . For the price we paid we got a really good deal as in running hot water, clean bathrooms and excellent services compared to some overpriced hotels. The rooms include tv and fridge which are handy. overall, we are very hapy with the hotel as the staff put our comfort first.	
Nov 25 2008 	Try to find better place	Like others I chose this hotel only because of its good reviews. Reality was hard to accept. I wasn't expecting much with the price I paid but... It is more like hostel than hotel. Room was quite ok but bathroom was horrible. Cockroaches in my bed were disgusting. To sum up it is close to metro station and also very nice market so if you are looking for chaep accomodation with hostel standards, you can try this one. Always keep their business card with you because taxi drivers don't know this place at all.	
Nov 23 2008	fair but some irritations	booked this hotel through expedia after reading favorable reviews here, had to stay a night in delhi on my way to nepal. called the hotel day before to confirm reservation, and give them my flight information for free airport pickup which was promised. they said 'no problem we'll be there.' showed up at the airport with no one waiting for me. when i called the hotel, they denied having my flight info, and also then refused to pick me up from the domestic airport, and they only do international, citing hotel policy. they advised i take a cab. i arrived in karol bagh via prepaid taxi (175rs) and they had a hard time finding the hotel, the driver had to call to get directions. after my arrival, staff was friendly and put me up in the room i reserved, however the decor was very odd, a king bed with gold sheets made for a campy 70s feel. shower had this strange radio which freaked me out when it turned on suddenly, good hot water if you turn on the heater. good pressure. breakfast was standard with a few indian dishes, bread, and eggs. nothing to get excited over. overall the stay would have been okay if they hadn't confirmed picking me up and then refusing later. hotel was in a decent location, within walking distance of the metro, but just too hard to find. looks nothing like the photo because they photoshopped all the other hotels out of the picture and put in sky instead.	
Nov 20 2008 	Dump Hotel Useless staff	This Hotel is a fake, we booked here because it was 7th on the ranking, and when I think about the horrible night we passed there I cannot understand how can has that score. I even thought that they have written the reviews themselves or using friends. But at the end of the day 20£ for a couple one night you get what you pay a dump place. The staff is completely useless, with no manners at all, and since you step into the hotel no matter about your long flight they start trying to con you with all sort of crap deals....Our room was facing to the street and there are works in progress in front of the hotel 24 hours, and I mean 24 hours the whole night, listening to hammers, saws, people shouting etc....The air con, when you look at it you turn it off as you think you are going to die if you breath that air coming through that dirt and mud equipment. The painting of the walls coming off, the shower well better to say the water drops coming out of it, there is no pressure...We checked out early next morning as we had to take a train to Jaipur, and there were people sleeping on the stairs, the guy of the reception on the sofa at the entrance, we had to wake him up to check out.....Rest of food on the corridors,.....to be honest for a few quid more get to somewhere else and save your self that sort of entry to India.The good things are the area which is excellent with a market full of bargains, the metro station which is just around the corner, plenty of agencies, plenty of auto rickshaws cycle rickshaws etc....Karol Bagh is a very safe area to walk at day or night, although at night in India there is not much to do. So I would not hang around too much...There is a free airport pick up service but this is standard now in most hotels, if you book trough expedia etc I recommend contact the hotel directy trough their web site for this service. But as I said this is provided by any Hotel. After our first night in this dumped place we decided that our next hotel in delhi was the clarck international which is more expensive, but is on the same area, the food is excellent, the staff is very professional and helpful, and it is worth it after the busy days on the city the crowded metros, the markets etc....	
Nov 12 2008	Nice Stay excellent service	Was in Delhi just a week ago. Stayed at Royal Holidays Hotel in Karol Bagh, New Delhi. The Hotel is neat, tidy and clean and theservice was excellent. The staff are very friendly and very helpful. was met with eager, smiling faces and immediate attention was given to all my requests. Tour company recommended the hotel and was very helpful in arranging my very short trip at a very short notice. The hotel is central to Delhi and the shopping is just within walking distance. There is a medical centre just next door and lots of restaurants nearby. Rooms are big and affordable even for a budget traveller. Internet is also available so I did not have to go out looking for internet cafe.I would stay there again if I go back to Delhi.	
Nov 9 2008 	I like delhi	Hotel Royal holidays is a good place to stay in delhi. But the problem is tour operator connecting with the hotel trying to waste time of the tourist by showing expensive tour plans. room is good but they have to clean room daily. Hot water is also a big problem in the hotel.	
Oct 30 2008 	Decent place to stay in central Delhi	This is a decent hotel in the Karol Bagh area of Delhi. There are like a million hotels in a few blocks radius that all look similar to Hotel Royal Holidays. The location is the best thing about this hotel. Karol Bagh is central to just about anything you'd want to do in Delhi - and Karol Bagh is a nice area with a great open air market and places to eat just a few steps from the hotel. The metro is also just a couple of blocks away.The room itself was dirty by my standards so I didn't take my shoes off while in my room, but I got the impression that most hotels in the area are probably like this. And for some reason they don't put a top sheet on your bed - I couldn't figure this out because there was no way I was going to cover up with the gross bedspread next to my skin! We had to ask for an extra sheet a few times. The service was pretty good when we ordered coffee or asked for something. The biggest warning I would give you is that they have an &quot;associated&quot; travel agency run by a man named Abid Zargar who will hard sell you on a trip to Agra or wherever you mention you want to go. Travel services are fine and Abid is trustworthy, but we practically felt like we were being controlled by the Mafia while we were there. So beware when you check into Hotel Royal Holidays and stick to your guns. Don't let them make you feel bad for not complying with what they want you to do - it's YOUR trip after all! We felt like we spent part of our trip arguing with Abid, which is frustrating when we were only staying in India for a couple of weeks - certainly not how I wanted to spend my time! I just wanted a hotel to stay at!!	
Oct 27 2008 	Great Option for Delhi!	We stayed in this hotel on our way out of Delhi after having had a bad experience at a place in the Pahar Ganj area of Delhi. I am so glad we found this place! This hotel is located in a quiet section of the city a $1-$2 auto rickshaw ride from everywhere. (There is also a metro station about 2 blocks away). There are many restaurants and shops within a block or two. The service is quite good, and the staff is very helpful and accommodating. I realize that there are not many good mid-range options in Delhi, but this place is great. I seriously have no complaints about this place. I would recommend the Hotel Royal Holidays to anyone who does not want to stay in a rock-bottom backpacker-type place.	
Oct 25 2008 	Love this Hotel	It was our first time in India and we were so scared as we been heard many things about the touts at the airport but we were greeted at the airport with a hotel taxi driver who drove very safely in the night and droped us off at the hotel.We found the Hotel reception welcoming always during our stay.We went to a tourist Information office down the street which was recomended by the hotel staff,they helped us to organise our transportation and train tickets from place to place on basic prices.One nagative point which I should say about the restaurant which was under construction during our 3 days stay but room service was great and pretty fast.I will definetly stay in this hotel again and will recomend this hotel to the budget class travelers...	
Oct 23 2008 	The hotel provides good service!	Room was also good - if you like with window, better ask for it - but might be better without window. We booked via Expedia. There was a guy at the reception named Sajad who gave us a free taxi ride TO the airport. Thanks!	
Oct 18 2008 	Nice and clean hotel very good staff	This is my second time in India in last year I have booked hotel Suncity from Expedia I was not so happy because room size was very small there was no restaurant unfortunately we have to take breakfast in our room , this time I went tripadviser website and I have seen review of Hotel Royal Holidays first I was thinking this all review is fake but when I booked through expedia one night and I have call (Mr. Sajad Manager of Hotel ) he promise me he will pickup us from the international Airport on our arrival driver was waiting for us .when we reached hotel it was really nice hotel and very clean size of the rooms very spacious very clean bathroom free Wi Fi complimentary breakfast . I have stayed there 3 nights it was wonderful experience I really highly recommend this hotel	
Oct 15 2008 	Friendly comfortable hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed at Hotel Royal Holidays a total of 4 nights (2 at the beginning of our trip and 2 near the end) and we had no problems there whatsoever. The rooms are clean with huge beds, private bathroom with shower and television, including towels and sheets. We paid 30 Dollars per night with breakfast and airport pick up included. Also, they have Internet available for guests in lobby (extra charge but very cheap). The staff are very friendly and help with any queries. They helped us organise the first part of our trip (they have links with a travel agency just down the road from the hotel) which was reasonable priced. The staff even let us leave our luggage at the hotel on our last day (when we hadn't even stayed there our last night!) so they are just really helpful and friendly people.The area where the hotel is located, Karol Bagh, can be a bit of a shock at first (old buildings, crowded), but that is just Delhi!! Also, there is a really good market just round the corner from the hotel which is great for buying souvenirs and pretty much anything! There are cafés and restaurants nearby too, just 2 min walk away.The metro station is just a 5 min walk from the hotel (Karol Bagh stop) which is 3 stops from Connaught Place, so it's very conveniently located.I have no bad things to say about this hotel as overall it was a great place to stay!Nicola M &amp; David C	
Sep 23 2008 	Our first experience in New Delhi!	We are two girls from sweden that has stayed in the royal holidays hotel in new delhi. We first stayed for 1 night and then a week later we stayed for another 2 nights. Our experience so far has been very good. The room is comfortable and the service is really nice. The reception has helped us with what we need. Tack for en trevlig vistelse och en intressant forsta natt!! :)Thank you, best regards, Frida Tortela &amp; Elena Grahn-moller	
Aug 30 2008	safe and clean	Very Good hotel reasonable price good location safe for single women travellers have no problem to recomended Staff is very friendly also i use there free pickup services again no complains	
Aug 5 2008 	this is best hotel in budget range	We enjoyed the hotel and stayed for about 3 days in two separate stages. good value and excellent location. Hotel Service: The staff and front counter staff were very helpful and were able to help with a range of requests. also this hotel proviode complimentray airport pickup	
Aug 5 2008 	Stay Was Very Comfort	Dear TrevelersMy stay was very comfort &amp; peace even though located in the central market Karol Bagh. There Staff was very helpfull or personalized, Room was excellent, clean &amp; furnished, also enjoyed the restroom area with cosmetic mirror. enjoyed our food at the hotel, For a reasonably priced hotel, this really felt like a luxury experience. This hotel is very closed to India Gate and other major tourist places. on my arrival hotel representative had pick us and drop at hotel in late night which i have got complementary transfer when I booked this hotel. I reccomand this hotel to every travelers who is looking cheap and best, if they really want to make their stay comfort. I am also coming on 18, December, 08 with my entire family and send the request in advance when I finalize my trip to India again.-James	
Oct 21 2009 	???????????????		
Sep 1 2009 	hotel discreto con servizio di pick up free dall'aeroporto		
Nov 10 2008 	Va savoir...		
Nov 3 2008 	?????		
Oct 7 2008 	Really nice people!		
Sep 29 2008 	bon hotel		
Aug 4 2009 	Loved The Rooms	This Hotel is always my choice when ever I have to stay very near to the Airport. The Rooms are so well managed, that I love to stay in them. the working staff is alsr really good and so good is the food there. I would recommend you all that if you are looking for a budget hotel, then do visit this place. This is worth everything and you will also get good amount of corporate discounts.	
Jun 4 2009 	Backup hotel close to the airport - OK only if you have no other choice	Compared to many other Hotel in New Delhi, this hotel is better than average. But I would not consider it any better than a backup not to far away from the airport. The value for money is really bad:- The hotel is located in a very noisy area.- My room was very dirty (floor, walls, bathroom).- After looking at the bed sheet, I decided to take a 2nd shower after sleeping.- The breakfast was a mix between British and Indian styles, but the worse of both.The service was a mix: when I checked in, evenso I arrived after 11pm, the service was very friendly, quick and efficient. The next day, the reception was quite unfriendly and agressive. I still do not know why.	
May 13 2009 	Delhi Airport Hotel	Nice clean rooms. Tad expensive but I booked thru IRCTC website and got an allinclusive rate.Though IRCTC did not mention free B/F they gave it	
Apr 22 2009 	Grear Hotel	If you want to have a meeting close to airport, Hotel Shanti palace is the right choice. Its has nice big rooms and tasty restaurent, Though its a bit expensive but its worth to sat there.I stayed there for 2 nights it was a pleasent stay for me.	
Mar 6 2009 	Average for the price	This is an OK place to stay if you need to be near the airport, but that is probably the only positive thing to say about its location. The hotel overlooks a busy flyover route into Delhi and the area around the hotel is particularly grotty and nondescript should you be thinking of taking an evening stroll. We would not recommend staying here for any other reason than to be close to the airport. The hotel is smart and nicely decorated. Our room was clean and well furnished and we had a bath, as well as a shower. On pulling back the curtains we found a wall about 1ft away from the window, so no panorama. Hotels in Delhi seem not to see windows as a priority so we weren't particularly surprised. On balance we would recommend stay here for the airport, but not for any other reason. Its a long way from the centre of Delhi and the general area is not particularly nice. Once inside the Hotel is is quite nice, and has a decent bar/restaurant with albeit, far more waiters and floor managers than are actually needed. This hotel cost us Rs7000 per night (about £100). This is about three or four times the cost of hotels in the Paharganj area and although the rooms were a lot better we couldn't really say it was great value. There don't seem to be any mid-range hotels in Delhi though and if you want something of a decent standard and don't want to pay $300 a night then this is not a bad option.	
Dec 17 2008 	Shanti Palace -- Surprisingly Nice!	Shanti Palace is a great hotel if you just need a place to sleep for a night or two. With my husband being from India we were shocked to see hotel prices in Delhi between $300 and $400 USD a Night!!! This place was recommended to us by family member and for about $180 USD per night we were pleasantly surprised. It is located less than 5 minutes from the airport with optional driver pick-up service for about 600 rupees one way (not including a tip). The room was incredibly clean and comfortable for 2 people and we had the option between twin beds or a king. The room was completely granite including the floors, bathroom and counter tops and it came equipt with a mini-fridge as well as a flat screen TV. There is also a high speed fan in the room as well as A/C. Breakfast is included at the Tripti Restaurant &amp; Bar downstairs and lunch is affordable. Beware if you want to purchase alcohol you must be over the age of 25. There is also travel agent located in the lobby who can help you arrange transportation back to the airport if need be. The only complaint we would have had was that the only view your window in the room might have is of pipes or an enclosed stairway. However, after more than 30 hours of traveling we didn't care about a view. All we wanted was a nice hot shower and a place to lay our heads.	
Dec 11 2008 	Outstanding experience with the Shanti Palace	A delayed connecting flight made us miss a 1 AM flight from the Delhi Airport. We stayed in the Shanti Palace for 2 nights and were very pleased with the hotel. Our room seems to have been recently renovated and was extremely clean and well appointed. Beautiful bathroom, excellent room service, and the entire staff was very helpful. Breakfast is included in the room price and the buffet was acceptable. At $155 per night, we thought we received good value for our money.	
Jan 3 2008 	poor service	Meet and greet from staff is very poor. Do not understand English. Reception staff stopped serving me, snatched the guest book and started to serve an American Guest. I did get very offended by this and told him on the face. Staff do not know how to smile and welcome guests. In the end gave us the key for a room that was not even ready.Getting an extra bed proved an hour long argument!!Hotel owner needs to know what their staff behave like and how they could be losing valued customers. Hotel needs to have more site seeing leaflets on display.	
Dec 19 2007	OK for stay-over from Airport	OK and clean. Has restaruant ok.We got a deluxe suite where we stayed with our two young daughters.Better take a room not facing the highway (noise).Close to airport. We paid around 300 rupies for transport to airport.	
Dec 18 2007	A Good Place for Business Travellers	I cannot agree with some bad comments made on this Hotel. Although the Hotel is located in &quot;middle of nowhere&quot;, the facilities offered are reasonable for Business travellers. The views out of the window may not be a worry for such travellers. I surly cannot agree with the comment regarding the rudeness of the staff, who in my opinion were very courteous. I would have wished for few more choices in the breakfast menu.	
Nov 25 2007 	Below average hotel	I stayed a single night at the Shanti Palace and found the hotel to be a very poor hotel. First and foremost, the hotel is outdated. To register for a room, you must sign a registration book that is straight out of the 18th century. Second the doors lock with a latch that you find on your outdoor fence. The single beds are extremely small. If your over 6.0feet/1.80m, then you're probably too big for the beds. The rooms are not clean at all. I would never return to this hotel!	
Jun 25 2007 	Expensive	Hotel seems to have been recently refurbished. Rooms are small but clean. Price on their website was Rs4600, we were charged Rs6600. Poor value for money. Reasonably close to airport.	
Dec 21 2006 	Unbelievable rude. Food poisoning. Tiny very dirty rooms. Avoid!!!	This is a hotel in the middle of nowhere, next to the airport(about 3-4 kms, 2-3 miles). The staff is extremely rude. Therooms are very small and are facing a wall. Literally, there'sa wall about 1m in front of ALL the rooms' windows. Thereception staff is not only rude but also over-price each andevery item they can - e.g., hotel-airport ride (they charged us8USD, the street price was about USD4). The restaurant in thehotel is extremely expensive, roughly 4 times the normal New Delhi prices. Some people with us got food poisoningfrom that food, the second day. They stayed inside for 2 daysjust to recover. There is literally NOTHING close to this hotel.Just avoid it please, if you have a chance. On the other hand,I am not sure if you can get much better in Delhi in general.However, for about USD 140 (roughly USD 30 more than Shanti Palace, if you want to fork out that much), the hyatt isok, has free wireless etc. A friend of ours stayed there.	
Nov 27 2006	It was a very safe and clean hotel.	We were three women that shared a good size room for three nights. The hotel was safe and very clean and that was the most important thing to us. Friendly staff. Food was good. And it was not as expenssive as 3 or 4 star hotels that were poorly reviewed. The hotel was near the airport and a little far from the city. But we rented a taxi with a driver all day for a 1000 rubies. The same taxi took us to Agra and back for 2500 Rubies. Great deal.	
Oct 5 2009 	Not bad	The best thing about hotel Singh Sahib is its location very near to the Karol Bagh main market and metro station. This was my only criteria to book this hotel.Apart from location, this place has nothing much to offer. The staff was untrained and sounded a bit fishy. The rooms were small and bathroom even smaller. Its located in a semi-residential area and initially I had problems in locating the place. This place is only recommended for individual stay for 1-2 days in Delhi.	
Apr 30 2009 	Ideal location in KarolBagh with posh Interiors	About the Hotel : I got to know about this hotel through my freinds who had stayed there before. I was looking for an ideal place to stay thats not too expensive (within 2K INR per double room) and at the same time nearby shopping areas of Delhi. Rooms with good interirors are always my choice when it comes to staying with family. This hotel excelled my expectations interms of interiors.Location : This is very near to the famous Karol Bagh market. Its a five minute walk to the shopping area. The hotel is located in a nearby side lane thats not too posh. The metro station is about 15 minute walk or rs 20 by auto. Food : The room service did take sometime but the food was of good quality. There is NO complimentary breakfast in this hotel. Service : The room boys had a smile on them when they attended to us and the reception desk was always ready to offer help. I would say that overall they were very helpful and courteous.In a nutshell: If you travelling with family or on business and looking for a hotel with excellant interiors and a convenient location , then this hotel will be one of my recommendations...	
Feb 8 2009 	Don't bother	I would highly recommend NOT staying at this hotel when you're in Delhi. It was our very first stop after flying in and probably the least welcoming hotel I've ever stayed in. The staff were rude and always yelled at each other, with the noise echoing right up the stairwell. Our room was tiny and dark, with no window and an overflowing toilet. We asked for the toilet to be fixed and someone came in and did something to it then demanded a tip, even though the toilet was clearly not fixed. The staff also tried to overcharge us for food and drinks that we had, claiming that the menu listed an incorrect price. We had no hot water and no room to move and couldn't wait to get out of there. Karol Bagh, though quite interesting, is not a good area to stay in as it's hard to get around and takes awhile to get anywhere. There are also lots of hotels in the area and no auto rickshaw driver ever knew where we wanted to go, so of course they tried to just drop us off elsewhere. On our way back through Delhi we stayed at the Eleven guesthouse, which cost a bit more but not that much and it managed to completely restore our faith in Delhi being a good place to visit. Steer clear of the Singh Sahib.	
Mar 3 2008	Stay somewhere else	By the second night, we were calling this the &quot;Hotel Suck Sahib.&quot; It's dirty, it's noisy, and it's located in a crappy area with nothing interesting to do and a long tuk-tuk ride between you and anything worthwhile. After every excursion, we had trouble getting back to the hotel because none of the tuk-tuk drivers could find it, even with the hotel's card and map. It took an average of four stops for directions to actually find the place.If you absolutely must stay here, at all costs avoid room T-2. It's on the top floor and shares a wall with the kitchen, which means you will hear chopping, clanging, and crashing all night long, in addition to the loud voices and radio of the kitchen staff. It's marginally quieter on other floors (unless the staff starts moving furniture at 4 am, which happened during our stay), but the rooms are still dirty and uncomfortable. If you're going to stay in a crummy budget hotel, at least make it somewhere more conveniently located than this dump.	
Jan 17 2008 	Small room and no opening window	Location of the hotel is pretty near the sky train station. The room is quite small. There is no chair inside the room. The window does not open. Air ventilation is bad. Luckily the ceiling fan was working ok. We had to wait about 10 mins. to get the hot shower. At the time we stayed, there was no restaurant in the hotel. The mangement said it was being renovated. We were served american breakfast at our room for 100 rp. But the breakfast was rather bad. The toast was hard. Coffe was only warm.	
Dec 25 2007 	Not bad could be better	We stayed in the hotel for 2 nights in December. The hotel is a midrange hotel ( paid Rs. 2200). Our room was clean and spacious enough to accomodate our family of two adults and one child on the bed (although we thought the bed could have been a bit longer to accomodate our feet as well..:)..) and had room for an extra bed. The bathroom was clean and had running hot water, a necessity during this part of the year in Delhi. They were willing to provide in-room service for the items on their menu while the in-house restaurant was being planned. We had breakfast in the (Bikanerwala) Angan restaurant nearby and ate a very reasonably priced fresh local Indian meal . There was also a good travel agent in the neighborhood from whom we hired a taxi for local Delhi sightseeing for a day.Pros: Courteous staff, good location, clean room and bathroom; Cons: Very poor noise insulation, from our hotel rooms (on the first and second floor) could hear noise in the corridor and the reception (which is why I am rating this hotel average)	
Dec 14 2007	Very nice new hotel in Karol Bagh	(Our stay December 2007)We walked out on the lousy Hotel Metro Heights. We packed our stuff and walked right next door to the Singh Sahib hotel. I think my Indian friend was learning by now as he said that the Singh Sahib was a little more money and all they had left was a suite, but that was OK as it was more important that we were comfortable where we stayed.In the Singh Sahib, we were placed in a suite on the 1st floor right behind check in. It appeared that the hotel looked new and they were still renovating a little. The restaurant was still not complete. However, the room was large and clean and new and had a working AC. It also did not reek of cigarettes. Unfortunately I’m not sure how long it will stay that way as the hotel apparently appeals to smokers. I chastised a Chinese guest stepping off the elevator with a lit cigarette and his response was that there was no sign. I was sure that not smoking in an elevator was a universal courtesy?As I said, the room was new, cleanly marbled and freshly painted. As nice as it was there still were some quirky problems. First, although everything appeared clean, the workers neglected to clean the walls around the toilet, just a small oversight. Also, they had a cheap temporary curtain that went across the bathroom covering the shower and tub. This we found was prone to come down easily. There was hot water, but it took a while to show up. There were frequent electricity outages, but only for a minute or two.The soaps were the best quality we found during our travels in India. They brought extra towels on request. There was no mini bar in the room. Breakfast was included but because the restaurant was closed, we had to order by room service. There was a small glitch in getting the food, but it finally came. We had to then ask for silverware and napkins. We were surprised to find French toast on the menu, but it came plain and they offered no syrup. We went to compliment the front desk and apparent owners on the quality of the hotel and rooms. We were told that they must have the cheap curtains in the bathrooms as the Indian guests bathe with the bucket and cup, splashing the water over their bodies to rinse and in the process drench the room. They really were not interested in talking to me. When I asked to take a couple of pictures of another room to post on TA, they refused and handed me a pamphlet saying I could see the pictures there.The one thing that really upset me about this hotel was the scam the owners appeared to be playing on their guests. I’m not sure if it actually hurt the guests, but it was probably more to shield their income from the government. I watched as they appeared to overcharge one of the Chinese guests checking out. She was tough and those guys were not going to get one over on her. When she asked for a receipt, they tried to talk around the subject, and finally went to write a receipt on a piece of note paper. The girl insisted on an official invoice and they finally succumb. It was funny when she asked why they had to play all of these games for which they replied with a sly meekish smile. Unfortunately I still think they were up to something as they gave her the original and kept the copy receipt. I did not realize they did the same thing to my travel agent friend who paid the bill for me. When I was later telling him about the Chinese girl, we looked at our receipt and found they had done the same thing to him. We went back later to reclaim our bags being held for us after check out, and made them give us a proper invoice.Again this place is right next door to the Hotel Metro Heights. Both have front desk people that are plenty rough around the edges, but the Singh Sahib is ten times better. The Singh Sahib maybe a bit more expensive and the rooms may be a bit smaller, but for the few extra dollars I'd stay here and not ruin my vacation at the Metro Heights. Just make sure to ask for an official receipt when you leave.	
Nov 8 2009 	Basic small rooms ..... Clean and Tidy	Not bad, but the rooms are very small - not enough space to manouvre between the bed and the TV. The air conditioning only worked in the rooms, and was incredibly noisy and smelly. Not enough towels (problem in most hotels in India). Cable TV, yummy room service, but the porters hang around until they get a tip!!	
Oct 31 2009	Average tourist hotel with rotten breakfast	Stayed here with smallish tour party of 13. The room itself was fine, comfortable and spacious although dark. A notice on the door said hot water had to be requested in advance, but we ignored this and had no problems. Don't know if this was just luck. Room had fridge which was useful.No restaurant at this hotel, but we had breakfast 2 days running, once straight off the overnight train. Both times, but especially the first, service at breakfast was terrible. It seemed as if one serving of a fairly poor selection was set out and when that ran out it was tough. The fruit juice tasted as if it was coloured water.Overall an average and adequate budget tour hotel in a fairly quiet area, but the breakfast experience made it unpleasant.	
Mar 23 2009 	average to below average	Stayed here in Jan 2008 and was overall a pretty average experience.Room was reasonably clean with hot water in shower but it was freezing cold(about 2c)with no heating in the room at all.We repeatedly asked for a heater to be brought up but they brought a broken one up and plugged it in then left.lolBreakfest is pretty average also.Overall not the best value for money.	
Jan 18 2009	To be avoided !!	Stayed there at the start of a tour of northern India. Hotel had been organised by tour company so we had no choice. The rooms were dull and dark - as was most of the hotel. We arrived after a long flight in the middle of day and tried to get a bit of rest but there is a building site right beside the hotel and they work 24 hours !!! The constant drilling and hammering was unbearable. We asked to be moved to another room but it was exactly the same. The staff start working at approx 4am and continously shout up the corridors at each other - they have absolutely no regard for the people staying there. Hot water has to be ordered in advance and the sheets and towels are dirty - they are dried on the street outside the hotel and smell of petrol fumes !!! We were booked in to stay there on our last night but refused to stay there and found a much nicer hotel in New Delhi for a much better rate. I would not recommend this hotel and would advise travellers to avoid it at all costs !!!	
Dec 27 2008 	Cold Delhi	Stayed for 7 days, very cold outside 10 degress and inside 18, could not pay with creditcards ??? only cash, bad exchangerates ! very noisy at the room from the other guest and staff.	
Dec 16 2008	Good Clean Hotel	I am a travel agent and therefore sell hotels all over the world for my clients so to experience myself is always a bonus to give an honest opinion.This hotel was good - not amazing, not bad either. The rooms were clean, bathrooms adequate, breakfast edible and hotel staff were helpful. Room service was fast and efficient. For a 3 star hotel in Delhi I feel it is good value for money.My main recommendation would be a bigger pillow on the bed as they were a little on the biscuit thin side but this is my personal preference.	
Nov 10 2008 	Good hotel fo Delhi	I stayed here at the start and end of a tour. I was expecting the worst after reading some of the reviews but gladly I had a pleasant stay. The hotel is clean and quiet and the staff are professional. The buffet breakfast is not bad by Indian standards. The location is good you can walk to Karol Bagh main street and Metro station in 15 mins. I stayed in another hotel in Karol Bagh and had a terrible experience so I would recommend Singh Sons.	
Oct 9 2008 	Good midrange option in good location	Singh Sons is tucked down as side street in a quiter part of Karol Bagh. The lobby is airy, cool and clean, with lots of marble, and the staff welcoming. The room was a reasonable size, and the bathroom was clean and tidy. No window views, but this is Delhi! One reviewer complained about the short beds - well I'd agree, but I am 1.89m, and the beds are probably 2m wide, so there are ways round the problem. Mattress was definitely 'firm'. Breakfast room was bearable, but really needs some money spending on it. Breakfast was OK. Being in Karol Bagh, the main market is only a few minutes walk away, and is a great place to shop - real shops, many with fixed prices, as well as the street traders. Certainly not as intimidating for Western tourists asthe local street markets.	
Sep 6 2008	Rooms are ok Attitude/service is horrendous	I stayed here as part of an organized tour. The rooms themselves are fine by Indian standards - the hot water problems and electricity issues described by other travelers are typical for the country. The attitude of the front desk staff, however, is not fine by any standard. The staff is rude at best. After speaking with the other members of my group (a very relaxed and flexible bunch!), nearly all of us had been barked at or scammed during our stay.They pulled the credit card machine deal with me, as well, forcing me to pay in cash for my first night before the organized tour (at a rate, by the way, that was almost triple what others were paying. Do NOT email the hotel for a room quote, they will not give you an accurate price).I had organized a hotel transfer through the hotel. I arrived at nearly midnight to the Delhi airport, and, after waiting for over 30 mins and being unable to find my transfer, I found another cab. When I arrived at the hotel, the staff &quot;welcomed&quot; me by yelling at me, saying that my cab was at the airport and I would have to pay for it. I politely refused. After showing me to my room, a hotel manager called at 1:15 AM to tell me AGAIN that I would have to pay for the cab. I refused. Upon check out, the staff AGAIN tried to charge me for the unused transfer, and I refused again.As I said, while the rooms are acceptable, I cannot recommend a hotel that treats tourists like walking dollar signs. Go elsewhere, there are better options!	
Aug 20 2008 	Basic cityhotel with an annoying breakfast policy	Basic city hotel. Stayed here three times with two rooms as Delhi was the returning point of our trip. Rooms are fairly clean and quiet but there's almost everytime a problem with the facilities (even for Indian standards): Non-flushing toilets, broken airco etc. They have an impossible breakfast policy. You get an unsollicited wakeup call at 8:00 (Great! We arrived at 2:00 AM after a late flight!) At 9 the breakfast buffet-attempt stops. The breakfast is lousy. Toast and flakes, Indian ommelette and banana's. That's it. After the third day we decided to take a Tuk-tuk to the Costa Coffee at Connaught's. A bit decadent, but a great treat!Avoid the internet service. It has the speed of a snail at a stiff rate, and as the printer is also used for copying, your PC will hang up half way your email.Location (Karol Bagh) is great! Nice market and huge variety of shops at only 100 metres	
May 1 2008 	ok but could do a lot better	My wife and I stayed at Singh Sons as part of a tailor made tour with On The Go India. The hotel is in the Karol Bagh suburb of New Delhi. There are quite a few mid-range tourist type hotels in the area, with Singh Sons being the smartest looking of the 5 or 6 I spotted. We were told by a tour guide that the area grew from a refugee colony but i'm not sure how true this is. Other reviewers have commented that they did not feel safe in the area. I did not notice this; some parts of Karol Bagh are scruffy, but for central Delhi, a lot of it is fairly smart. I would have been a bit wary of walking anywhere at night though. For some reason, no taxi or auto-rickshaw drivers were willing to take us to Connaught Place from here. We never worked out why this was, but it didn’t matter too much as Karol Bagh Station is a ten minute walk or 2 minute rickshaw ride away and from there you can get the new and very efficient metro. When you venture out, do make sure you have the hotel's exact address and preferably a decent map, as we found that no drivers had heard of it and had a lot of difficulty working out how to get back at night.The hotel itself seems quite modern from the outside and the reception area is very smart, all in marble. The bedrooms are not so smart though. We were first given a standard double room, which was clean but shabby and very gloomy. the windows in all of the rooms are small and mostly covered up by air conditioning units. We asked to look at bigger rooms and ended up paying extra for a suite, which was well worth it for the extra space and a bigger bed. I think the hotel is in the process of re-decorating the rooms so hopefully this will brighten the place up a bit. The air-con worked well, which was very welcome and the shower was ok, although you had to call reception to request hot water 10 minutes before you used it. Free wi-fi was very useful.As with most places in Delhi, traffic noise is horrendous, so pack some earplugs if you are a light sleeper. there was a lot of noise late at night as well - what sounded like somebody panel beating at 1 on the morning every night.Breakfast was very basic buffet - toast, cereals (but only with hot milk???) and a small selection of hot indian food - breads, pakoras, potatoes etc. The eating area in the basement is also a bit weird with disco lights all over the celing and american wrestling permanently on the TV on the corner.The staff in the hotel were mixed - the bellboys were friendly and helpful, perhaps thanks to tips, but reception staff were indifferent, bordering on rude. Our most significant issue was when we returned for a second stay after a week away - the toilet had clearly not been cleaned and was really really disgusting – it looked like the seat was covered in diarrhoea. it was thoroughly cleaned as soon as we spoke to a member of staff but that doesn’t change the fact that it should not have happened in the first place. if we’d known the city better and didn't have transport arangements from the hotel the next morning we probably would have walked out.Overall, Singh Sons was ok for a short stay but the location isn't the best, the rooms are very gloomy and we were left with a very soured opinion by the toilet incident. Delhi is renowned for hotels being expensive but we would not want to stay at Singh Sons or anywhere like it again - I’d rather pay a lot more money for an upmarket place.	
Apr 12 2008 	Rubbish hotel	We stayed here on our last night after a fantastic holiday. It was an appaling ending to a great trip.The room was clean, but that's the only positive thing to say. There was a lot of street noise and the water pump for thehotel was directly outside are room and burst into life in the middle of the night. It took several phonecalls and a walk to reception before anything was done about it.The hotel was in general fairly dingy and uninspiring.At best adequate. Avoid if possible.	
Feb 15 2008	claustrophobic- worst stay of our trip	Our Group stayed at The Hotel Singh Sons in Delhi. The rooms are small, claustrophobic and without windows. The length of the beds are shorter than normal and if you are over 5ft 8 your feet will hang over the end. Two of the rooms smelled of smoke and two of the showers did not work. Reception is unfriendly and slow to respond. Hotel porters watch while you struggle with your bags and wait to be asked to help. We did get some individual good service for which we tipped well. We arrived at 1am after a delayed flight and were asked to pay extra for breakfast if we wanted it after 9am. We all received an unasked for early morning call for breakfast!. All other hotels we stayed at for the other days, breakfast was served till 10 am. We asked our agent to move us but apparantly all hotels were booked out in Delhi. We had to stay 3 nights. We do not reccommend this hotel. In it's favour, it is quite well located in Karol bagh but that's its only good point. We noticed several other hotels in Karol Bagh (great for shopping), so try another hotel.	
Dec 29 2007 	You can do much better....	Traveller reviews of this hotel praising its cleanliness etc are accurate however it is indeed absolutely spartan and if travelling in the late fall and winter the rooms can be cold. Hot water is just warm and must be requested 10 minutes prior to use. Bedding is threadbare. Packing your own toilet paper is key as the hotel provides very little. Avoid rooms on the main street side as it's extremely noisy. Staff and restaurant food are OK.The area in which the hotel is located is not the safest nor the most interesting in Delhi - this is however a hotel used by many tour companies as a first or last night in Delhi - if you have the choice opt for a higher grade hotel particularly if its your first night after a long flight and want even some minimal comfort. This is a tough first night in Delhi and this hotel offers little to soften the experience...	
Nov 30 2007 	Done the job	What do you expect from a Hotel in a developing? I accept that the hotel was not 5* or even 4* in terms of presentation, amenities etc, but for being located in the peripheral of the city centre allows for good access to transport, eateries etc - it really couldn’t be better situated. I stayed there for 2 weeks whilst conducting research for my MSc dissertation, so I got to know the place rather well. A hairy experience around the corner with some of the locals knocked my nerves, but that was the only bad note in terms of the neighbour hood. For me, favoured most and by far exciting mode of transport are the local 'tuk tuks' which cost very little- but do remember to barter and agree a price for your journey BEFORE you set off as some try to rip you off, and don’t let them take you to a bazaar or anything- totally overpriced. Also remember that the majority of the cycle rickshaw riders/drivers are poorer than the motorised 'tuk tuk' drivers, so try to experience that and leave a small tip.Best thing for me in the hotel was the TV- allowed me to catch up on the cricket world cup as well as the footy back home, and its always exciting to grab some snacks from the small nearby shop and watch a Bollywood movie!I would certainly recommend this hotel; there are far worse places you could be staying!	
Nov 20 2007 	Very Bad Hotel in Delhi	We booked the hotel through an agent for one room for 3 persons. Though the room looked very nice, we have hard time getting other things. No provision for making coffee. For hot water, you have to call the reception and wait for half an hour. Not many hanger to hang your clothes. Most importantly, the reception people are not trust-worthy. They tend to cheat if you are not aware of what is happening. They claim four star facilties and rates are expensive for the facility they have. Should be avioded.	
Nov 19 2007 	good air conditioners new place in crowded area of delhi	good air conditioners when entered in such heat of india especially in summers, lobby was chilled &amp; cooled. offered us cold drinks &amp; as booked we got our room. we had a pleasing time at the hotel &amp; comfortable room was provided . Very centrally located in this busy streets of karol bagh, delhi. most accessible to market just opposite the hotel. helpful staff &amp; definitely a good experience in this new hotel.... tidy &amp; clean.	
Oct 29 2007	A decent place but beware of typical scams	A decent place to stay in a very congested part of Delhi. I stay in hotels throughout India regularly for work, so this is a comparison to a number of different, similar hotels.One caveat - upon checking out, the guys behind the counter told me that the &quot;credit card machine isn't working.&quot; After offering to get me a taxi to go to an ATM, I insisted on using my credit card, which of course, worked perfectly fine. Don't fall for this scam.Also - for the squeamish - the bathrooms, while clean, are very tight, and do not inspire...	
Sep 5 2007 	Value for money	In India it's difficult to find a mid range hotel - this is just that. For the price the hotel is nice, en suite bathroom with hot water and western flushing toilet, A/C and clean rooms. There is internet in the lobby and the staff are helpful. The location is fine, there is a local market nearby at night and it's relatively close to Connaught Place. You can there in an auto for 50Rs. If you do go to Connaught Place then look out for Lido which is a very nice restaurant (with A/C)	
Jul 15 2007	Wonderful for Delhi	Stayed with my teen travel group for a couple nights.Showers were nice (hot and cold water), the staff were eager-to-please, and the AC was lovely and necessary :)This is India, it's a third-world-country, and this must be considered when a rating is given. You shouldn't come to Delhi expecting a US experience, because it won't happen, and you shouldn't want it to.	
Apr 7 2007 	Beware!	We made an email booking for this hotel one month before our arrival in Delhi. We exchanged with Mr. Tajinder Singh at least 4 (four!) emails because we wanted to be sure of the booking. They assured us the booking was ok and they had the availability of rooms. Of course, when we arrived at the hotel, no booking was made on the hotel books and no room was available. No Tajinder Singh to speak with, only one guy at the reception that moved us in a very bad hotel in the same road: we payed 4.000 and more Rs for one bad room instead of the two rooms that we booked one month earlier!!If you don't want surprises like this at your arrival in Delhi, avoid email booking for this hotel, and maybe avoid this hotel at all.	
Apr 5 2007 	Clean accommodation.	We arrived in the early hours of the morning and the pick up was excellent and welcome. No getting hassled. We were pleased to arrive at a clean, large hotel with reasonable facilities and ac. The bathroom was big and there was a shower and western toilet but no bath. We stayed for 3 nights.Positives: clean sheets, clean floors, cool rooms, no insects, efficient services, taxi pick up.Negatives: basic (very) breakfast, our room was on the road so you could hear the noise, cold/warm showers.Location: a rickshaw ride from the main centre (connaught place) so not a problem, nice restaurannt near by called alpha spice.Overall: for approx 30 uk pounds / night seems reasonable, our main priority was a clean hotel having read other reviews and horror stories of other hotels, it met our needs. The area is not the best but to be fair none of Delhi is particuarly much different. I would use common sense and ask for directions from your hotel - they are helpful.	
Mar 25 2007 	Not bad given price	Stayed there as part of an Intrepid &quot;comfort&quot; tour to Agra. The hotel was reasonably clean and quiet. It's conveniently located in the Channa market section of Karol Bagh, about 1/2 mile from the subway. Seemed safe to walk around. This is not a &quot;first class&quot; hotel but we felt comfortable there.pagoff	
Mar 22 2007 	Singh Sons - A Decent Budget Hotel	I stayed at Singh Sons for about three days in late February/early March with my family and my wife's family. Here is our collective review:- Pros - Singh Sons is a nice new hotel with a lot of nice marble everywhere (including all the lobbies and the stairs). The rooms are small and basic but very clean, as are the bathrooms which have Western style toilet seats. Some of the middle rooms do not have windows but all rooms have air conditioning. Also, the breakfast is quite nice - with pastries and eggs/omelettes in addition to tea/juices. The omelettes at Singh Sons are particular tasty! The room service is cheap and available around the clock. The location is central enough - with both the old part and new part of Delhi reachable on tempos (tuk-tuks).- Cons - I personally like the hustle and bustle of Karol Bagh where the hotel is situated but some people seem to have issues with this setting; however, I think you get more of a Delhi experience here although Singh Sons tends to be in a quieter part of Karol Bagh. Safety-wise, you should feel safe here since there are lot of other tourists who stay here. My main issue with the hotel is that because of the marble hallways, it can get noisy as people walk about at night. - Overall - this is a fairly good budget hotel overall for Delhi (outside Delhi, you can get a better hotel for the same price). And I would go with tour operators since they can get you the room about 20% cheaper than you can on your own. I used this reasonably priced one called Safe Voyages Tours run by a very honest Rajasthani guy - they have a website as well (you can google it).	
Mar 11 2007	Bad Hotel in Bad Location	The tour group I took had our accomodations at Hotel Singh Sons. Everyone of us hated the hotel and disliked the people there. I read the other review that said it was 10 months old - I'm shocked as it seemed much older. I had both the &quot;deluxe&quot; sweet and a normal room. The bathtub was coming out of one of the rooms such that I couldn't open the door. The people working the hotel also don't care about the guests - I think they get too much business from tour operators. Also, the location was awful. If you are travelling alone as a woman, or even two women - I would avoid staying in Karol Bagh - I tried walking alone in the morning and I turned back after 5 minutes. My India friends were suprised I stayed in the neighborhood as it is know for thievery and it's not safe.I can say the beds seemed clean enough. Avoid having a room near the lobby - it's very noisy. I loved India but Singh Sons was the low-light.	
Jan 20 2007	Very Clean budget Hotel 10months old Deinitely value for money	Booked directly with hotel on [-],good if you are shopping in Karol Bagh.Very clean.....middle rooms have no windows. Built 10 months ago...just be careful not to book any tours with tourist operators laundering around the hotel.Has the usual 24hr room service etc food is good...hotel also arranges airport pickup around 300Rs.Good family run hotel.	
Oct 7 2009 	???????????????		
May 10 2009 	Da evitare		
Mar 11 2009 	Un hôtel pour une nuit sans plus		
Oct 3 2009 	Value for Money	We booked this hotel at the last minute as our initial plans on lodging got messed up and I was not able to access Trip Advisor to read the reviews about the hotels in New Delhi. I was very skeptical while booking this hotel as I was accompanied with my whole family from Chennai to New Delhi and I want to ensure nothing more messes up with our plan.The Hotel from it’s outside gave us a not so good impression as it is fully surrounded by Shops and the Hotel is located in the Commercial area, however, after walking inside the room we felt that we have booked a decent and economical room in New Delhi. We were a family of 4 and the Hotel Staff was kind enough to accommodate all 4 of us in a Deluxe A/c Room for Rs. 3,500/- per night. The Hotel is located right near the Karol Bagh Market which is an added advantage for all bargainers in Shopping. They have a Andhra restaurant and the food was very good. Overall, we felt that this Hotel was value for money.	
Sep 8 2009 	Cheap - both in terms of rate and service	I stayed with my wife and her parents for 3 nights at Southern Hotel. The rooms and the service were woefully bad. In the 3 nights we stayed my in-laws had to chang rooms thrice. The first night we were offered rooms in an extended block in a street nearby; the second night they were offered a room where the w/c flushes did not work properly and where there was no proper exhaust fans; finally on the last night of their departure, they were offered a good room. The rooms offered to us were also not of high standard. The rooms might have the latest television sets but the condition of the rooms and the bathrooms (including the finish) were substandard. Their travel desk, though manned by a couple of courteous staff, do have the odd disrespectable staff who managed to cause some aggravation. Their staff need more training on customer service. The private delhi city tour we had was also not upto the mark as the driver who also happened to be the guide did not know all the details about the places he was taking us to. In short, we had the most unpleasant stay at the hotel, though I do have to add that at the end, we were offered complimentary drops at the airport for the bad experience we had gone through (a decent gesture but surely not enough to compensate for the experience)This is a cheap hotel that will be reflected in the decor and service. If cost is paramount to you and if you don't mind the state of the rooms or the service, then fine. Otherwise, please steer well clear of this place.	
Jul 13 2009 	Feedback to Southern Hotels Delhi	While booking a room online the pictures showed a different image than what i was faced with when i was allotted a room in the hotel.The room was shabby, with cracked walls and missing soft finish patches and the Bathroom was also stinking, definitely not a room worth Rs 1800 +. Also the Travel desk said that the car i had asked for in the night, would be ready in the morning and when i called in the morning to double check, i got a blunt answer that there are no vehicles available.The billing was also done incorrectly and had i not noticed that the clerk at the billing desk had charged me for a day, where in i had already paid for a day while booking the room online, i would have ended up paying double the price and that too for such a bad experience.	
Jul 13 2009 	"I feel its a good and safe place for families"	i saw the review of Hotel Southern from one of the review sites. our stay was comfortable. The rooms were good. and they also provided the complientary transfer from the airport. overall i appreciate the services of the hotel.	
Jul 8 2009 	liked the place services. you can definetely try this place for value for money	I stayed in this hotel last week while on a business trip. room are good. they had transfered me from Airport to hotel, which is a great service in Delhi city. i liked the place and highly recommed it to the fellow travrellers. yeh the tour department and the restaurants are a must try in case you are planning a weekend trip to Agra to see the great TAJ MAHALhern Travels. We highly recommend this place to our fellow travelers.	
Jun 11 2009 	loved the room	A very nice place and perfect for tourist. Very close to airport, centre of city with lot of options for shopping, close to metro and sights. rooms and service is nice but only issue was that food was south indian so more preferred to them.	
Jun 8 2009 	The best accomodation and will not empty your pocket	This was the best hotel. Not only is this the opinion of only mine but I have brought a number of guests to this hotel (foreign and Indian nationals) and they have loved this place. Their hospitability and the cleanliness of this place is worth seeing and experiencing. If you need cleanliness as well as a hotel with economic tariff do check in this hotel. Well, if you are going there for the first time, do allow the hotel guys to get adjusted with you. And book in advance for the best service.Hotel Southern is a wonderful place to stay. Its a safe and secure place. I have never had regrets for staying or suggesting others to stay. You may never believe that at least 50 to 70 guests of mine have stayed in this hotel from time to time throughout the year. They never had regrets.John	
Apr 28 2009 	Excellent Budget Hotel	We have reached this hotel on 12 Apr 09, they have arranged complimentray Pickup from airport. Hotel Rooms are very good with very good furniture, Food is very good and 24 hours reception. The location is very good, nearer to Karol Bagh Market, there is a biggest shopping mall in this area, This is biggest shopping mall in ASIA. New building, new furniture. Totally Its very good expirence in New delhi.	
Apr 27 2009 	THE BEST HOSPITALITY	A very comfortable stay with perfect staffs . one can go even alone and stay even if ur a lady . very much safety in all aspects . pakka friendly staffs from reception to bell boys.	
Feb 16 2009	Collected 	It was difficult to find a reasonably priced hotel in New Delhi that had some sort of track record. We finally took a chance and chose the Southern. Ok, its not the Oberoi Cecil but for the money and a very short stay it was fine. We were collected from the airport as agreed and taken to the railway station at 4.00am. They arranged a city tour, car and driver for 8 hrs Rs.750. All in all I think good value for money at £40.00 a night for a double room. Not the place to stay for more one or two nights.	
Dec 17 2008 	Delux Hotel offering great facility !	offering the ultimate hospitality, courtsey, great food, homely atmosphere, comfort, elegant furnishings ! My stay was really worth !!	
Dec 17 2008 	It was pleasant stay in Delhi.	The hotel was centrally located and is ideal for tourists who proceed to pilgrimage circuits such as Char Dham etc. But please check out regarding the clause of free drop to Railway station as it is given in quotes &quot;subject to availability&quot;, and can put you in trouble if you depended on them as we faced trouble in the last moment. We had to hire a taxi from outside when the hotel did not provide us with the &quot;free drop&quot; and got away with this clause.	
Dec 7 2008 	DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANY BUSINESS TRAVELLER	We booked the hotel through the website [-]. The pictures and the description is totally misleading. The hotel is spread over two buildings. We were given rooms in the adjoining building (which was a commercial building with shops on both sides). Only the top two floors of this building had hotel rooms. The restaurant, reception etc was all in the main building. We asked to be put in the main building but were told that there were no deluxe rooms in the main building. Imagine, having pass through the shops selling household items and travel agents to get to the breakfast table in the morning. As you can imagine, even a bottle of mineral water took 25 mins to arrive in the room. We were to call the reception and it took a lot of time for the service people just to get to our room. Also, as soon as you get out of the lift, you see bystanders/hawkers. We had a feeling that even our luggage was not safe.The food and the service in the restaurant was not at all good. The average wait time for the food to arrive after placing order is 45 mins to 1 hour. Also, no other good restaurants in the vicinity.The location is Karol Bagh but there is a shortage of Cabs/ rickshaws in the vicinity of the hotel.I would not recooment the hotel to any traveller.	
Aug 15 2008 	Dont just go by the website	I was less then happy when I turned up at about 1am to be taken to my rooms, I asked to see the rooms before I would take my cases to the rooms.When I saw the rooms which was a deluxe room I was not very happy bunny, so I went down and made it clear that if I am not given a better room at the same price then I would be going else where.I was then offerd two super deluxe rooms for the same rate as the deluxe but they wouldn't be available til the following night so we had to make do with the deluxe room for the first night.after the first night service was much better and my family and i enjoyed our stay	
Mar 29 2008	Good value rooms for New Delhi	..., but the breakfast is pretty basic, with little western options.Make sure you get booking confirmation via email, as you may have problems we had at check-in as we booked via email with the hotel... (but they upgraded us to compensate). Have good travel agency next door so can book New Delhi tours or other trips around Delhi, and trains nationally.Rooms are good value and have good facilities for the price, providing you book the super deluxe and above tariffs...	
Jan 29 2008	Absolutely no	You can find something better for a bit more - so do. Internet pictures are from another era so don't be fooled by those. Once you get to your room, they are OK, but getting there is through a scary neighborhood - you leave the reception area to go down an unsecured alley. We arrived late, and they had switched our booking to a hotel down the street that was even more scary but it was 1 in the morning - so no place to complain. Staff is not very helpful - particularly the middle aged guy at the front desk. No nearby restaurants or shopping. Pay a little more and enjoy Delhi. Trip advisor has other recommended hotels - read the reviews and pay a bit more - how often are you in Delhi??	
Jan 5 2008 	Only if you have to...	The rooms were clean enough. However, having to go out to the street from the Check-in area to the rooms is scary in the middle of the night, especially given the run-down appearance of the neighborhood.The hotel offers complimentary pick-up for their more expensive rooms. I was pleasantly surprised that they sent a person to receive us. However, this turned to dismay as he called for the car after seeing us and it took about an hour and a half of waiting to get in a car. Sure enough, this delay meant that the hotel's restaurant was closed for the night - significant problem when traveling with a small child.Overall, I would not recommend this for families with kids if you are coming from the U.S. Probably more suitable for adults and adventure travelers.	
Dec 7 2007 	Not recommended- dirty and scary	My husband and I had booked three nights at this hotel and left after one. We arrived in Delhi in the middle of the night and got to the hotel at around 4am. Next to the check-in desk there was a doorway covered in a sheet- behind it several people were sleeping on the floor. Our room was shabby and cramped, nothing like the pictures on the website. There were no towels and no toilet paper. The sheets didn't look clean and there was dirt in all of the corners. Random people were hanging around, walking up and down the hall all night and talking loudly. Worst was the foot-wide hole in the wall of the bathroom that opened into an airshaft. The sounds of other people's bathroom activities came in all night. We lay awake, trying to get some sleep, until 8am when we started calling other hotels. Thank goodness we found another hotel and got out of Hotel Southern by 9am.	
Feb 26 2007	If you whant go in New Delhi you must stay in HoI	if you whant go to new delhi you must stay in hotel southern! this is very indian, verry nise and very clin hotel. moust profesional and good staff, verry intresting food. there is verry reasonable price. in southern you are at home. be sure! you arn in the best area in new delhi when you live in southern.bakur from tbilisi.georgia27.02.07	
Feb 26 2007 	A great Web site deception	They were supposed to wait at airport and they didn't. I tried to call hotel few times nobody answers. After two hours I picked a local cab to hotel. Local India taxi driver start laughing at me what kind of hotel I picked up. Area, where hotel is, is quite grabby even according New Delhi standards. Rooms are simply disgusting. Outside hotel it is a mess. I left hotel after 20 minutes and paid charges for one night. It was not possible to brave this hotel.	
Feb 22 2007	A little out of the way	Not a bad hotel, in a bit of an odd location in Karol Bagh, but only a 5-10 min walk to the metro station which makes getting round quite easy. Definately spend the extra money for an executive suite, good sized room and nice bathroom, though zero view and relatively noisy outside. Saw the standard rooms, and they were 'cozy'. The complimentary airport pickup is a bonus, specially if its your first time in India, and they did show up...eventually! Food was quite good (complimentary breakfast not so good) from room service, nice curries, though the sag paneer was the most radioactive looking one I have ever seen!Staff friendly enough and willing to help, over all not a bad choice for a budget ish hotel in the relatively pricey Delhi	
Jan 14 2007 	Oh how deceiving pictures can be	When I first pulled up outside this hotel in the taxi I had to triple-check the address, and ask the receptionist before being convinced that it was indeed the one I'd seen online. Put simply, the hotel in reality is absolutely nothing like what it's website portrays. Ok, so many of the streets in the Karol Bargh area are very grubby, albeiet quite a convenient central location, however the difference between what was promised online, and what I got more than warrants me writing this review. The hotel lobby looks impressive enough - especiallly considering the outside is a complete mess. The receptions was helpful enough. First problem - I'm told check-out time is 8:30am. I was told this previously on an email from them when I booked - when I told them I would choose a different hotel because of it they changed it to midday - when I arrived they knew nothing about this and said they would need to charge me.Guy takes me out into the street and up the most filthy alleyway which leads to an outside building that leads in turn to where my room is. I had booked the 'executive suite' - on first view the room looked ok - but once the door was shut, I had time to see how bad it was. The room was completely infested with cockroaches. Everywhere - running around the bed, the bathroom....I was simply too tired to consider changing hotels, so I decided to brave it out. I told reception to come and spray the room, they did, but this changed nothing.All in all, something to be very aware of - yes their website makes the place look very attractive - but it is very very misleading. Caveat Emptor	
Jan 8 2007 	Maybe good in India standard but does not meet international standards	Stayed in a super-deluxe AC room- which was brand new so that was good. They have dish TV in the room which is also good. The size of the room was small Was initially showed a standard room and was disgustedThe service at the resturant breakfast was rather laid back The breakfast menu was limiting Kaamat resturant is okay The desk service and butlers etc are quite good The New Delhi city tour that we with Southern did was wonderfulOverall, it may good if you are a local Indian Foreingers and NRI's you will be dissapointed, it does not meet international standards, its better to pay a little more and stay at a better hotel..	
Jan 6 2007 	Overall average (maybe good for New Delhi)	This review should be read with the understanding that while doing research for hotels in India, I was struck by the lack of agreement about the quality of different hotels. It seems there was no consistency in the reviews. I hate to add to the confusion but I can't rave about Hotel Southern like the other reviewers. This was our first trip to India and I imagine that among the other hotels in India, Hotel Southern is probably above average but I was not blown away. The positives of the hotel:1. The rooms (we had two different rooms on two different nights) were clean. Not immaculate but NOT gross.2. The hotel did have air conditioning and heat (we did use the heat in January. Initially, the heat was broke but the staff fixed it in about 90 minutes)3. The hotel was a reasonable value. I was not very impressed by the value of the Hotel Southern but it did provide a clean, okay location (most tourists stay near Conant Place) for a reasonable price. 4. The hotel is near (five minute walking) from the New Delhi metro system (this was an excellent way to avoid the pollution, traffic and inflated taxi prices tourists pay)5. The hotel had a complimentary breakfast (but I had to ask about it before the staff gave me vouchers; they were not given to me with my key at check-in, as most other hotels do) 6. The hotel offers a complimentary pick up from railway stations (and sometimes airports); although we tried to arrange this twice but neither time did any hotel staff pick us up. This was a big disappointment. The negatives of the hotel:1. The only negative that was that I felt the staff often did not go out of their way to help us. Failure to arrange transportation for us twice was a big let down. We asked the staff to call the airport to see if our flight was delayed. The staff member sent me to their travel desk where I was given the number but no one ever called for us. A Hotel with good service just make the call. Finally I had to ask about the complimentary breakfast and I demanded that for their failure to pick us up twice, they should give us a complimentary ride to the airport. Good hotel offers these to their guests; the guests do not have to ask.	
Jan 3 2007 	Great Place great service excellente in Delhi	The Hotel has a great service, very clean and very good locatation. If you are thinking to travel to Delhi this is excellence choice. With a travel agency in the hotel you don't need to move around for prepare your routes in Delhi.	
Nov 13 2006 	Cockroaches and unreliable service	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights October. When I made my booking, the staff offered to pick me up from the airport and didn’t show. When I called them to ask about arranging a transfer they simply said they had no more cars and hung up in my ear. When we did arrive, the room had cockroaches. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 8 2006	Best Place to Stay	Hotel southern, a luxury hotel in New Delhi provides the homely feelings, while you are away from your homes . We are today a preferred choice to stay among the travelers. A professionally and elegantly furnished luxury hotel in New Delhi India with an aesthetical ambiance, supported by a team of highly experienced professionals.	
Aug 9 2006 	Great Facility of pickup 	Hii am srinivasan from Tamil Nadu.We had reservation at hotel southern ,and informed them through email about our visit to New Delhi.This is my first visit .They made every arrangements to pickup us from railway station that we haven't had any problem .	
Nov 7 2009 	Furchtbares Hotel mit unangenehmen Personal		
	economical rooms 	The property was very convenient and my stay was smooth. Room was clean and service was perfect. I didn't take any meal but morning breakfast was hygienic and tasteful. Thought i took the dinner &amp; it was great . Location was also decent one. I will definitely visit this hotel whenever I planned to come back here again.	
	France love India	This was my first visit to India. One of my friend suggested me to take a stay in this hotel.I booked the suit room through internet. Hotel arranged complimentary airport pickup for me. They gave me a very classy service,the room was very neat and clean,mini bar had all the things which i needed,the restaurant was good and the food was awesome. The interior of the room was really very good and it gave me a positive attitude. The staff of the hotel was well trained and gave me a good service. I also enjoyed the internet service but the only drawback was the location of the hotel i.e. karol bagh area was very crowded. Despite of all the drawbacks about the area i really enjoyed my stay.I would like to thank the hotel staff for cooperating with me and giving me the good service and my special thanks goes especially to the front office of the hotel for not charging for the printouts which i had taken from the hotel computer.	
	HotelNanakRocks	The property was very convenient and my stay was smooth. Room was clean and service was perfect. I didn't take any meal but morning breakfast was hygienic and tasteful. Location was also decent one. I will definitely visit this hotel whenever I planned to come back here again.	
Nov 26 2009 	I Love Delhi	I enjoyed my stay at Sri Nanak in Delhi . Many thanks to owners Sandeep &amp; Karan who took personal care of us . I arrived early and I was given room. The service is excellent but the food is average. Will definately stay at the hotel when I visit Delhi . Also I will recommend my friends to book through hotel directly . Hotel has a nice website and can book online directly.	
Nov 26 2009 	godloveshuman	A Perfect hotel for the business traveler and located in an ideal central area accessible from anywhere in the city any hour . Overall set up is excellent and counter staff courteous and helpful. so much so that at times you feel you are unnecessarily taking advantage of their nature just because you want to experience the Royal feeling which the staff wants you to experience. It was a perfect stay.Kamal Bhagat	
Nov 25 2009 	TheGamePlay	The hotel room was very good with modern outfit. Though room was spacious, its more than made up with modern amenities and good lighting. The front office was also very cordial and well staffed. The restaurant was not very good. The food was upto standard. The bath room was good . House keeping made sure small things are refilled everyday !	
Nov 21 2009 	What you see and what you get are both good!	As a female travelling alone, I found the neighborhood a little destitute, but the hotel was perfect for the price and just around the corner from bustling activity, shops, traffic and typical Delhi hustle and bustle. The staff was eager to help and very warm and friendly. The room was very spacious; the only drawback is that the shower is not in a separate stall so water sprays over the floor of the bathroom. All in all, a good value, very clean, lots of little packages of necessities. I would recommend this as a decent budget hotel.	
Oct 29 2009 	The Hospitality and service was the best.	A Perfect hotel for the business traveler and located in an ideal central area accessible from anywhere in the city any hour . Overall set up is excellent and counter staff courteous and helpful. so much so that at times you feel you are unnecessarily taking advantage of their nature just because you want to experience the Royal feeling which the staff wants you to experience. It was a perfect stay .	
Oct 24 2009 	Good value hotel in a good location	This hotel is situated in a market. Good area to stay in as it is a local indian area and hassle free. Good shopping close by. Small hotel but friendly. Staff were helpful.	
Oct 21 2009 	Cheap but not really clean	The hotel is cheap, located in an area with a lot of garages and car trading activities. We were upgraded for free - but the room we were upgraded to did not even have a window! Sheets and towels were partly dirty - so this was not a cosy place to stay.The personell is very friendly tough, we were instantly given another room when asking. All in all it is not really a recommendable hotel, but we had expected something like that.	
Oct 16 2009 	Room was fabulous with all the facilities. Staff were active with good smile on their face	Room was fabulous with all the facilities. Staff were active with good smile on their face. Breakfast was excellent in taste. Hotel is centrally located in the main city. It is worth the money charged.	
Oct 16 2009 	This hotel is centrally located in the main city	This hotel is centrally located in the main city. Our room was well organised with all the amenities. Staff members were willing to help us anytime. Also breakfast was tasty and it was served very well by the waiter of the restaurant.	
Oct 12 2009 	Value for money	This hotel is centrally located in the main city. Rooms were well organised with all the amenities. Staff members were willing to help us anytime. Also breakfast was tasty and it was served very well by the waiter of the restaurant.	
Oct 11 2009 	we were quite happy	Hotel is centrally located in the main city. Our room was wonderful, the room service managed the things well. The food quality too was up to the mark. This is definitely a good choice.	
Oct 1 2009 	Worst place to stay	I was forced to stay in this hotel as i was coming from Manali with a small 4 year old child at 6.30 am.I checked into this hotel.The room rents are far too high for the amenities.The bed is placed on a carpet which has not been cleaned in the last one year.The hotel staff must rank as the most unfriendly and rude that I have encountered.They insisted i pay in cash or pay 2% more if I payed by card.They insisted that I pay more as i was checking in at 6.30 am in the morning.Hioweevr if you fight they would reluctently agree to not charge you anything extra.If you wanted an extra tea bag , I had to fight for it.	
Sep 29 2009 	Average	Average hotel in the busy Carol Bagh area.Not much to describe about except that you cant find another 3 star hotel in Delhi city for this value.The restaurant is not that great and the food too was just OK.Overall, only advisable if you dont have any other option except stay in Carol Bagh....Which ofcourse is a street shoppers paradise.	
Sep 6 2009 	Loved the hospitality	I was at this hotel with my parents from Feb 3, 09 - Feb 7, 09. We had travelled from Fiji Islands.The most fantastic thing about this hotel is the hospitality. The staff, even the management were so helpful. We ran into some emergency and I was amazed at the way we were helped out, especially by the management. Another great thing we liked about this hotel was the location. It is right in the middle of Karol Bagh and accessible to the main shopping areas. We really enjoyed our stay here.	
Aug 31 2009 	we enjoyed it	Sri Nanak is definitely one of the best 3 star properties in Delhi. The hotel room &amp; the food was excellent. It was a perfect stay.	
Aug 29 2009 	very nice stay	The hotel is perfect for a stay in Delhi We received a warm welcome from the hotel management. We were given a nice room. The room was spacious and well furnished. In fact, we are thankful to the hotel management because they upgraded our room without any extra cost. The bathrooms were very clean . There was bath tub, and also separate shower panels which we enjoyed the most. We were also given complimentary soft beverages and free laundry service. The restaurants served delicious food. I would certainly recommend this hotel to all travelers in Delhi .	
Aug 29 2009 	Better stay away	Sri Nanak Continental is situated in a rather shabby neighbourhood in New Delhi.We stayed in four different hotels on our trip, and Sri Nanak was by far the worst.We had booked a &quot;luxury room&quot;.- The room did not feature a safe (which was said to be included).- The A/C was old and very noisy, and it was not possible to leave it on when removing the room key to go out, making the room as hot as outside (+40 c).The staff tried to scam us when we asked for a hotel taxi to the local market. It was just a couple of blocks away, and they wanted Rs. 1500 (!!). When we declined the offer and left, they hurried back to us and offered a four hour sightseeing for rp.800 (which still is pretty expensive).We went to see some other parts of India, and left the hotel for five days. We asked to check out and get refund for the this period. The staff declined the refund, but wanted us badly to check out. We did not check out, as we needed the room for storage. So, in the meantime, while checked in, the staff removed our belongings from the hotel room and unplugged the refridgerator. When we got back, we had to ask the staff to get our stuff back. They had most likely rented our room out when we were gone. Very unprofessional!Positive remarks:- The hotel gave us free airport pick up.- They gave us three hour free internet access.- Liqour shop situated next to the hotel.- The food in the restaurant (other than the continental breakfast) was OK.Note:The internet at the hotel must be authenticated through a web frontend. This page does not work with Opera Mini or the standard Nokia web browser.Summary:Unprofessional and dubious staff. Stay away from this hotel.	
Aug 22 2009 	Pretty poor might be ok value for money.	Me and some friends stayed at this hotel when visiting India recently and here are my impressions:Rooms: Size is somewhat small, but in my opinion not really that bad. The main room seemed clean enough, but the bathroom was a disaster. A very dirty floor, somewhat smelly, and stains in the toilet (not excrements, but the kind you get if you never clean it). Towels and bedsheets were clean.Hygene supplies like soap, shampoo, shaver, shower scrub and tooth brush/paste were all included, but the empty/used ones wasn't always replaced unless we asked for it.Air Condition machines were noisy but worked ok.Staff: Rather unfriendly and not too service-minded. They also seemed very helpless when it came to things that are not in their daily routine. For example, when cheking out, they insisted my card was being declined. When I looked at the display on the card reader it said &quot;check phone no&quot;. I told them that it was probably not a card problem, but a connection problem, yet they insisted it was my card that didn't work and demanded I go get some cash. After some nagging, I got them to wiggle a bit on the phone connector, and hey presto, it worked.As usual, when checking out, you have to fight the staff to roll your own suitcase yourself the three meters from your room to the lift. If they get to you they'll also cram themselves together with you and your luggage in the already small elevator, not matter how much you tell them you can do it yourself. Totally unnecessary in my opinion. No tip!When we asked the hotel taxi for a 8 km ride they wanted 1500 rupees. We just turned our back to leave, and suddenly we got a better (not good, but better) deal. (Four hours free driving for 800 rs) Dissapointing that they first tried to hustle us like that.The two friends I traveled with had prepaid their room, and when we went for a unplanned trip we told the staff we would leave for a few days. As my friends could not get a refund (the staff didn't even want to try, they just repeated &quot;not refundable as in the agreement&quot;) my friends didn't check out for the small trip. When we came back, their belongings were removed from their room. Though they got them back, it seems the room was rented out in the meantime.Food: The best thing about the hotel. The restaurant has some great Indian dishes. But stay away from the continental breakfast!Internet: Provided by wifi, but unfortunately user authorized by a somewhat dodgy web solution that doesn't work in all browsers, so you might not be able to use your smart phone.	
Aug 13 2009 	Poor organization	I went to India with my wife for sightseen, this country has many things to see and Taj Mahal is defenitively the best of the seven wonders. We were hosted in Hotel Sri Nanak Continental and from my point of view this hotel has a weak organization.We had the next problems due poor organization1.- I requested pick up service in the airport, we were waiting for 30 minutes, and taxi never arrives, finally we decided to go by ourself to hotel.2.- Even though there is a questionaire to feed back about problems with infrastructure and service, it seem they didnt read it, air conditioner is very noisy, almost impossible to sleep, but with a temperature in summer of 40°C obviously is necessary3.- Room cleaning can be drastically improved.4.- We bought a 3 days-tour to Agra and Jaipur in travel desk of same hotel, I explained them due we were not using the room during 2 nights I must not pay this, but responsible explained me this is a hotel policy and that I had to pay this 2 nights and additional hotel in Agra and Jaipur. 5.- The street is very noisy and rooms are not designed to have a quiet enviroment.I recommend to look for different option, there are better hotels in Delhi at same price.	
Jul 20 2009 	Horrible horrible place-will not stay here ever again!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for one night. My husband booked this place because it was shown as a top value hotel on Trip advisor! the location is not that great. but that was not our main problem. when we arrived at the hotel after a long flight, the staff were very rude and extremely lazy.. hey took about half hour to check us in and the service was really really bad. finally we were taken to the room. It is extremely small. Although they had provided a big collection of supplies for bathroom etc. I was impressed with the LCD TV bcos overally the hotel looked quite horrible! The bathroom was the worst. It smelt of cigarettes and I was not sure if they had actually cleaned the bathrooms before we arrived. Five minutes after we checked into the hotel, we were asked to come down to the reception with our passports. As we were planning to go and watch a movie, my husband and I went downstairs. We were met by two police officers in civil clothes. They started asking us many questions as to where we work etc. We were questioned for a good ten minutes. They became very nice to us after they found out where my husband and I were working and apologised to us. When we asked why they wanted to question us they told us that it was arountine checking as the indian independance day was coming soon, that we were the only guests in our rooms and because we were originally from a south asian country! I was quite angry, even thought the police officers were eventually very nice to us. we had no idea why they wanted to check us and we were quite suspicious because both the police officers who had come to check us spoke our mother tongue which is not that often used in north india.. what made us even more angrier was that the front office staff did not even apologise to us or even explain why were being questioned.. My husband and I have stayed in many places as we go on holidays once a month and this hotel was the worst that I had stayed in.. My husband and I actually had an argguement because I was complaining the whole evening about this hotel :).. I have no idea why this hotel is shown as a top value hotel in trip advisor as there are many many more nicer hotels. I will not stay here again and I will not recommend it to anyone!!	
Jun 14 2009	small but convenient	Small hotel but neat.. good for stay if you going for shopping in that area of delhi	
May 27 2009 	Nice experience....	The hotel &amp; services were very much helpfull to me as I was the first time visitor to Delhi. I felt very easy to move to see various places in and around Delhi. They had a very good trip assistance, loyal drivers with cab took me to Haridwar+ Rishikesh+ Tajmahal.Rooms &amp; Services were satisfactory.	
May 20 2009 	AVOID !!! DON'T STAY AT THIS HOTEL	The room was very small and unpleasent. Very DIRTY. Unable to sleep due to a loud noise from the street till 4 am. No hot water at bathroom. On arrival we were told that breakfast is included, but on checkout we charged 600 rhp for breakfast. The breakfast was very poor, and the service poor as well. The train station is about 10 minutes walk, in an unpleasant area. The hotel location is faraway from the tourists' attraction, and the area don't look safe at evening time. The A/C was very noisy, and hardly worked, so the room was hot.It was the worst hotel we had in India. I would not stay there again. I do NOT recommend this hotel. It was a very bad experience. I can not understand the other review.	
May 3 2009 	Overall stay was unpleasant though some staff were nice.	I only stayed for one night and left quickly the next morning to tour a bit of Delhi and catch a train to Agra in the afternoon. The rooms were ok, but not very clean. My towels were dirty and phone didn't work, so I had to move rooms right away. I can't say much about the location as I didn't explore much, but it is on a very busy narrow street filled with mopeds, fruit stands, and liveliness. Wouldn't recommend walking around solo after dusk but if you are 2 or more, you'd probably be ok. FYI -Breakfast was not included since I booked online. I would not stay there again or recommend this hotel.Additionally - When I arrived, I coordinated a car for the next day which was a bit of an ordeal, but worked out fine. Just beware of the 80 kilometer limit, which I exceeded easily (they charge 7 rupees each additional kilometer - which I actually don't think is terrible, just that you will like go over the limit.) Also, the driver tried to tack on an extra 20 more for not dropping me off back at the hotel or something, even though I had arranged to end the day at the train station. That was annoying and obviously not well communicated.	
Mar 12 2009 	brilliant service	we had a short stay at this hotel and would fully recommend it to anyone. The train station is very near and in the middle of a vibrant area. The service was very good, Bunty the taxi driver was great and very helpful . Food was very good and will definately stay again. For a good quality cheap hotel i would stay here.	
Feb 9 2009 	nice family run hotel	I being a business traveler very often come to new delhi . I booked this hotel via a travel agent and it turned out to be a very decent choice . They had nice , clean rooms with all facilities . Also rooftof restaurant serves delicious chicken items . The travel desk &amp; staff were also very prompt .	
Feb 5 2009 	Unlikely to go back	For me, getting a good nights sleep and having good washing facilities are the most important reasons for staying in a hotel. Sadly this hotel failed on both counts. The room was tiny with old style A.C. unit which allowed all the outside noise to come through, making it impossible to sleep. The shower had a very poor water flow, not enough have a decent wash. And if you arrive early, like we did, they will charge you for an extra night. If you want to stay up all night and go without a wash, be their guest. Definitely not for us again.	
Jan 12 2009 	Much More than Expected	We being an old couple wanted a neat room &amp; a secure place to stay. After spending numerous hours searching for the hotel on the internet we decided to stay at Sri Nanak. There are endless options in the internet but you realize the difference only when you arrive at the hotel .We had booked the hotel directly to get a good deal, and the reply was prompt . We stayed in a executive room which was a newly renovated rooms &amp; later upgraded us to a suite room since they had empty rooms which was a nice gesture. It had nice LCD TV and very clean white linen which is uncommon for hotels in delhi in this price bracket. Rooms had all things which you can expect from a 4 * hotel. We were satisfied with the staff who helped us at all times. Also the hotel has a travel desk in which we went for a same day agra tour * delhi local tour which all went perfect. Overall i would like to recommend this hotel to all travelers as I like sharing my opinion so that others can benefit.Also the hotel Wi-Fi Service was very fast &amp; the best part it was free. They also have a desktop machines in case you do not have a laptop . &quot;&quot;	
Jan 11 2009 	Family Traveller44	This was my first visit to New Delhi, I always book my hotel through Travel Agent but this time I book my hotel through internet. As I have seen many reviews in trip-advisor about this hotel so we decide to stay in this hotel &amp; book a room through the hotel website. I requested the hotel to give me the discount but they refuse to give me the discount and they offer me Free Airport pickup with complimentary breakfast. So we finally decide to book this hotel. The hotel arranged nice luxury car to pickup my family as I was coming from Singapore late night. The hotel was located in crowded area Karol Bagh so we feel safe there to stay. Hotel Sri Nanak was nice, clean &amp; comfortable as my daughter is very particular about the cleanliness of the bathroom but she was happy as there was shower panel in the bathroom with 6 nozzles as never expected in such kind of hotels. The hotel room was small but they have all facilities which we can never think in small luxury hotel as I have stayed in many hotels in India. I will recommend other family travelers to stay in this hotel as the atmosphere of the hotel looks like home.	
Dec 30 2008 	Very Noisy Overpriced	Stayed for a night. The room was very noisy for 2 reasons:1. A/C was rumbling like it was about the explode. Had to switch it off eventually because I got really worried. 2. There was some night-long celebration where there was chanting/singing in the street outside (not the Hotel's fault, but still makes it difficult to sleep).Free wireless internet was good. They also give free newspapers which I did not expect from a budget hotel. Hotel staff were also reasonably helpful. While no complaints apart from the noise, the overall hotel service is not spectacular either to merit the price they are charging for.	
Dec 29 2008 	Mediocre but Manageable	Our room was incredibly small, and a bit dingy. Staff was nice, though, and the breakfasts were good. The &quot;aloo parata&quot; was the best we had in India.	
Dec 16 2008 	Exellent experience	&quot; We stayed for 7 nights in this hotel . I must say they are really hard woking people . The staff were really helpful at all times . the manager was flexible with the late checkout time , we were ready to pay the charge . But he denied . also the food , rooms service all was very good . The hotel wa its travel desk for which they offer good price . The Local Sightseeing with them was also a good one covering all parts ot delhi . I would reccoamnde this hotel &quot;	
Dec 10 2008 	We enjoyed this Hotel very much	We enjoyed this hotel very much . Its a nice family run hotel by Sandeep &amp; Karan .The hotel is nice &amp; Clean . Very near to connaught places which is heart of Delhi . We stayed 3 night and really liked our stay at this hotel.	
Dec 9 2008	No problems but overpriced	I stayed here three nights and had absolutely no problems, but the price of 2590 rupees is simply too high for this kind of accommodation. You can get a similar room at Cottage Yes Please for 900/night (and I would have done so, except Yes Please was full at that time). The only real difference in service and quality that I can think of was that Sri Nanak left a newspaper outside my door every morning.The location is a bit noisy. There is a Gurudwara down the street and they broadcast prayers quite loudly at certain times during the day and evening. All around the hotel there are automotive-type shops with lots of motorbikes and the place is really grimy, especially the air. You can see the haze in the air just looking down the street.The main reason I paid this much was for the free WiFi, which I needed for my work. But there are probably other, cheaper options available.	
Dec 2 2008 	Great stay	We had very nice time at this hotel,Rooms, staff , internet , clealiness all was very good, we very much enjoyed our stay.	
Nov 16 2008 	Mixed Feelings	Staying at the Sri Nanak Continental for two nights on my first trip to Delhi, I cannot compare it to other accomodations - but you get the impression that the prices of all mid-range hotels are somehow inflated. The good thing about the Hotel is the rather quiet location (at least for the Karol Bagh district). Most taxi drivers will have to ask a couple of times (and may not be able to read the hotel sign or the address on your reservation...). The room was more less clean, but a strange selection of new and old (well used) furniture. The rooms seem to differ very much, some with new flat screen TVs and bathrooms, some with quite old installations.The rooftop restaurant produced surprisingly good dishes, though the ordering process revealed some communication problems now and then.The check in took quite long, Minibar and Taxi had to be paid in cash. The service was efficient, however, and wakeup call and ordered taxi were on time. The hotel also offers to store some luggage, e.g. if you leave for a round trip for a couple of days.	
Nov 8 2008 	Not impressed I'm afraid	I have to say I was not at all impressed with having paid nearly $200 for 2 nights in this hotel.When I arrived my room was not clean, there were gecko droppings in the bathroom, the sheets were dusty, half a bottle of the previous occupant's shampoo was in the room, the kettle did not work and there were the remnants of the previous sachets of coffee from the last occupant, but no replacement sachets. The milk powder sachets were also 8 months past the 'best before' date and it is recommended not to drink them after this date.The following day (today) I had to make many requests - for replacement sachets of coffee, for a new kettle and, when no one had come to clean my room by the afternoon, I requested it was cleaned. This was done quite reluctantly. I still received no replacement coffee sachets.The staff were very polite and have good manners and the reception desk were very helpful in providing me with maps, information re shops and other matters.However, there does need to be some improvement in the management of the hotel domestic standards. They are not what I would expect from a 3 star Hotel.If I had paid $30 per night and this hotel was either a 1 or 0 star, I would have been happy, as it comes under the no frills budget category. However, it is far far removed from the advert on the site and not worth the amount of money I spent on it.	
Oct 1 2008 	not a good place	The worst hotel we stayed in India. The staff was not friendly at all.When we asked to pay in euros they tried to cheat us in calculating the chage rates...The room was dirty and we had to keep close the bathroom door due to the smell...The resturant is fine even if the service was very slow.	
Sep 5 2008 	Great budget place but beware of the tourist operators attahced to the hotel	If you are looking for a good budget hotel then Nanak is a great choice in Delhi. It's location is not the best, especially since it is tucked into a narrow street which was not really car-friendly. Service at the hotel was excellent. The staff were very friendly and accommodating. Rooms were clean but the bathroom shower curtains could be better. The food at the restaurant was good and we had no complaints. My only complaint during the duration of our stay was the travel agency attached to the hotel. They were ridiculously overpriced, and the drivers who took us back to New Delhi railway station were outright impolite and did not care about the fact that it was raining and that we did not want to wade in a pool of water to get to the entrance of the station. All they were worried about was that we had to pay Rs. 100 more for the A/C. On the second day of our stay we took a tour of Delhi and the driver was reluctant to take us to many places saying that it was too crowded. It looked like we were traveling with his comfort in mind.PLEASE BEWARE ABOUT THESE TOURIST OPERATORS. You would be better off if you can arrange your Delhi tours with another travel agency. I called Mr. Karan Khandelwal of the hotel and he promised to look into this matter and was very apologetic but I never got a call back or an email regarding this. Overall the hotel was a pleasant experience with the only blot being the tourist operators. I would recommend the place otherwise.	
Aug 12 2008 	Would recommend it …	Enroute home I had some dead time in Delhi on August 1. As I was travelling with two young kids, some decent lodging to have a nap and shower, was imperative. I booked this hotel by directly contacting the property through email. They offered me a room for INR 1500 for 8 hours, everything included except transfer. I thought INR 1500 was not a bad deal and thus consented to the offer. The room was clean and worth its price. Bathroom was of good standard to be a budget hotel in India, toiletries of acceptable quality. Wifi was ok. As far as location is considered, it all depends upon what you are looking for. If you are out to enjoy the true hustle bustle of India, it is a perfect choice … congested, mainstream India with all its salient features. But if you are allergic of crowd, hullaballoo and wanted to have something silent and calm, avoid this hotel … rather avoid the locality Karol Bagh altogether. The hotel asks for INR 700 for a taxi to the airport, which is quite unreasonable. Air-conditioned radio taxi would cost at the most INR 450. Of course, there are much better alternatives. However, in short, I would recommend this hotel if you are looking something in this price class. A general tip: Try as far as practically possible, have your deals in writing, explicitly mentioning what it includes and what it doesn’t. Otherwise, you will be bitterly surprised at the end.	
Jul 19 2008 	A Nice Budget Alternative	First of all, it should be clear to visitors that we are talking about budget alternative not a property in luxury segment. Thus, it would be unreasonable and irrational to expect everything at its best. Taking the rates in account I would say … 1. Hotel rooms are adequately clean. 2. Toilet/bathroom = above average3. Maharaja suit could be a nice option for families travelling with young kids and tight budget. Location is not the ideal one … but not that bad either. Conclusion: Honestly speaking Sri Nanak deserves better rating than the one it currently holds (27).	
Jun 30 2008 	Cosy Little Hotel	The Sri Nanak is a cozy place in a busy Delhi location. It's not within walking distance of much, but you'll feel like you're in real Delhi.We stayed here twice, and had a different room each time. The two rooms we had were both comfortable and clean, but one room was definitely more recently renovated in than the other.On Christmas Day, we were treated to a free simple dinner in the restaurant upstairs.Practicalities:Free internet access from a computer terminal. There are small grocery shops, pharmacies and restaurants nearby. The hotel staff is courteous and responsive to needs. The hotel also felt safe. Get detailed instructions on how to get to the hotel because taxi drivers seem to have difficulty finding it. Overall, great for the price.	
Jun 11 2008 	Comfortable Stay	Though I stayed at the hotel just for a night, I found the hotel very comfortable and peaceful. The interior of the hotel room was very good. The hotel is located in the heart of the city, Karol Bagh. The staff was very co-operative and helpful. I would certainly recommend this hotel to my relatives and friends.	
Apr 26 2008 	Excellent Stay	I stayed with Hotel Sri Nanak in March 08. The hotel was great, the services was just too great. The Owner sandeep was great too, he had a dinner with us and that was complimentary. The Manager were very helpful in providing information about the city which was quite handy ! We had our Laptops , we could browse High Speed Wi-Fi which was quite useful . Also if you are not carrying the notebook then the hotel provides free access to desktops. The Food at the restaurant was great serving excellent chicken tikka masala (I like spicy food). The food was just too good to resist! The rooms have been nicely decorated &amp; very clean. The bathroom was equipped with latest amenities and the rooms were just amazing. There is a nicely decorated lobby in the basement where you can shop too. I bought a lovely pair of elephants. Over all my stay at the hotel was great &amp; it's a good deal to be here! If you are in Delhi, grab a room here.Happy traveling to all!	
Apr 22 2008 	clean cheap free wi-fi	The hotel offered to pick me up from the airport, for 800 Rupees. I arranged a taxi at the airport for 250 Rupees, but took the driver a long time to find the hotel. I would recommend you have a map and give the driver directions.The location is a few minutes walk from several lively street markets and the metro station is within 10 minutes walk.The room was small, basically furnished and reasonably clean. The staff are very helpful.A good value hotel for Delhi.	
Apr 20 2008 	Excellent location grat staff	I chose Sri Nanak hotel for 2 reasons: the location (it is nearby the place I needed to go to for business) and the reviews about the staff. When in a new city it is always best to have reliable local information. My expections were infact exceeded.The hotel is clean and provides a more than average service for the Indian standards of a 3 star. But the people at the reception were outstanding. They helped me organize my days in such a way that I managed to perfectly combine busines and tourism. Transport was just perfect, including the pick up at the airport.But a special note is for the restaurant: I had the most enjoyable indian food; not the usual tourist stuff, but authentic indian cuisine in a very friendly environment.I will for sure come back the next times I will be in Delhi.	
Apr 14 2008 	Mixed feelings	This was our first trip to India and our first stay in this hotel. To me it bore no resemblance to the lavish reviews I've read on this site, but it was clean and things worked. I was charged 700 rupees for a &quot;complimentary&quot; pickup from the airport, but I must blame myself as I had forgotten that the pickup was supposed to be free. The location is awful, but perhaps the rest of Delhi is like that (we only went from the airport to the hotel and back). There was also some problem with the online reservation payment gateway and if I hadn't checked the total would have paid about twice what I was supposed to. I don't know quite how to rate this hotel as I haven't seen others in Delhi, but I certainly don't think the hotel deserves the praise some reviewers have cast on it.	
Apr 12 2008	Good for occasional night's stay	We spent 4 nights, in 2 stays, during March, in different rooms. The rooms are small, with little storage space, but clean, the bed firm but adequate. The air con worked but was noisy, the fridge didn't work. The bathroom is a 'wet room' so take your thongs/flip-flops, but there was hot water. The staff were friendly &amp; helpful. Unless they already know where it is, taxis won't be able to find it - it's buried in the 'motor-cycle repair' section of the bazaar. But they will be able to find the gurdwara: the hotel is very close - if the gurdwara is on your LHS, turn R for 1 block, &amp; vise versa. Alternatively, arrange for the hotel to send a car to meet you at the station or airport. The dining room on the top floor is not very attractive, although an Indian family had a birthday party there - good sign. Be careful of the food - my wife had a dose of salmonella 2 days after we left &amp; is convinced it was from a re-heated veg biryani she had there. In summary, it's OK for an occasional night's stay, if you're prepared to live out of your suitcase, &amp; it's inexpensive. For some reason they wouldn't take a CR card for payment but insisted on cash.	
Apr 7 2008 	Great hotel great family	I had an excellent stay at Hotel Sri Nanak. I was in India for one month doing volunteer work and stayed at the hotel the entire time. The family that owns the hotel was very helpful and even gave us a deal because we stayed for such a long time. Anything we needed, they tried their best to get. The power went off about once a day, but luckily, the hotel had a generator that kicked on and kept the air conditioning and lights running. All the staff was very friendly and helped us out with what we needed in terms of directions. Really, this is a comfortable, friendly, Indian run place. They do what they can to make their guests happy and comfortable.	
Apr 1 2008 	overpriced for location	My partner and I arrived early in the morning. We had given them details of our flight by email couple of days before but nobody picked us up. Wasn't such a big deal as the pre-paid taxi was handy at the airport.When we arrived, they didn't have any room for us and we believed it might have been some communication problem. We were totally exhausted, so we took their suggestion of staying in their staff's room for a few hours until one of their guests checked out later that morning. Reception guy was very polite, helpful and friendly.Anyway, we believe that for the location and the quality of the suite we stayed, it was overpriced. We stayed our next nights at another hotel in Paharganj, half their price and a little higher quality!I would recommend travellers to stay in Paharganj area, which is very close to metro station, much cheaper and more interesting!	
Mar 31 2008	Very Average Beware of Noise	Picked this hotel based on tripadvisor reviews. To sum it up, we got what we paid for. The restaurant on top had very average food. The hotel rooms were very average. After reading the reviews, I expected the hotel to be noisy. and it was VERY noisy. I must have woken up 3 or 4 times in the night/early morning. The noise from the street is just insane. Its almost as if there is no glass. As for the staff, they were very helpful and courteous. As for the location, I would not recommend any single women travellers to stay in this hotel. The area isn't bad, but it sure as heck ain't safe. As the manager said, this is the oldest part of New Delhi.In the end, if you want average, this is it.	
Feb 19 2008 	Hard to find a good hotel in New Delhi	We booked three rooms and stayed six nights while we were attending a conference in January 2008. Prior to leaving I asked five of the hotels I had previously stayed at (Ashok, Taj Mahal, Oberoi, Meriden, and Claridges) to quote a price for four rooms for six nights, including all taxes, I do not know if it was the time of year but all came back with quotes in excess of $10,000 and one was not sure they could fit us in! If you are looking at the Hotel Sri Nanak Continental you are probably having the same problem, finding a good clean hotel in New Delhi. I use Google Earth and the Hotel Sri Nanak was shown as located in New Delhi close to our meeting at the Dr. Kothari conference center. I sent an email to the hotel to book the rooms and stated that it was selected based on its location. I am a regular visitor to India and know my way around New Delhi although I had not been there in over 10 years. The Hotel Sri Nanak Continental is not in New Delhi but in Old Delhi and its ranking of 22 of 215 hotels in New Delhi is more a reflection of the sever lack of good hotels. As one of our first time visitors to India put it “a one star hotel on the fringe of the ghetto” he had never seen an Indian ghetto so he is probably overly harsh.The location “mistake” was not a mistake but I am glad to report that it has now been corrected. India is known for its entrepreneurship and rather than take offense on what appears to be borderline dishonesty it is better to take in your stride and get the problem fixed. The hotel did pick us up at the airport in a good car, the hotel is in a dirty part of town but I believe it to be safe. The trip they arranged for Agra went well and the hotel taxi driver was made to cough up what he overcharged due to lack of change! Finally the grey towels were eventually replaced by clean white towels. One of our party had money stolen from stored luggage despite the “security” but it is not a good idea to leave money in luggage anywhere in the world.All in all probably somewhat overpriced for the location and condition of the rooms but you may want to consider negotiating and on the up side, despite its basic appearance the restaurant is great.My advice to the owners: Keep your laundry clean and fix up the roof area so guests have somewhere to sit. My advice to guests – welcome to India, keep your cash safe and go with the flow.	
Feb 13 2008 	Great Presidential room	The presidential suite is amazing! great service and accommodation!	
Feb 10 2008	Friendly 	I booked this hotel through internet. We were there for our first business trip. Upon arrival, I was surprised that the check in was still traditional way of recording but with security camera in place. The food is fantastic and the staff is always smiling. The room is clean too. What is important is I have free broadband internet. It's a nice place to rest at the heart of busy shop houses.Alvin, Singapore	
Feb 7 2008 	I didnt like it	After extensive research on the web, Sri Nanak seemed to be the best bet, but I was really disappointed. My biggest problem was that the rooms were really dusty, I was constantly sneezing and wiping my nose. My 2nd gripe was that the bathroom was a disaster. I cant understand why they dont use a separator between the shower and toilet. So the end effect is that after a shower the entire bathroom is wet !. Its a pity... this could be a really decent place if only they took the time to clean it !On the plus side the staff were helpful, although did raise your suspicions sometime. However overall they did help me with train ticket bookings and taxi service. Another plus is that they pick you up from the airport, which is a real help since you will inevitably get ripped off by a local taxi driver. As for location, its a bit run-down, but then thats India for you. Another plus is that its close to the Delhi Metro (which is excellent), and there are some shopping arcades in walking distance.	
Jan 26 2008 	Great place to begin and end your journey to India	We traveled to India as a family of six, with four under the age of eighteen. We flew into Delhi and Sri Nanak Hotel was waiting for us - even though our flight was delayed more than two hours in the middle of the night. What service! The hotel staff was friendly, supportive and helped us acclimate from the USA to India. Mr. Sandeep and Mr. Karan were particularly helpful. They made sure all of our needs were addressed. They arranged for transportation to the Taj, to our friend's house in Delhi, and to the airports as we traveled. We came back to this hotel after more than two weeks in country. We stayed in several hotels, and this had the best service, good food, clean accomodations and excellent management and staff. When we come to India in the future this will be our first and last stop. I give Sri Nanak my highest recommendation - a value for the money, and a welcome respite from the busyness of Delhi. Hats off to Mr. Sandeep and Mr. Karan!	
Jan 13 2008 	This is Not a Luxury Hotel It's similar to a Motel 8 in the US	I picked this hotel based on the reviews and the price, but of all of the hotels I stayed at during my month long India trip, I thought this one was the one that I like least. I stayed in the best room they had and did not think that it was worth the price I paid. I'll update my review with pictures when I can get the pics uploaded. The bed was not comfortable and though the linens looked clean. The bathroom was an average hotel in India bathroom (no bathtub, shower with a bucket and a sink and toilet). The location of the hotel was not good. There was constant noise from the street: cats fighting, dogs fighting, cars honking, engines roaring...the pics I have of the street show how unideal the location really is... If the hotel was priced for the best room at $50 USD/per night, I think it would be a fair price. This hotel should definitely not be charging over $100. On a positive note, the staff seemed helpful and the elevator works. Unfortunately, since I didn't stay in other Delhi hotels, I can't recommend others. I did stay in many hotels on the Golden Triangle Route and can recommend those for the review in the those areas.	
Dec 22 2007 	Terrible stay away	Ever wonder why this seems to be one of the few places that seems to have plenty of rooms on short notice? It's because they will take your reservation and then move you on to a different hotel of their choice, even if you personally emailed with them to confirm a reservation made via a website.I arrived here after a long haul flight, quite late in the evening only to discover they had moved me to a different hotel. The room there was fine, even though the bathroom was dirty and there was no hot water. Moreover it was located in the middle of the motorcycle repair district of a market. I probably do not need to elaborate on the amount of noise large numbers of bikes make in the morning...I very much recommend AGAINST booking a room at this hotel. You won't end up there anyway, and will just have to go through a lot of hasle to get your original booking fee refunded. (evidently, I ended up paying the other hotel)	
Dec 21 2007 	Noisy busy surroundings	Hotel kindly arranged a pick up from the Airport, got in at approx 0130 am. The hotel is located in a very busy market place and I wouldn't recommend this to anyone wanting a gentle introduction to Delhi following a long plane journey. Hotel was clean, but the location spoilt the experience. It's the only place where I had to get out of my Tuk Tuk and walk back to the hotel due to gridlocked traffic. Anyone who doesn't like barking dogs or call to prayer early morning should avoid.Staff were indifferent, the only place where no-one wanted to discuss the India-Pakistan cricket game underway.Best avoided unless you can't get anywhere else or are particularly interested in import export from the surrounding commerce...	
Dec 17 2007 	Good enough	It took me a long time to decide upon Hotel Sri Nanak Continental as my destination upon arrival in New Delhi. As some other reviewers have noted, there seems to be a dearth of true mid-range lodging in Delhi. In many cases it is necessary to spend a small fortune to get what might be considered a moderate hotel in other places. I made my reservation at the Sri Nanak Continental and upgraded (paid, not complimentary) to a suite. My first experience was with the airport pickup. I walked through the arrivals area and saw many drivers with signs, but I didn't see my name on any of them. Since my flight had arrived about 20 minutes early (!) I decided to wait a few minutes before getting worried. I waited a little over an hour before calling the hotel. It turned out that the driver was waiting for me outside instead of inside the arrivals hall. It was fine that he was there, but it would have been nice to know ahead of time that he would be outside and not inside. Once we met up, though, all went well getting to the hotel. Check-in went quite smoothly. I was able to grab a quick bite to eat in the restaurant. That was the only meal I had there - it was adequate....not great, not bad. The restaurant itself is a little on the dismal side....no windows and rather dark. My room was nice enough - it was certainly clean. It seemed to take a long time for the water to get hot. The bed was comfortable and there was a good selection of stations on the flatscreen TV. I didn't see what a standard room looked like, but the suite had a small sitting area adjacent to the bed. It was like a standard room in a US chain such as a Comfort Inn - not a separate sitting room. The staff was courteous enough with the exception of a bellman who attempted to become a little too familiar with me (a solo woman) and then made some insulting remarks. The neighborhood is very congested and noisy, but the metro is at a convenient distance - maybe 10 minutes walking.	
Dec 12 2007 	Overcharging Delhi Hotel	We have just returned from a 10 day stay in India. Unfortunately had to stay at the Sri nanak Continental in Delhi.Firstly the free Airport pick up came, late, with 1 car for 7 pasengers plus luggage. Had to wait almost an hour while they sorted out a Taxi.I had booked the most expensive 3 rooms they had. A large room was shown to us , which was not clean or tidy. they then showed us other rooms and we chose a much smaller room, which was just about bearable, Didnt realise that the bed was so hard as if there was no mattress, The pillows stank, the bedsheet was dirty, so had to have the sheets and pillow covers changed and the room cleaned. The dirty dusty windows of the room did not shut properly so spent 2 sleepless noisy nights.Do not ask them to get a Taxi as theirs is about 5 times as expensive, there is a taxi rank around the corner, about 3 minutes walk with cheap taxis.I saw 2 people check out, first one complaining about overcharging, second one about extra charges for Mini Bar. When I checked out they charged me for the large room although I stayed at the cheapest room, after complaing the manager cancelled a £4 food bill but not the £20 extra for the room. Then charged me for 3 nights, as a mistake, but refunded the 3rd night.The staff were helpful at all times, The restaurant is actually a cafe and the food was good. There is also free internet at all times and location is good for shopping.I would not stay again or recommend this hotel	
Dec 10 2007 	Clean Enough Erratic Service Noisy Neighborhood	We searched a great deal online to find this hotel in Delhi. Dismayed by the high prices and very negative reviews of many low-middle range hotels, we were attracted by this hotel's excellent web site, fairly reasonable prices, and offers of amenities. We also liked that they offered a courtesy pick-up from the airport, especially given the location of the airport. Unfortunately, although we had sent emails and called the hotel to book a reservation (pre-paying online, as they require) clearly requesting airport pick-up and listing flight number and exact times, no one was waiting to pick us up when we arrived at the Delhi airport. We called only to find out that they had forgotten to send someone (even though we were reportedly on the pick-up schedule). They didn't admit this at first, though- saying that the driver was &quot;on the way&quot; and &quot;stuck in traffic,&quot; and would be there in twenty minutes or so. They suggested we wait by the cafe stall outside the airport, and we were only to happy to do so. We had a coffee and tasty snack... Twenty minutes passed... thirty minutes passed... My husband kept calling to see what had happened to the driver, only to be told repeatedly how close they were. We didn’t want to make a nuisance of ourselves but were concerned that we might be in the wrong place or the driver might have overlooked us somehow, especially when we were initially told it would be much less time. We waited an hour and had just about given up when finally our &quot;person&quot; arrived with a name placard. He apologized profusely and was very polite, cheerful, and communicative, which we appreciated. After a long drive (due to the heavy Delhi traffic), we finally arrived at the rather sketchy area where the Hotel Sri Nanak is located- and were greeted with apologies. In this situation I think a concrete gesture such as a complimentary fruit plate or room upgrade (if they wanted to be extravagant) to make amends would have been a nice gesture, but no conciliatory gestures were made. Hotel elevator is claustrophobic with screen gate- I preferred the stairs. Nice attention paid to decorating the hallway with a pleasant statue (possibly Ganesh) and flowers. Our room (306- I think) was adequately clean, and although the furnishings and décor was a bit dated, it was fairly represented on the web site. The “headstand” of the bed looks more dreary in person than it does in photos. There was a nice flat screen tv with the usual lineup of Indian channels, news, and two movie channels. We were on the third floor overlooking a dismal alley and there was a fair amount of noise that came in the air vents. Traffic noise was heavy, and the alley also was busy with the activity of people centered on a street bonfire as well as packs of wild dogs that woke us up howling in the middle of the night. Ear plugs are a must. Not the hotel’s fault, but something to keep in mind if you are a light sleeper. The bathroom is quite cramped, and the water takes a while to heat up, but it does heat up eventually. Another thing I found strange was although there was toilet paper, the toilet paper bin was kept in the main bedroom- making it almost impossible to do anything but flush your paper. The soap provided by the hotel was quite harsh. The bedding was clean, and the floor was clean enough for bare feet, which was nice. By the time we got to our room we only had 30 minutes before the room service menu closed, so we made a quick order of veg. indian dishes. The food was ok, if not spectacular. We never had the opportunity to try the breakfast as our flights left too early in the morning. (Unfortunate, because a small snack and coffee would have really helped us get through our travels). The next morning as we were checking out, we told the management we’d had specific items from the room bar (water, chips). They tried to charge us for a coffee we hadn’t had (the bar was stocked with 1, not 2 coffees when we checked in, but we didn’t know it was normally stocked with 2 coffee until our visit a night later), and finally backed down when we insisted we had not had it- an inconsequential matter, but made us feel rather unpleasant. We stayed at the same hotel after our trip to Agra and this time were put in a more dreary room without a mini bar- we didn’t especially care about the mini bar issue, but the room smelled like garbage (rm. 204) so we requested to be transferred to our previous room and were accommodated. As we got settled in, we were interrupted by the staff several times- returning passports, presenting us with a wet bar inventory which we confirmed and initialed (a good idea but felt somewhat insulting- as if they still thought we’d stolen a can of coffee!), among other things. We visited the upstairs “restaurant” and found it to be a dark, windowless room, decently decorated, with what seemed to be a computer with internet access (being used by two other guests). We might have stayed and eaten there, but the restaurant host was so cool to us that we didn’t feel comfortable and went back to our room to order the same food via. room service. We had also been unclear that while airport pickup service is complimentary (in theory, if you don’t mind waiting for them), airport return service is not, and in fact costs an additional 500 rs. to the domestic terminal and a whopping 750 rs. to the international airport. Our early morning driver to the airport did not speak to us- not a huge deal but again, not something that left us with warm feelings about our overall experience. Also note, you will be expected to pay the tax for your bill and cab fare to the hotel lobby in cash, which meant we ended up at the Delhi airport with 35 rs. to our name. (The one ATM at domestic was out of order, and no food stations in the airport accept credit cards so we went without breakfast). I think that the hotel situation in Delhi is generally quite dismal unless you can afford to pay for a very high end hotel (there seems to be a huge jump between low, middle, to very very high end with prices to match) and this room wasn’t bad- but maybe because we were checking in fairly late at night and checking out early in the morning- our experience with staff and the hotel left us feeling rather down. A few staff members were unusually cheerful- notably the guy who accompanied the driver to pick us up, and someone in charge of finances who solved a charging problem before we even asked him to- but otherwise, our experience was tiring and we did not feel terribly welcomed. A decent deal if you are looking for a true mid-range hotel and don’t care about being picked up from the airport in time. It is also possible that our experience was unusual, so you might check other reviews to see if they were met at the airport in a timely fashion. I am sure you could do far worse in Delhi. Our issues were not with the building or facilities as much as issues with logistics/atmosphere and that is easily overlooked, especially if you’re not overtired from travel. You might consider if you are spending one day in Agra, to stay somewhere relatively inexpensive in Delhi a night, then go to a quite nice hotel in Agra, and then stay one more night in Delhi at your bargain hotel- the nicer hotel we stayed in at Agra (Hilton) was money very well spent. Note: the only guests I saw happened to be other foreign guests, which may influence the atmosphere/mood of the place.	
Nov 30 2007 	basic accomodation good service	The hotel is decent, if you've been to Delhi you know how hard can it be to find a decent midrange hotel. The location is very chaotic and there is a is a large Sikh temple that starts chanting at about 5 am and this can wake you up (but I found it quite entertaining) so I recommend staying in Connaught Place area if you can afford it.The rooms are clean but old although some are updated, the breakfast is average compared with other hotels in India. On the positive side, this hotel offers like any other, the service of a driver, we decided to hire a driver to take us to Jaipur to avoid the crowed trains and it was the best idea. They gave us an excellent driver, very friendly and experienced in a great SUV. After we arrived to Jaipur we negotiated with the hotel and decided to keep him for the rest of our stay in India. It was fantastic, for that part along, I recommend this hotel.	
Nov 26 2007	Basic accomodation in frenetic Karol Bagh area	With all of the poorly reviewed properties in Delhi (even the very expensive ones!), we chose Hotel Sri Nanak based on the photos on their website and the fact that they offer suites (with 4 beds) suitable for our 6 person family. In terms of the room itself (we stayed in their $120/night Presidential Suite) was spacious and of a basic 3-star level. Despite the name, it was certainly nothing fancy, furnishings were not particularly new nor did the room seem that clean. The staff was friendly and eager to help out. I'd call this hotel simply &quot;basic accomodations&quot; and not a great value all-together (even for the $65 standard rooms).The big negative for most people will be the location. Karol Bagh is India in all of its noisy, smelly, crowded, and frenetic glory. If you want to stay in the midst of a busy market area, then perhaps this is a positive, but it was nerve-wracking for us to take our kids anywhere on the street (to catch a cab etc). Also, note that there is a large Sikh temple 1 block away that starts chanting at about 5 am and this can wake you up. For most travelers (especially for your first time to India), pay the extra $ to stay in Connaught Place.	
Nov 24 2007 	Clean and Comfortable with Nice staff and Organized great trips	BOTTOM LINE: A nice clean and comfortable hotel that had nice staff and a great reservations department who arranged a good and affordable trip for usPROS: Nice amenities; conscientious staff (eg. allowed us to use a room free of charge to change in before we left for airport); reservations department arranged excellent and affordable private vehicle for Golden Triangle trip; free WiFi and internet access w/ computerCONS: A little out of the way (in Karol Bagh) - worth keeping the hotel's card for directions for autorickshaw drivers; average restaurantEXCEPTIONAL ITEMS: We booked a trip through the hotel which was affordable and enjoyable. They booked 2 nights in Agra and Jaipur and provided a driver who was very courteous and provided local guides (as needed) in each stop.	
Nov 1 2007 	Excellent IF you know how bad can other places be	After reading all the bad reviews here, I've decided NOT to stay in this hotel. Interestingly enough, while it was a mistake, it was worth while. Instead, I've stayed at a terrible place called Hotel Classic in Channa Market for 2 nights, before getting a room at Sri Nanak. (For those interested in the Classic story, look it up - my review is there).Had I come to Sri Nanak in the first place, I would probably have had some bad things to say about it, same as the other reviewers. However, sometimes things can be seen only in comparison. You have to experience India, before rushing to conclusions. It's DIFFERENT (India that is).The front desk staff were great. The hotel owner himself, Mr. Nanak was there - an extremely likeable and chatty fellow.The rooms are well decorated, with a flat screen plasma on the wall. You get slippers to wear while in the room. Guess what, that's a nice touch. I've spent 2 days hopping around a different hotel on towels, because I did not want to step on the disgusting floor over there. Here, the floors are clean. The slippers are a nice added touch. The bed is comfortable, albeit too short (I'm 6'2&quot; / 186cm). I've mentioned this to Mr. Nanak the following day - he said that he already had similar complaints, and was thinking about replacing the beds.Yes, there are some bugs in the bathroom. They come through the ventilation grating, where the exhaust fan is. I've mentioned this to Mr. Nanak as well, saying he should put a steel mesh grating over it, on the outside. He liked the idea. My colleague, who I've stayed in the hotel with, thinks that if we were to return there within a year, we'd see the grating in place.The upstairs restaurant is excellent, with it's own chef. A fairly large selection of Indian cuisine. Now, I don't really like Indian food, however I've enjoyed a few interesting dishes. The breakfast is sub par, but it's so cheap, I see no reason to complain.On the second night, we had dinner with Mr. Nanak, who was very entertaining, and offered some refreshing views on business and the future of India, as well as his efforts to improve the hotel.Anyhow, I'm sure a few of you will think this review is shill - I don't really care. Read my other review (about Hotel Classic) and maybe you will understand.As we were checking out, 2 British fellows just arrived. They've asked me how is the hotel. I said - is this your first time in India? They said yes. I said, in this case, I don't think you're going to like it. Everything can be known only through comparison.	
Oct 29 2007	Liked it so much we went back	This is a friendly, clean, modern well run place. Off the beaten track in a relatively quiet corner (this is India!) of Karol Bagh, it's within walking distance of the metro and the Ajmil Kahn Road bazzar. The rooms aren't huge but they are clean and well equiped (A/C, fan, TV, fridge, hot water etc). Free Wi-fi thoughout the hotel would have been useful if we had a laptop! But there is free internet in the restaurant. The food was fine, if a little over priced compared to other places we stayed in India. You can certainly stay in cheaper places (R/- 2126 incl. taxes), but the overall experience had us revisit the two subsequent times we were passing through Delhi. The pick-up from the airport or railway station is recommended, as even if you make it to Karol Bagh, few rickshaw drivers will know where it is. Just remember to take the phone number for the hotel in case the driver is running late (we'd left it behind when we first arrived in Delhi and ended up having to stay somewhere else as there was no internet at the international airport!). That said they were great the two other times we were picked up.	
Oct 24 2007	Excellent service impeccable rooms great prices	I am a Yoga teacher leading tours of India and frequently bring people who are coming to India for their first time to this hotel. We are always so happy to stay at Sri Nanak because the staff are so responsible, always pick-up from the airport and train stations on time, and are very helpful and respectful. The restaurant is healthy and has great food! There is an excellent balcony on the roof with plants to enjoy views of the eagles circling around Delhi. The rooms are excellent, modern appliances and beautiful decor. This hotel has gone out of its' way to provide all comforts and thoughfulness towards its' guests.	
Aug 13 2007 	Lovely Stay	After reading the positive reviews about it we finally decided to go for this hotel . Sri Nanak turned out to be a amazing hotel .Its a very nicely designed hotel We got more than we expected . The staff was polite , helpful . Its is a highly maintained hotel which is worth the price you pay for .The best part was the free Wi-Fi service they provide . The modern TFT T.V. were also good .Besides that the food served at the roof top restaurant was very delicious and of high quality . I would recommend travelers not to go in for cheap options available around as you wont feel safe in other hotels . I felt totally safe staying in hotel nanak . We also went to agra by the hotel cab and our journey was perfect . They organized a perfect travel package for us . Altogether i had a perfect stay in delhi.  My next holiday i will surely stay with hotel nanak only.	
Jul 31 2007 	Put us in a room without a window!	We booked the most expensive room at the Sri Nanak and it had no windows and creaky air conditioning. We got another room which was reasonably clean but had a slightly derelict toilet. On checkout they tried to charge for the expensive room.	
May 9 2007	amazing stay	it is no less than any of the U.K. hotels,and that to at very comparitive prices.have wireless facilties for free.in U.K. u have to pay for them.food is awesome.with nice transport facilties and free breakfast.	
Apr 14 2007 	HIghly rate Hotel Sri Nanak	This was my first visit to India and I was coming there to first attend a professional conference for my University and then, after that to do some sightseeing. So, for the first part of my visit, I was staying in a 5 star hotel in Delhi, but I wanted to move to less expensive, safe, clean hotel for the sightseeing portion of my visit. My goal in doing this was to see and experience more of the &quot;real India&quot;.I used this web site to locate the Sri Nanak hotel. Everyone spoke glowingly about how the staff was so friendly -- and although many compained about the neighborhood, a few others said in essence &quot;what are you complaining about... it's just India.&quot; Well, that as my guidance, I booked a room. I am delighted to report that, for me, it was the perfect decision. I have traveled quite a bit internationally and my main goal was to find a place that was safe and clean -- yet would give me access to roam around the less touristed parts of Delhi and get a taste of everyday life. That's exactly what I found. Yes, the streets are noisy ... for me, that's part of the charm and interest. The people were incredibly friendly in the neighborhood. I needed to have my glasses fixed from an accident a couple of days earlier. The desk staff in the hotel gave me directions and sure enough, the opticians at Pujabi Optical not only fixed my glasses, but had me stay for tea -- and then wouldn't even accept any payment for their services. I was able to visit some intersting shops and a small streetside Hindu shrine -- and, in each location, I experienced great hospitality. The hotel itself is clean, and the rooms certainly provide all the amenities I needed. Yes, the beds are on the hard side, but I like them that way, so for me that was not a problem. The free wireless in the rooms was much appreciated, and the tv, phone, and plumbing all worked fine. One more thing about the complimentary airport service. I had arranged to stay at the Sri Nanak for one day, then travel via airline to another part of India for a few days and then return to Delhi for another day before returning to the US. So, I had arranged for the Sri Nanak to have someone pick me up at the airport. Through a mistake in their scheduling procedure, the cab driver was told that I would arrive at 5:00 pm (when that was actually the time that I was leaving another city in India). When I arrived at 9 pm that night, the driver was still at the airport waiting for me. I was blown away by that level of conscientiousness. Needless to say, I was happy to give the driver a large tip.My goals and desires may not match those of other travelers, but for me the hotel Sri Nanak was the perfect location. If I am ever back in Delhi (which I hope to be), I definitely plan to make the Sri Nanak my home base.	
Apr 11 2007	Dirty loud hotel - completely overrated	This hotel left everything to be desired. The noise inside and out made it impossible to sleep - as did the hair from the previous guest left on the sheets. The staff was unfriendly and not helpful. I would strongly advise against staying in this hotel.	
Apr 6 2007 	moved after 1 night	very isolated - long walk to train station. taxi/rickshaws tell you they know where it is but don't. filthy street even by delhis standards. grim breakfast. redeeming feature - flashy showers - if they worked properly!	
Apr 1 2007 	Overpromised and greatly underdelivered	Overpromised and greatly underdelivered My husband and I have stayed at many hotels worldwide and this is most definitely the WORST hotel that we have come across, despite the fact that we only stayed for 3 nights. We had read several positive reviews before booking our stay at Sri Nanak but on arrival we were thoroughly disappointed. My husband and I arrived at 10pm from Bangalore. On arrival we were greeted by a young man at reception with &quot;Oh...so you are Mr Quayum?&quot;. I may have an Indian surname with an English accent but this hardly conveys confidence for a hotel meant for international tourists. Our stay as listed: 1. The bed covers were dirty, complimentary with long black hairs and small dead flies in the folds. We had to request for 'clean' sheets. 2. The air conditioning (a large machine) was noisy and positioned directly by the bed at arm's length. 3. The hotel's website states 'running hot and cold water' - hot water was only available on running the hot tap for over 20 minutes, when we informed reception that there was no hot water, we were told to keep running it until it became hot! 4. The bathroom fan exploded (yes...sparks and smoke and then black out!) I called reception, somebody came up and told me that they would have an electrician see to it the next day - this did not happen...surprisingly. 5. At 4am we were woken up by someone banging on our door (the doors were flimsy and the staff kept trying to open the door from the outside at other times)! There were no door signs to state 'Do not disturb' or 'Please clean my room'. 6. These rooms are not sound proofed - we could hear guests chatting loudly and their children running up and down the corridor outside our room at 6am. 7. The wardrobe door was broken, dirty and had a strong odour so we decided against keeping anything in there. 8. There was a safe in the wardrobe however it was not bolted down or attached to anything - so anyone could walk off with it! All in all a miserable stay that we had to make do with as there was no time to search for other hotels during our 3 night stay in Delhi. Think very carefully before staying here...you have been warned!	
Mar 31 2007 	barely expensive	It is not a bad hotel if you compare it to other Karol Bagh hotels, but unfortunatelly it costs 10 times what another similar kind of hotel will cost you in new Delhi.	
Mar 26 2007 	Great Hotel	Was very apprehensive about booking a hotel in Karol Bagh as I was travelling with a girly party (my 23 month daughter, mum, mother in law and sister.) However this hotel was fab - we booked the presidential suite which was ideal for a family as we had two separate rooms within one room and allowed privacy and peace for my daughter to sleep.The hotel location is fantastic with the Gurudwara, McDonalds and Pizza Hut, ATM and the great shops all in walking distance.The hotel restaurant is OK, food is nice and room service is handy too but you can order takeaway to your room which is an added bonus.The water is a bit temperamental but you only have to leave it running for 5mins and it’s hot - not a problem.The hotel is very clean and well kept.Staff are good and manager very nice.If staying in Karol Bagh - go here	
Mar 21 2007 	Sri Nanak -great if you can get a cab to find it !!	Having read various reviews of Sri Nanak, we-a party of 4-booked directly for 5 nights, and requested the presidential suite.We were generally pleased with the room-more likely to impress a president from a small nation than &quot; ol' W&quot; of the US Survey- but there were various things that could have been cleaner-the bath took for ever to run away, but as a mid range hotel it served its purpose well. The room was large and has a fridge and table and chairs as well as a sofa and a chaise long......A real bonus is the roof top restaurant-serving breakfast lunch and evening meals. It's good value and the food is generally very tasty. Nice to sit in at night and sup a beer or two-providing they don't run out !One other point to bear in mind is that Sri Nanak is a way out from the centre of Delhi-Karol Bagh is a area of town that not a lot of cab drivers from Connaught Place seem to know very well- one night whilst coming back the driver got lost and was asking a local for the hotel -showing him a card with the address on: The man disclaimed any knowledge of the hotel or road: At that point we realised that we were actually no more than a hundred yards from it and actually in the right street !!All in all a good bet if your not too fussy.	
Mar 17 2007	Expensive for what you get	I booked this hotel based on online reviews. I knew that it was basic and several reviews indicated good service. On arrival it was clear that the rooms were very basic but clean. Staff were pleasant. Internet use was good and free. Rooftop restaurant was extremely average. The location was on a very nosiy busy street in a very run down area of Delhi. Most guests are locals. My airport pickup was OK and free but airport drop off has to be paid for. The cost for a basic room was US$40 and a suite (a glorified basic room) was US$81. The term &quot;suite&quot; should be interpreted with caution. All in all basic accomodation with no frills should really be cheaper.	
Mar 11 2007 	Nice by India standard	Nice enough place. Nothing great on the outside, but rooms were more western then most. I would reccomend it over many other hotels.	
Mar 1 2007 	Think twice before staying here	We decided to stay at the Sri Nanak last month after reading all the positive reviews, however we were quite disappointed.The rooms themselves were ok, reasonably clean, however the bathroom was well below standard and the door was rotten. No hot water in the afternoons either.The front desk appeared helpful, but on a number of occasions tried to over charge us for taxis, cars etc. They also misled us regarding the excursions to places like Agra.I can see how some visitors have found the staff to be overly helpful, but a more seasoned traveller will be more savvy and realise when they're trying to take you for a ride!The most negative thing was that when we left the hotel and arrived in Mumbai we realised that some clothing had been stolen from our suitcase. So if you stay at the Sri Nanak make sure you always leave your suitcases locked even if there's nothing valuable inside!We travelled around India for some time and the Sri Nanak is far below the 3* stars it claims in comparison to the other hotels we stayed at.Finally, if you do choose to stay here (which I wouldn't do again), then book directly with the hotel as the rate is MUCH lower than offered by third-party booking websites.	
Feb 23 2007 	Give it a miss	We planned to stay at this hotel for three nights, however checked out after the first night. The hotel was very noisy, the bed sheets reeked of some petroleum products, the phone did not work, the shower did not have a curtain and the flow projected straight over the toilet and the roof top breakfast area had filthy tablecloths. When we said we were not staying, they advised us that we had to pay for 3 nights as we had not given 24 hours notice of cancellation of our other 2 nights. We replied that this was not possible as we did not know that the hotel would be so bad. We were extremely lucky in that as we were discussing this a colleague of my husbands happended to walk into reception, a total coincidence as we did not even know they were in Delhi, and they had just checked out for the same reasons, which gave credibility to our complaints. We left paying for the night we stayed. I do not recommend this hotel.	
Feb 21 2007 	Avoid This Hotel . Its over-rated	Having read the good reviews on tripadvisor and some other websites i decided to book this hotel. I was dissapointed when i got there. First of all they gave us a room that was not in good condition at all and faced the main road which was noisy. When i complained they then gave us an alternative. If i had not complained they would have left us there . The rooms are not in good condition, the duvets and blankets are not clean. The hotel had promised us a welcoming fruit basket which we did not receive. The location of the hotel is not good. The roads are dirty , busy , noisy and polluted. Having travelled around in delhi, there are other nicer and claner places to stay. On one day our room was not cleaned, we were told that as we had taken the key they did not clean it even though all hotels have master keys. The dining area is located on the rooftop which was nice in the mornings. When we booked taxis from the hotel, we later discovered that the hotel was charging a commision for the service. Also , the hotel gave us a poor exchange rate commision when we exchanged currencies. Ignore the good reviews you see for this hotel, as non of them are true. I am suspicious as to the source of these. Avoid at any cost. You are better paying a bit more and getting something alot better. I will not be staying here again and nor will i recommend this to anyone.	
Feb 16 2007	Not for everyone	The hotel did send a driver to pick us up from Delhi airport which was a god send and all the staff were very polite and helpful. I am surprised that no-one seems to have mentioned how hard the beds were though. I asked for extra blankets to put under me as it was like sleeping on a rock! I think it might be a suitable hotel for backpackers or seasoned travellers but not for first time visitors to India as Delhi is a bit of a shock in itself. The hotel is not in a great area and we were woken up the first morning at 5am by a parade going by that we actually thought was a riot! and the second morning at 4.30 by someone with REALLY LOUD speakers in the middle of the road. Very bizarre. The hotel is also quite noisy - but so is India! Overall we had a great holiday but even though the staff and restaurant were very good I would recommend spending a bit more and staying in a good hotel in Delhi in a central area. Of all the areas we toured, Delhi is the probably the biggest shock, and a good hotel is a must.	
Feb 12 2007	A good hotel when travelling with children ..esp the presidential suite	We stayed at this hotel after reading the reviews on tripadvisor and overall I would say it was good place to stay.We were picked up from the airport which we were grateful for. We were travelling with children and stayed in the Maharaja suite which was quite good. We had a problem with the TV , they fixed it promptly. The staff were polite and happy and the manager Sandeep was friendly and takes a lot pf pride in his hotel.The taxi to the station in the early morning was a nightmare and so was the pick up the following week-end. I don't rate their taxi service. There was a mix up with our rooms the following week-end , we had pre booked and confirmed for the following week-end but we were offered an &quot;alternative &quot; maharaja suite which did not have the bunk beds for the kids. After a bit of protest and disatisfaction we were offered the presidential suite (at the same price) - which is very good. It can sleep up to 6. I would say not all the staff are conscientious as the manager.We had breakfast in our room and also ate once upstairs in the roof top hotel. The food is reasonable and I would eat again.The back of the hotel is not noisy.Karol Bagh is not one of the best area but there is a metro station nearby and a gurud wara , from where we heard lovely melodic hyms once.The rooms are what you see on their web sites. I would suggest you look at the room first before accepting it.	
Feb 11 2007	fantastic management	average 3 start hotel situated in a busy commerical area. not your above average hotel (this will cost you an arm and leg in Delhi) but staff and management go out of their way to make your stay stress free and relaxing as possible!my daughter got sick one nite and i foned reception at 2 am...they got a taxi for me and manager himself came with us to hospital...a fantastic gesture i thought!!!!internet, massage chair, newspapers, airport pick up and drop off, one whole day sighseeeing tour, half day shopping tour and fruit bowel were all given free of charge together with 5 key ring holders!For the price definitely woth the value!	
Jan 28 2007 	Think carefully before going here	This hotel was not what I expected from the reviews. Our family of four had two rooms booked for the nights of 8, 9, 10 January. We were met at the airport and transported by two cars (we had been promised one large car). Karol Bagh is not the best area to stay in but the hotel staff were courteous. However, the rooms did not live up to expectation. Our girls room had the most terrible smell in the room and on all the bed linen, and they had to lay some of their clothes on the pillow so as not to breathe in the fumes. We did ask for a change, but the alternative was no better. Our room had no fridge, the jug didn't work and the shower water just fell all over the floor of the bathroom. No beds had been swept under for some time! Decided there and then to telephone somewhere else, except the phone didn't work, not then nor in the morning. Neither did it in the girls' room nor the room of some friends we ran into unexpectedly in reception the following morning who were also checking out because of the smell in their room. They had also read the trip advisor reviews and were pretty disillusioned.. My husband also didn't sleep because of the noise. We moved to the Jukaso Inn downtown near Connaught Place which was around the same price and much more satisfactory.	
Jan 21 2007 	Very good hotel	We thought this was a lovely small well run hotel in the Karol Bagh area of Delhi. The staff were fantastic and incredibly helpful. We chose the presidential suite which is ideal for a family as it can easily sleep up to 5 - 6 people with 2 bathrooms. The hotel had some nice touches including free internet access, a daily paper pushed under the door and a fresh bowl of fruit served every day. The restaurant offered a good range of dishes, it got a bit chilly in the evening in January (it's on the roof) so we opted to have meals served in our room. The Karol Bagh area is busy in the day with plenty of shops but it does get quiet enough in the evening and we had no problems sleeping. We tended to use the taxi service from the hotel which was great and reasonably priced - the drivers really took care of us and cut out the hassle. It took about 15 minutes to get to Connaught Circus. All in all a great stay.	
Jan 18 2007	ok	I stayed in this hotel in January. It was clean, inexpensive and the staff were generally helpful. The wireless internet was very useful and there were no problems with the hot water once we got used to the taps. However, this hotel is definitely not a luxury option and the location in Karol Bagh is not great. I agree with the comment that this hotel is a bit like a cheap 1970s US motel, or one of the two-star hotels you find in the Pigalle area of Paris. If I stayed in Delhi again, I would probably stay in a five star hotel, as there is a dearth of high quality mid-range options in that city.	
Jan 17 2007 	Average	The hotel was average, nothing special at all. The area is not the best at night. Our particular room had no windows and the mattress was very thin! The staff at the front desk did really care about anything and were always on the phone. I would try and find something closer. Dont trust the photo's.	
Jan 1 2007 	All over nice	The executive room was clean and quite modern, with a nice bathroom with shower. All in all a nice tourist class hotel giving you great value for your money.The hotel is placed quite sentral in New Dehli, a short ride from the railwaystation. Try to avoid eating in the resturant, as it was nothing special. It looked old, dirty and beeing at the top floor of the hotel you would expect a view,well there is not.The sourrundings of the hotel is not much at night, with the only lights coming from ATMs and jevellers shops. If you need a place just for the night i would recomend Sri Nanak continental. The staff was friendly and serviceminded during the two days stay 20-22 of desember.	
Dec 21 2006	Clean book direct	Clean in general. The hot water seemed to be by request and then you needed to wait 30 minutes. This seemed to be the case in some places across India in mid-range hotels, but we thought they could do a bit more. The breakfast is very basic and not very tasty. We didn't like the area either as you aren't near to anything really. We had to request cleaner towels and toilet paper. It seems hard to find a decent hotel in Delhi. This wasn't bad, but book directly as we booked through expedia and paid over the odds. Staff were friendly enough.	
Dec 18 2006 	Surprisingly good	Obviously, the Sri Nanak is not the Hyatt or the Sheraton. However, once you get over your initial doubts, for instance, about the area the hotel is located in, then it's not a bad hotel at all. In fact, as it turns out, Karol Bagh, the area where the hotel is located offers some of the busiest and most authentic street markets of Delhi. It is a GREAT place for doing shopping, dining, etc. once you get used to the huge amounts of people on the street, the cars, the noise, etc. The hotel itself is simple, but clean, and the staff is quite friendly. They also have on the roof of the hotel a restaurant, which offers a rather unattractive breakfast for westeners, but quite delicious Indian cuisine. Also, Karol Bagh is a very lively area, so there is a fair amount of noise during the day, but at night it quietens down. Then the only thing noticable is the barking of the street dogs...I would definitely go there again, although I can see that the Sri Nanak is not for everyone. A big plus should also be mentioned: they offer free WiFi in all rooms! Very, very handy when you are in India.	
Dec 18 2006 	not bad	for a first time visitor to delhi we found the surrounding location pretty scary.it looked even more run down and destitute than i imagined, its right on the edge of the biggest market in asia and the hussle and bustle was a bit intimidating on the first day.after a day or so we got into it and thought it was pretty cool.if your looking for budget prices then stay away i think we paid over the odds compared with other places we stayed.the hotel itself was clean and tidy, the staff helpful and the food was ok. would i stay again - yes i think i would.	
Dec 8 2006 	Clean safe and excellent value for money	Being a lone female arriving in Delhi at 4am I was very pleased to take advantage of the free hotel transfer. I think I might have been a little stressed otherwise given the things you see at the airport.The staff were excellant and went out of their way to help. The hotel was very clean. The bathroom was fine and certainly better than a lot of places in Delhi at this price, that's for sure. There was a complimentary bottle of water and basket of fruit in my room. The beds were reasonably comfortable but not sprung. I found it a little noisy at times. For instance there was a family on my floor who insisted on having a conversation at 2am in the corridor, and they weren't exactly using hushed tones. One thing I would suggest is that they introduce &quot;Do not disturb&quot; signs that can be posted outside the door so the staff don't keep disturbing you when all you want to do is sleep off your travelling and jet lag.I didn't actually venture out of the hotel as the area doesn't look that enticing but I didn't think is was unsafe either.	
Dec 8 2006 	Not for the faint of heart. Adventurers ony.	If you are looking at this hotel and are used to the good stuff (Sofitels, Hiltons, etc.) you SHOULD STOP NOW. The whole Delhi experience is a jarring one for westerners, and frankly, while going to a hotel like this is safe, it will make the experience that much more trying. If you are looking at it because no other rooms are available in the entire city (which is what happened to me) go ahead and cancel your trip to Delhi, or head on over to Mumbai, which is a city that actually has a good airport, roads, and enough good hotels to hold everyone.I should note though that the staff was VERY friendly.	
Dec 6 2006	Unbeatable value for the budget; friendly 	I am an American, and I've stayed at this hotel twice in the past 30 days, each time for a few nights. Think 1970's Best Western or Days Inn goes masala, and you'll get a sense of decor and premesis condition. I came back to the hotel because the staff really is friendly and gives 5 star worth of helpful service. I did not eat there, so I can't comment on that. Yes the neighborhood is noisy from 7:30 am 'til 9:30pm. But I slept like a rock. Yes the mattress was thin, but that's the style here. Like I said, I slept like a rock. I read the review by someone who was not expecting an Indian-style bathroom (he's in India - what did he expect?). There's a toilet, toilet paper, shower head, but no tub. It was no problem for me; just don't put your toiletries-bag on the floor while you shower. The place is cleanish: some of the hardware is old, but nothing is dusty or moldy, just worn. That goes for the sheets and towels too, but I had no problem with using them. If you have your laundry done, be sure to specifically identify what you don't want ironed! The default is to iron it, what ever the material. A couple of polyester shirts came out shiny from too hot an iron. The second time, I'd learned my lesson, pointed out what not to iron, and there were no problems. When I come back to Delhi, I will defintely stay here because the folks are friendly and the value is unbeatable! One piece of advice, consider either retaining whatever driver you pick up from in front of the hotel or learn how to walk to the hotel from the gurdwara, because taxi drivers can't find this place. I suspect many taxi-walas can't read, so the map on the back of the hotel's business card is useless to drivers, who will drive two blocks, stop, ask for directions, advance two more blocks, repeat. The gurdwara, however, is easy to find.	
Nov 27 2006 	I would stay there again!	We chose this hotel based on the positive reviews, which I pretty much agree with. The place is very clean, not luxury level, but for the price, it's a bargain. The restaurant and staff are outstanding, and the free internet is a bonus. The only down side is that the neighborhood is nothing special. It's not bad, or unsafe, just nothing to interest a tourist. Don't expect a four star resort, just expect a nice clean room and a hard working staff who aims to please. We didn't use the hotel's travel arrangements, but others who did seemed pleased. The hotel did provide free pickup at the airport, which was also a good feature.	
Nov 26 2006 	Good hotel good value...	I got the &quot;presidential suite&quot; for about $100USD during late Nov 2006. Very large room, with 1.5 baths. Other rooms are probably half this cost. Great for our family of four, and it could easily sleep six with its one king, one full and two twin bunkbeds. It was clean, and service was very good. Ordered room service and food was good as well. Free internet. I would easily recommend staying here. Located near Connaught Place. About 40 mins to the airport in Delhi traffic, but it took us exactly 20 minutes at 4:30AM since there was no traffic that early.	
Nov 23 2006 	Good overall hotel	The hotel is located in Karol Bagh which is a very busy and tight area in the centre of Delhi. Although quite noisy, it does quieten down during the night. Karol Bagh is good for shopping and it is easy to grab an Auto (3 wheeled taxi) to Connaught Place.As promised, I was provided with complimentary pickup from the airport which is 30-45 mins away from the hotel. The hotel looks quite small from the outside and reception is also small. The rooms however are fairly spacious and tastefully decorated, spread over 3 floors. The most important thing is that the rooms are all clean and air conditioned. Free internet access is also provided in the hotel's basement.The hotel staff, including its drivers, are all very polite and friendly. Sightseeing tours are available in comfortable air conditioned vehicles.I was delighted with the quality of the food at the hotel's rooftop restaurant. The menu contained an assortment of dishes at very resonable prices, all cooked traditionally. I highly recommend the &quot;Afghani Chicken&quot;!Overall I was happy with my 5 nights stay at the hotel. If you're looking for a good 3 star hotel at a reasonable rate, located in the centre of Delhi, then this hotel is definitely worth considering.	
Nov 15 2006 	can only confirm all comments	I can only confirm all comments. Good choice for people used to stay in similar hotels. Honest experience.Luc, Paris	
Nov 14 2006 	excellent value for money	Tidy and inexpensive hotel with good service, a/c, friendly staff and a rooftop restaurant with good dahl. The neighbourhood can be crazy during market days but metro is near.	
Nov 11 2006 	Best service		
Nov 10 2006 	Great place to stay excellent fresh food!!		
Oct 26 2006	Average/OK hotel for India		
Oct 23 2006 	Good bet for Delhi		
Oct 11 2006	Room OK but noisy and location not great		
Sep 6 2006 	OK but....		
Aug 23 2006 	An excellent choice!		
Aug 5 2006 	good hotel..not a great area		
Jul 9 2006	Great Hotel!! Friendly service		
Sep 28 2009 	sucio sin ventana!!		
Sep 7 2008 	Völlig in Ordnung		
Jun 28 2007 	Hotel correct mais plutot déprimant		
	Nice and good hotel	I often go to Delhi like every month for my business and will stayed in many differant hotels in Delhi, but this time I booked hotel sunrise. Hotel people provide me best service and made me permanent customer and definatly I will stay this hotel. Because they fullfil all my requirements and very conveniat place for my office work. Thank you very much.	
	Money Worth for All Travellers	Thanks a ton for booking Hotel Sunrise, New Delhi. Well, the hotel is fabulous the rooms are pretty good the staffs are great, as v are very special for them they waited for us for the B/ fast till 11:15 am since they close the B/fast by 10: 30am the food here is fabulous, the staffs are very co-operative specially the front desk manager was Ms Leena was very help full and co-operative too.........the rooms are very neatly cleaned and the best part is they have location also just 100 m from Karol Bagh Metro, the most happening place of the town........ We had taken two rooms and we never felt tht we are at all far from our homes, since it was a small business trip bt next time it will be a family trip at the same destination and same hotel if the thing remain good in future. I wish the Hotel Sunrise all the best and best of luck in Near future also.KEEP IT UP	
	Coments for good service	Very good service at hotel Sunrise. Helpfull and kind staff. Hotel location is very good market is very near and metro station is also near. Very quite place after very long time I sleep nicely because of I in my country work very hard and got vocation for relax so all I got in Hotel Sunrise. I reccomand this hotel.	
Nov 24 2009 	A very good hotel in center of Delhi	Me and my husband book this hotel through a website hotels.com for 5 days, pick-up was free from airport. Hotel people pick-up us with kind of grand welcome with flower garland. We were surprised, because we have read many bad comments about hotel, but we got a very good service they provide us good room and morning we order breakfast it was realy very tasty. I am in Italy now but the taste we cant forget. Till now we have that taste in our mouth. We reccommend this hotel to all the italian who go to India.Thanks and reagrds to Hotel Sunrise and staff specialy for kichen staff.	
Nov 18 2009 	No Ventilation in My Room	It was a horrifying experience sleeping in a room with no ventilationand no natural light, very humid rooms are in this hotel. I could notbreathe properly. I wish that I could have stayed in a hotel with someventilation. I found much better hotel in my onward journey.	
Nov 15 2009	Good location	We stayed at this hotel for a few nights in Nov 09. The room was very small the airconditioner was much too noisy we had to turn it off. The staff were OK as long as you kept tipping them. They only clean room if asked to. Breakfast was terriable. There is no resturant but the do have room service agian the food was awful. .	
Nov 15 2009 	Foul Smell in the Room	Why do they have to use the detergent which give a foul smell in therooms. I change my room 5 times but the rooms were dark and smelly.But had to manage the night because it was 1`o’ clock at night and Ishifted to a nearly hotel which was much better.	
Nov 11 2009 	Never Never This Hotel	A bunch of touts who are only interested to make extra money. We werecharged heavily for going to Taj Mahal by taxi as they because afterour life at night when we came to the hotel. We could have done thesame thing from another travel agent at one third of the price.	
Nov 9 2009 	FIRST CLASS HOTEL	I recentley stayed at the Hotel Sunrise. The hotel and rooms there are faultless. Very comfortable, unbelievably clean and beautifully furnished. The service there is exellant and you will not be dissapointed by the hospitality given by all the staff. The restaurant serve beautiful food and is very good value. This hotel is in a perfect location and is ideal for anyone visiting Delhi. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 6 2009 	DONT GO HERE	I read the reviews, and I understand how somle people may have been fooled by the owners smile. But dont let the friendliness fool you, this hotel is a complete scam unless you already know India and are Indian yourself. The hotel owner lied to us several times when we asked him travel questions, including telling us that the only way to travel was by train or car, and that we would have to wait 8-10 days for a train ticket (a complete lie, when we finally found the REAL international tourist office at the New Delhi rail, we got a ticket for the next day at HALF the price he told us). Every time we asked the staff a simple travel question, such as where the regional trains left from; they refered us to the owner, who would proceed to lie. He offered us a car too; as a ridiculous price, and tried showing us pictures of happy customers. While he searched through, instead sketchy pictures of women posing for him in bedrooms came up which he quickly hid. Eventually he realized we werent game for his information. The moment we solidly said no to his travel car, was the moment the smiles stopped from him. Some of the staff of his is friendly, but this guy is a pure scam artist. DONT GIVE HIM BUSINESS. Please, for the sake of those who lost money; got ripped off; got stuck in broken down cars miles away, DONT GO HERE.O ya, and it does have WIFI, but it doesnt reach your room. Also the area is scam central, as number one business around isnt the market, its scamming travel agencies running the same bit he is. And on one last note, the interior of the hotel is a weak escape from delhi polluted air as the staff constantly cleans the floor with toxic smelling cleaning products that were long ago banned from the west.	
Nov 5 2009 	Very clean friendly family type hotel in the REAL India	I stayed at Sunrise for 17 days last month - over the Diwali period and can recommend it. I am about to return there in December1- It is a newly and completely restored small hotel, new bathrooms, furniture and a nice new mattress etc and kept very clean.2- While some of the staff are not highly trained professionals this adds to the charm - it is like a family run hotel and any minor flaws are fixed up swiftly and cheerfully. 3- The front desk staff are some of the friendliest and nicest people i have met in India. Ms Leena is a gem with the biggest welcoming smile in Delhi.4- I grew to love Karol Bagh. It is a REAL Indian bazarr with great character and not much touristy stuff however It can be a little confronting at first but stick with it because all the shops you could ever need and great markets and stalls, hundreds of them are just a walk away. Yes there are several small quiet parks in Karol Bagh and an amazing wood carving studio and gallery just next door but one to the hotel.5- And the efficient and clean KAROL BAGH Metro Station is just a few minutes away. three stops to Connaught Place - called Rajiv Chowk Station. You dont want to be relying on driving everywhere in Delhi. No way! The crowds dont start till noon so get going early if you want to miss them in Karol Bagh's wonderful narrow streets..6- Sure the breakfast is basic..but it breaks your fast and its free, I usually added a great fresh cut fruit salad for a modest sum and was very happy. If you want a REALLY good coffee in Delhi avoid the trendy coffee palaces at Connaught Place and go to Religare - Arts_i Gallery Its on the corner Connaught Circus and Kasturba Ghandi Marg. 1st floor. best coffee and good food with great art.7- Sunrise is a new hotel so to find it ask to be taken to the Regal Continental Hotel. The entrance is in a clean lane and Sunrise is RIGHT NEXT DOOR set back from the lane so it can be hard to see. Alternatively when driving down Saraswati Marg the CLARK HOTEL sign is easy to spot - its a good hotel too! - The Regal and Sunrise are in the same unnamed lane on the other side of Saraswati Marg as the CLARK. Remember those tips and Sunrise is easy for you and your driver to find. Maybe I will see you there in December. An Oz traveller.	
Nov 5 2009 	This hotel is scamming	I had booked two days and went there to cancel the first day of my booking and add two additional days. So I paid, but after that they said &quot;we don't have any empty rooms but we will do our best&quot;. What that was supposed to mean I had to find out later...The first day of my stay they recognized me on the street, asking me &quot;what are you doing here? we didn't expect you&quot;. Refering to our agreement and payment, they just said &quot;In business, trust doesn't matter. But of course we have a room for you today, but you'd need to pay for that&quot; (pay again, what the heck?!). In the middle of the dispute they asked for my receipt, saying &quot;we need that&quot;. Thinking they just needed it temporary to give me a refund or make a copy or something, I handed it to them. But they wouldn't return it to me! And that was it, still standing on the street, and for them, the story was over.To sum it all up: I paid them for THREE days, I stayed there ZERO days and left with NO receipts or bills to prove anything or file case against them!	
Nov 2 2009 	Good location good price and great stay	We have read some good and bad comments on Trip Advisor about Hotel Sunrise. We booked this hotel for 1 day to check there services and thought if they provide us good service then we can extend our stay. They pick-up us from airport early morning because our flight Finn Air was arrive at Delhi airport very early morning. We had check-in. They provide us very good room with window with Balcony. So we decide to stay other 4 days. Hotel front Manager Ms. Leena was very friendly and always smile and ask us Madam are you satisfied with our services. and we smile too and reply he Lenna we are very happy. Hotel Sunrise is located in good location, good price and we have a great stay at Hotel Sunrise. We recommend Hotel Sunrise.Thanks.Lynda Christine	
Oct 31 2009 	Sunrise hotel is very nice	We met ownhis hoter of Sunrise Hotel in Tokyo, Japan with friend of mine and he introduce his hotel us and show us broucher and picture's. and unfortunetly we got holidays vacation and we book this hotel through hotels.com and got very good price. Hotel people pick-up us up from airport because it was include in the price. Hotel was very nice and room was specious with hot shower, which we Japanese people like very much. We feel very comfortable becuase we got very personal service, because of we are kind of hotel owner' friend and he speak Japanese very very well. We realy thanks to Hotel Owner and other staff.Arigatou gozai masu.Mata iki masu.	
Oct 30 2009 	OK but ...	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 1 night in October 2009. The room was fine although we had to ask for a top sheet on the bed. The a/c worked ok but was somewhat noisy with a rapping sound. The breakfast was very good although the coffee seemed to be instant Nescafe. The neighborhood, however, is a drawback. The streets are terribly crowded, noisy, and dirty, and there are touts every step of the way. The best aspect of this hotel is the remarkably low price -- around $30 per night.	
Oct 29 2009 	Best hotel in budget price	Hotel Sunrise is the best hotel in budget price. Hotel location is good for shopping. Me and my wife stayed in this hotel we feel very comfortable. Food was good, Hotel staff was kind and friendly and help us about shopping near by hotel and they help us for bargaining in the price because we are from Chennai. This is good for new traveler in Delhi. We will send our friends to this hotel.We will recommend this hotel to all the traveler's who come to Delhi first time. Thank you very much all the staff for taking care of us.Thanks and regards,Lakhey	
Oct 26 2009 	worst hotel i have ever seen	heading: the reality of this hotel.during my stay in india, i booked this hotel.hotel owner did not seem to run a hotel business, he was rather intersted in booking my agra-jaipur trip. i was given a non ventilated shabby room and on complainin he promised to upgrade me only if i book trip with him.when i refused for the trip, a black tall man with red eyes took me to his travel agency on the corner of the road. i was so scared.that owner also started following me. upon reaching there, they pressurised and as i was a sole travelller in this alien place i had no option but to accept the tour and pay them.the next morning, a small little car in bad condition arrived.i reluctantly sat in it as i was told that no other option is available.as expected, the car broke halfway. JESUS!!! i immediately left that place and had to walk around 5 miles to get another taxi.i rushed back to delhi and checked out of this hotel.they didnot refund any of my money.I felt cheated and i felt as if they are not hoteliers, they are a bunch of touts.!!!	
Oct 23 2009 	Home away from home	Hotel Sunrise is the hotel clean and comfortable. It's create as a Home away from home. They are take care of the matteress, bedsheet, curtains, wall colours, linen and the cleanliness of the whole hotel. I also took few pictures of Hotel by phone. They don't provide you just a service, but they give you an experience. all staff are very Friendly. The one place where you can be sure that your trip will always be a pleasure. You will get everything near by Hotel. so, come and enjoy your holidays.	
Oct 21 2009 	Dreadful Experince at Sunrise	Its a worst ever Hotel I have stayed with. Staff with no professionalism &amp; every time taxi drivers are sitting at reception in dirty clothes looking for there customers. I was badly scared to check-in into this Hotel but had no option in the mid night. whole night staff shuts &amp; screams. Rats &amp; lizards are just like room partners staying over there in all rooms When I was not comfortable with the atmosphere I requested to refund my money I paid for but they refused to return my money &amp; misbehaved with me &amp; said that I can leave from the Hotel. The owner himself doesn't know the meaning of courtesy.I do prefer t sleep on streets rather than staying Over sunrise where Sun can never rise	
Oct 18 2009 	Hotel Sunrise and Its owner Mr. Singh were great.	I am a NRI (non-resident Indian) and live in the US. I was in Delhi with my (American) extended family members as a tourist. I stayed in Hotel Sunrise for 4 nights in late September 2009. We rented 3 rooms. Our rooms were spacious and clean. House keeping was excellent. Hotel mangement was very friendly and helpful and almost every one in the hotel staff spoke English. The hotel owner, Mr. Singh, arranged taxi (with a guide) for us to go to Taj Mahal and surroundings and also for sightseeing in Delhi. He also had the taxi take us to the airport at 4.30AM to catch an early flight. Mr. Singh did a fantastic job and all with a joke and a broad smile.Both the hotel rates and the taxi charges were extremely reasonable for Delhi. I would recommend this hotel without any reservation to anybody planning a trip to Delhi and I will be a repeat customer here next time I visit Delhi.Mr. Singh, Thank you and take care.Raj Natarajan, Texas, USA	
Oct 11 2009 	Good clean and safe hotel for family	Hotel Sunrise is a good clean and safe hotel for family. Friendly and good staff and always ready for help. We have booked Delhi, Agra, Jaipur and Haridwar trip with this Hotel in a package and we realy enjoyed our trip. Driver was very good, he showed us all most all the sight seeing places, some times problem but this is normal when we travel in different city. But we all are very satisfied and happy with Hotel Sunrise services. Thank you so much Hotel Sunrise Staff.OM	
Oct 7 2009 	Ok Hotel. Don't do the tour	The hotel was ok for the price. However, the tour guide service associated with the hotel was pretty bad. The driver in Delhi was ok. But then when we traveled to Agra from Delhi, the driver was horrible. He yelled at us and made the trip horrible. When we got to Agra, we called the tour guide head office and asked to get another driver. The new driver couldn't make it until the next day, so we had to pay for a new tour in Agra. When we ask the head tour guy for money back he said that he would plan something special for us in Jaipur. Did anything happen? No. If I had to do it over again, I would have found a different tour group. Otherwise the hotel is ok for the price.	
Oct 3 2009 	STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE IF YOU ARE FROM EUROPE OR THE WEST	Very disappointing hotel and people running the place. This is definitely not a 3 star hotel. We made reservations online. When we got there they didn't even have our reservations. The room they gave us didn't have any windows and the bathroom was below standard - much different from the description given online. After my wife and I settled in bed, we got a call in the middle of the night and the receptionist said that we had to change the room since the room was already reserved for someone else. This was very inconvenient. The last night we stayed there, we were woken up in the middle of the night by the people from the reception and their friends making a lot of noise and talking very loud down the hallway. On check out, we left with a bad feeling. We found out later that the receptionist charged us 5 times the normal taxi fare to the train station. In addition, we were ripped off when the director of the hotel purchased train tickets for us. He lied about the ticket price. Unfortunately, because of him we ended up paying almost 70% more for the tickets than they were worth. Stay away from this place. They run it like an indian mafia. Very disappointing and very unprofessional.	
Sep 26 2009 	Great Stay at Hotel Sunrise	We found this hotel on the internet, it was new so we thought we would try it. The hotel was well worth the money, the rooms are well presented, extremely CLEAN and well fitted out with TV, bar fridge, AC and attached bathrooms. The staff were so friendly and accomodating, in our first room the internet signal was a little low so they actually moved us to a room with better signal straight away! We couldn't of asked for anymore, we will be staying here again when we return to Delhi! Thanks Hotel Sunrise!	
Sep 23 2009 	comment on the excellent service of hotel sunrise	I Mrs. Naidoo traveled with my Sister to New Delhi booked the hotel sunrise from South Africa. As per our booking, everything went as planned. we were picked up from the airport driven start to the hotel, on arrival it was the most unexpected welcoming, where we was offered drinks and we were garland then we were escorted to our suit. Our room was very beautiful we felt at home room service was excellent. The food was divine. View was good. The most exciting part of our trip was that the management helped us arrange or tour in and around Delhi, our car was booked itinerary was set and were ready for our tour. “Oh my god it was a tour out of this world!” at the end of it all we were driven back to the airport. To conclude I would recommend this hotel to each and every traveler I know, who is looking for an unforgettable holiday, adventurous tour &amp; a luxurious stay…P.S... Many thanks to management and all staff of the hotel sunrise You’re sincerelyMRS. Naidoo	
Sep 23 2009 	Hotel people will beat you up careful!	I came for business to Delhi. However I am a frequent traveller and saw a good review of this &quot;so called new hotel&quot;. So decided to catch up this hotel. But oh God it should not be termed as a hotel. It had RATS in the room. The bed sheets were torn. The Aircondition was not working and there was no water when I went to take a shower. The bathroom had so much of foul smell that I had to pack up my bag and just leave. When I wanted to leave they charged me extra money which was not agreed at the time of check in. They forced me to pay. It was a nightmare and I thought the musclemen will come and beat me up, if I dont pay I was horrified.	
Sep 20 2009 	undisovered gem of a place in Delhi	As I write this, I am still a guest at this Hotel. We wanted to book this hotel from Bangalore itself but did not have suffecient info to do that. We booked at another popular hotel and arrived at Delhi. One night at the Popular &quot; south indian &quot; hotel , and we beat a hasty retreat. We had the address of Hotel Sunrise but NOT thier telephone number [--]. Hence the next day we made it a point to SEARCH for the hotel and finally found it ( Next to Regent Hotel, Opp Clark Hotel Road, SaraswathyMarg, Karol Bagh, New Delhi ).The Hotel is brand new and it shows. Rooms are small but neat and clean. The staff is very courteous and though the restaurant is not yet open, the Room service more than adequately makes up for it. The location is excellent and the room service is good.Since we are going to be staying in delhi for six days, it suits our budjet and serves our purpose. I would recommed this to all budjet travellers who are looking for a cozy nook in the centre of the city.	
Sep 16 2009 	AVOID THIS HOTEL	I booked 2 nights at this hotel through expedia, the price included pick up from the airport which was important to me as a single female traveller. i received an e-mail from the hotel before I left for India confirming pick up however upon arrival at the airport there was no-one waiting for me. I contacted the hotel by telephone and was told to get a pre-paid taxi and they would pay for it. I did this however taxi driver was unable to find the hotel. It was 2 o'clock in the morning by this time and the area was deserted. We eventually found a travel agent who amazingly was still open. The agent did not know where the hotel was but let me use his phone to contact the hotel. I rang and asked if they could give the taxi driver directions however was informed that the hotel was full and they did not have a room for me. I explained I had booked and paid for my room and that I had spoken with someone earlier and explained the situation about the taxi and that I was a single female traveller. The person just kept saying they were full and then put the phone down on me. The taxi driver was going mad and said he wanted paying. I had no ruppees as I had expected the hotel to pay. The travel agent came to my rescue and I am not sure what I would have done without him. `he paid the taxi driver who just got my case out of the car and left me. The agent then contacted the hotel and found out where it was and went to the hotel and sorted a room for me. According to the agent it is common in India for hotels to say they have no rooms to people who have booked as a scam to get more money!!!. I eventually got to the hotel where they showed me 2 rooms to choose from (a plus side is that the room was big). I had to argue with them the next day to get the money back for the taxi. The whole experience was distressing, I do not know what would have happened to me if it were not for the kindness of the agent Rauf (PS his company is Le Nagooes Tour and Travel Company, Karol Bagh, email [--]) I think any hotel that would leave anyone in the position I was in should be avoided.	
Sep 9 2009 	New hotel offering excellent value and service in bustling Karol Bagh.	Hotel Sunrise opened four months ago and, as such, seems to be an undiscovered budget gem in the heart of bustling Karol Bagh. I give 4 stars to service only because some local staff are still learning subtle aspects of room service; however, lobby management is very professional and was quite receptive to suggestions I offered concerning room service. In addition to running a spotlessly clean hotel, the hotel owners offer a wide range of other services in Delhi and around the country; these include custom travel packages to suit the wishes and desires of most customers. My wife and I come yearly to India and we will undoubtedly avail ourselves of the services offered at Hotel Sunrise! (Conference center and a roof-top restaurant are under construction as we speak.)	
Oct 19 2009 	Nice Clean and Cozy Hotel! ??????????????????		
Oct 4 2009 	Hotel básico para pasar poco tiempo en Delhi		
Sep 24 2009 	???????		
Sep 21 2009 	warn heart		
Nov 12 2009 	clean comfortable room hotel manager helpful	we stayed here for 2 nights at a price of INR2800 per room per night inclusive of breakfast and all taxes, we later found out that the local travel agencies could have got us a a better deal at INR2000 per room per night inc of taxes and breakfast.the room was clean, air con was very noisy int the room. seemed secure enough, near shops and markets.hotel manager was very helpful and looked after me and my friend as it was diwali, they advised us not to go out alone as we were likely to hit by fire crackers.food was good and prices were cheap in comparison to other places.however on check out, they tried to charge us an extra INR 2800, saying that charges were not included and even tried to charge us extra for breakfast, it wasnt until we called the the hotel manager and said that he had been deceitful that they reduced it back to INR 5600 inclusive of all taxes and breakfast.would recommend a stay here but please ensure that you have it written down by the hotel exactly what the tariff includes or better still get it a lot cheaper via a local travel agency!	
Feb 18 2009 	damp room loud and not so clean	We found Delhi to be a very filthy, polluted and loud city and really would have enjoyed an oasis from the chaos but this was not it. like most of india this hotel was dirty the room looked like it needed a good cleaning. we had a large fan in our bathroom that was very loud with scary exposed wiring and the entire room had a moisture problem. the bedding felt damp. the room service menu was crusted with food. the room was very loud with staff banging things outside the door at all hours of the night. again the typical male staff, no female employees. the breakfast room was a dark dreary place and again felt very dirty. my first suggestion would be to skip delhi as it is a horrible city (we were also warned but did not listen) but if you must go book a 5 star. you are gonna need it. we had lunch at the imperial hotel and it was very nice.	
Feb 10 2009 	Okay though a nice respite from hectic Delhi	We stayed here as part of an Intrepid Tour (North India Highlights). The hotel was a good area with lots of shops and was very close to the Metro. Both times (at the beginning of the trip and at the end) we were placed in rooms that faced the street. While we had windows, the street noise was pretty bad (though it was generally quiet from about midnight to 6 am or so). The bed was comfortable, the bathroom was large, and there was plenty of hot water. The staff was nice, though sometimes pushy. We did eat at the restaurant once (on the rooftop) and the food was actually pretty good.	
Nov 10 2008	Rude reception manager just wants money	Regarding the room, they were fine, i stayed there twice, 2 differents times, booked by travel agent. Rooms are clean, no windows. However mini bar, dont drink the water in there, not sealed, they just refilled from tap water. on breakfast, i saw some insects close to breakfast table, not hygenic at all. Regarding the reception, they dont speak english, main person manager, speak english, but quite rude, try to sell u tour around dehli, or ask to exchange currency, but bad price. If you can find a other hotel, it is better.	
Nov 4 2008	Extreme Caution Needed	We recently returned from India after the marriage of our son in Amritsar. On our way to Amritsar we had to stay one noght in Delhi to catch next days flight to Amritsar.Our agent had advised us that he had booked this hotel for one night for us. Our flight from Kuala Lampur reached Delhi about 9.45pm and we reached the hotel about 11.30 pm to be told that the hotel was full ! A quick call to the agent got them all excited and they offerred us a room but we had to sleep on a mattress on the floor.We refused, then they walked us to a neighbouring &quot;branch&quot; of the hotel- it was dilapidated old building not worthy of being called a hotel. Then they walked us to Sunstar Crown again a few hundred metres away. By then our Agent came in and we asked to be taken to another hotel.We had a long flight from New Zealand- would never recommend anyone to book this place- it is NOT a hotel- pictures on the website are misleading.	
Nov 1 2008 	Great location clean and comfortable rooms.	We stayed here as part of our Intrepid Northern India Highlights tour. It is in a great location, with some excellent shops/restaurants and the metro within walking distance. The rooms and clean and comfortable with snacks and a minibar. The bathrooms are pretty good with big corner baths and a powerful hot shower. The staff are friendly and helpful.	
Jan 23 2008 	Failed to honor booking	Having booked and prepaid for the Sunstar Grand with an online booking service we confirmed the booking and arranged airport pickup with the hotel directly. On arrival in India our first dissapointment was no airport pickup. On arrival at the hotel at 3:00 AM we suffered our next dissapontment when the staff indicated the hotel was full already with was no place for us, we found a substitute hotel with the help of our cab driver.. Subsequent attempts to resolve the issue for refund of money were met with attempts to blame the incident on us for leaving the hotel when requested but not being able to be contacted when they found their mistake.	
Sep 23 2007 	be careful	we found this hotel from a tourist stand in the airport. it looked okay from the pictures and after a not so great stay in amritsar we decided to pay for a decent hotel.hotel itself is good, rooms okay if a little small but hot water and a decent bathroom made up for it. restaurant was good and on the rooftop so was nice to sit up there away from all the hustle and bustle.however.we were told how much the room would be when we checked in but on checking out the price had gone up as they hadnt told us the tax.we wanted to arrange a trip to agra and the receptionist called a man who said he could help us. we were promptly whisked away to a shop where we given some prices and basically told if we didnt book now that either the train or the drivers might not be available. the bloke also told us that he was 'approved' by the tourist board - NOT the case. we were totally ripped off but as we were only there 2days we wanted to make sure we got transport to agra and as it was night time that we were sorting this out didnt have chance to compare any other prices - the following day we found out that it wasnt an approved tourist shop so be very careful if you stay at this hotel.also check before you use the internet at this hotel as there are no signs to warn you of any charge so you could be asked for any amount of money when you logoff!hotel accomodation overall was okay it was a shame the staff werent as helpful as they could've been.	
Jun 8 2007	Okay for a few days	We stayed at the Sunstar Grand in early March of 2007 while sightseeing in Delhi. We are non-resident Indians so we are aware of the realities of hotels in India. It was in a quiet part of the city and generally was safe. The staff was a little sluggish and seemed very eager to earn some tips, but one has to expect this when dealing with a non-luxury hotel in India, especially in a major city. Overall, the room was clean, but the bed linens were a bit worn. We had a room with a bathtub (note: note all bathrooms do), but water leaked onto the floor if you used it. Also, it was very dark in the rooms because there were not really proper windows and there were exhaust vents and a single air conditioner unit attached to the &quot;window&quot;. There was also a noisy pigeon hanging out on our AC. But I have to say, it wasn't bad- we paid about $60 a night, and in a city like Delhi you have to be realistic. It was sufficient enough for us as we were out most of the day sightseeing. Let's face it, we don't go to Delhi to stay in a hotel/resort all day- we go to see the amazing sights. (note: Agra on the other hand had a GREAT hotel- Hotel Howard Plaza).	
Apr 20 2007	ok at a pinch but not out of choice	small roomsOurs on ground floor had no windowsour friends' on 3rd floor smelled of disinfectant. but they were adequate.Breakfast was the worst we had in india. boiled egges, moldy toast, non descript jam, Sunny delight as juice, that it. ah yes, weak instant coffee. It would be better if the hotel went R/O.Restaurant staff were worthless. 4 or 5 staff could'nt get a table cleared for us at breakffast and the hotel was'nt full. this also happened to our friends on the second morning so we ended clearing tables ourselves.Front desk staff were slightly pushy and appeared often whenever a tip seemed extractable. Otherwise they kept away.of all hotels we used in india (7-8) this time this was 2d worst.It will do if you need spend a night but better look elsewhere.	
Feb 5 2007 	Good Economical Hotel	Nice hotel close to the city. Fairy noisy at night time but noise level just enough to get some sleep. Room and bathroom were very clean, modern and spacious. Staff friendly and helpful. Overall, a good hotel at a very reasonable price. Ideal for short stays.	
Jan 31 2007	quite good and clean	We stayed in this hotel twice whilst on a group tour of Northern India. Once at the beginning of the tour and then at the end of 15 days. I had looked at photos on the internet and was pleasantly surprised that our room was better than we expected. It was a good size , located at the back and had a window and good sized bathroom. It had marble floors, cable TV, tea and coffee making facilities which was good and the decor was a bit kitsch but okay. It was very clean and the linen was white and fresh and the bed fairly comfortable for India ( so many are like concrete). It was very cold in Dehli in January so we had to ask for extra blankets as the room was freezing. On our final visit our room had a lovely warm heater. It was a bit noisy and we could hear all the goings on at reception ( we were on the ground floor) and also hear people arriving at strange times in the night. The breakfast area is a bit like a dungeon below with no ambience and we were served white toast, jam, hard boiled eggs and there was a choice of a few Indian dishes. The food in the hotel was ordinary compared to what we ate at other restuarants. The location is okay but not really near anything much - the market was closed on a Monday when we were there. It is cheap to catch an auto rickshaw to Connaught Place though and the metro is nearby which is cheap and clean.	
Jan 13 2007 	Kitsch decor pushy staff small rooms...but ok for a couple of nights	Decor is kitsch, but new, modern and not unpleasant. They've tried to achieve a Swiss chalet-style effect, leading to some strange features such as wood-panel print ceramic tiles in the bathroom. There is a tight marble staircase running down the middle of the hotel and a very slow, but spacious, elevator. Rooms: are small and the bathrooms are very small.On the plus side, the fittings are all new and the room is comfortable. Cable TV. Demand a room with a window, otherwise you will probably be assigned my room (202) , which was windowless. I pulled back the curtain to find a window built into a ventilation shaft. Breakast buffet is good. The food is delicious. The buffet is served downstairs in the pool, sauna, steam room area.Ambience: Noisy. The rooms seem to have little soundproofing between them leading to some embarassment about using the bathroom when one's neighbour is in residence.BEWARE of ridiculous add-on charges when you leave. Suddenly there is a charge for use of the steam room downstairs, or the internet in the lobby. These are nonsense charges - if you didn't sign an invoice agreeing to pay it at the time - as you would with a room service bill, for example - then you don't pay it. I stood there saying 'I'm not paying for it' as each one of these silly charges came up. I had the feeling that it was a self-ennrichment measure run off the books for the benefit of the front-desk staff and bell-boys. Threaten to go to the Tourist Police if they continue to talk at you, the staff rely on your sense of politeness and dislike of confrontation to hassle you into paying more. The staff quickly backed down when challenged on these charges and when they heard me say definitively that I would not pay it.The check-out experience really soured me on the hotel.	
Jan 8 2007 	Get the right room	We stayed there twice. The first time we got a small room (one side of the bed was against the wall so you could only get in it from the other side), with NO window and a shower room. The second time the room was bigger, had a bathroom, and windows :-) In both cases the rooms were clean. You can take a look at the hotel website, which shows pictures of various rooms. Breakfast was included and in winter is served in an unattractive room in the basement, with white neon lights and sort of shower curtains to divide it in two. We were also not impressed by the dirty plastic box with dirty crockery, which had been put on the floor by the entrance. We didn't eat much but other people seemed to enjoy their breakfast.The street is relatively quiet and not too noisy. Beware of beggars, who may try their first approach as soon as you get out of your car.Check also reviews of Sunstar Residency, as some reviewers might have confused the two hotels.	
Aug 24 2009 	¡No lo elijas!		
Nov 9 2009 	Watch out for the extra costs!	This hotel has lovely clean sheets and a lift and a fridge in the room. However everything else was a bit of a let down . Watch out for the extra costs. The room charge was for bed and breakfast , but when checking out the manager was going to charge for breakfast. When using email I was asked to write my name &amp; sign the form, nothing was written on the form and I used the email for about half an hour, when finished the charge was for 2 hours because my start time had been written wrongly on the form. Watch the menu prices as the charge is not always what the menu says some of our meals were charged at twice the amount than was written on the menu (check, check, check everything). The restaraunt was awful as was the food. I wouldn't recommend this hotel because we had to keep checking all the costs and continued to find prices were always wrong.	
Nov 2 2009	Very disappointing	We're not too fussy but turning up at the Sunstar Heritage after a longhaul flight at 2am to find no sheets on the bed, 1 smoky smelly towel, opened bottles of water and no hot water and the loudest air conditioning in the world that only did 1 temperature which was a polar blast - is not my idea of a hotel. We asked the manager for fresh towels the next day that never turned up and the following night we did have sheets but we were better off in our own sleep sheets. Would not recommend this hotel unless they make some changes.	
Aug 26 2009	Nice location clean hotel!	I was pretty impressed with this hotel after I read other reviews. If you are looking for a comfortable place to rest your head there is nothing wrong with this hotel. The rooms are very comfortable, with great airconditioning and clean sheets and towels. The bathroom was clean and there was always hot water, which wasn't the case in many hotels I've stayed in India. The restaurant was closed when I was there and you could only have room service which wasn't brilliant, but there are so many great places to eat who cares. Although it was a little expensive I felt very safe there being on my own and the staff were very helpful. Finally the hotel is not on a very busy street, therefore it wasn't noisy at night.	
Oct 9 2008 	Don't stay here	Don't stay here--eerie place. Originally I was supposed to stay at the owner's other property, Incredible Home Stay (which gets pretty good reviews), but was placed here instead. The service is abysmal (as in I can't believe these people are actually in the hospitality business) although the rooms were pretty clean. Sheets were cleanly pressed, but lightly stained if you scrutinize and as I'm a bit of a germiphobe, I look closely. Bathrooms were okay (I stayed in rooms 105 and 305). What was most frustrating is that their designated taxi drivers totally rip you off--FAR better to just catch an auto rickshaw on the street outside, but if you're traveling alone as I was (female), this can be a very, very intimidating prospect at 5 am when you need to catch a 6 am train to Agra. Also, be sure to negotiate with them on price. They charged me 1800 rupees, no tax, for one night, but then tried to charge me luxury tax on the second night. (?!). Do NOT eat at the restaurant--awful food and filthy kitchen--and be aware that there was a bombing in the Karol Bagh market nearby just a few weeks ago...	
May 18 2008	Not a pleasant experience	- Not very professional- Unless good bargain is done, you will lose- No direct booking facility. Even if you try to contact hotel directly the hotel you'll end up in contacting a travel agent who works as a contact point on many nearby hotels.- Try to avoid these broker/ middleman to save money	
Feb 22 2009 	ok if you just need a place to sleep	rooms were clean.not a great area of town (far from the center).rooms are clean and beds are ok.breakfast is a disgrace and service rivals that.acceptable if you just need a clean place to sleep.	
Nov 11 2008 	average decent place	I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights. The rooms were clean. The ac was not working properly. when I told the management, they sorted that out quickly.The area karol baugh where this is situated..was noisy...and crowded.However there was a shopping area close to the hotel.There is a good eating place called Raffles.If someone is looking for a decent place but without spending too much I think this is good value for money.	
May 29 2008 	Not too bad. Good location for Metro	Stayed here as it was a better location than some of the others. I have to agree it was noisy but this was due to other guests and not traffic. We had a room at the back on the 4th floor 405. Its perfectly acceptable but we did find our room unlocked on return so make sure you lock away your valuables or use the lockers in the managers office. If you leave the hotel and turn left at the front walk up the slight hill to the main road turn left and then right in 10 to 15 mins your at the Metro station Rajendra Place. The hotel business card has a small map on the back so its easy to find. Its a normal hassled walk but getting to connaught place is easy until late. The last train times are posted on the ticket booths. If you fancy coming back via tuk tuk use the pre pay booth in connaught place.Overall due to its locality to the Metro and the ease of getting to and from the city I'm recommending this hotel. The rooms were OK and clean. The shower was good and the bathroom was acceptable. AC worked. What more could i ask for. Price was 4452 rup around £53 for 2 nights. Sorry but no photos, i forgot.	
Mar 25 2007 	Clean rooms horrible staff no windows noisy	The hotel seemed really ok at first glance, the room was clean, but ...The receptionist holds me back, saying &quot;my travel agent&quot; would be here in 2 minutes and wanted to see me about my stay in the hotel. Well, I had no travel agent, I booked the hotel through Internet.So the guy who shows up, tells me that he would be the final agent in the chain of companies through which my booking went. And of course tries to propose me excursions, additionnal services, etc... SCAM! After a few minutes he felt my mood about his presence and excused himself.I ask for a taxi at the reception, not sure if it was safe to hail one in the street at night. Of course, no problem. Well it was only three times the normal price (which I would not care so much as it was a proper, comfortable car), but it was not a taxi at all, just any private car (maybe the hotel's car that they rent out?). Guess doing taxi services without taxi license is also in India not exacly legal ...Back in my room I realise that the window is actually not a window but a window into a kind of ventilation shaft. The fan that would blow the air into that shaft (so no fresh air nto the room...) was so horribly loud that there was no way to leave it on at night.As an advantage from the airshaft you hear your neighbours as if they were in your room!Why some furniture had to be moved between midnight and 4 in the morning was a question the reception seemed unable to answer.	
Mar 9 2007	Stay If You Want To Be Ripped Off!!!	I stayed at this hotel in March 2007. I was quoted a price for an executive suite as they said this was all they had available. It was downstairs. At first I thought it was ok as seemed clean but the noise was awful as it was on the ground floor. The only thing was the noise was from the staff playing loud music and shouting to each other all night even when I asked them to be quiet. We asked if we could move rooms and they said we could move to a room upstairs but it would be more money - which I could not understand as they were smaller rooms. When we asked if we could move later to a cheaper room they said they were fully booked. I called the hotel later that day by phone and asked if they had rooms and how much they were - they quoted me 1500 rupees less than the price I paid and said they were available. When I went back to the hotel they tried to charge me more and on checking out were shouting abuse and all sorts. I would never stay at this hotel ever again and advise anyone NOT TO STAY HERE. We are Non resident Indians and they were looking to rip us off so I can only imagine what they do to tourists!!!!	
Jan 21 2007	Great place	I stayed here several times while having to transit through Delhi and found it to be pretty good with minimal problems. The food was great, the service was prompt and the rooms were good. It's not for people desiring five star or even a good four star experience but it is a great choice for those looking for a nice three star place. The only downside is the neighborhood, Karol Bagh is quite chaotic and noisy....but then again all of Delhi is that way!!!!	
Jan 8 2007	Not sure this is the same as Sunstar Grand	I have been at Sunstar Grand. To comment on the previous review, I am not sure that Sunstar Grand and Residency are the same hotel. Looking at Sunstar Grand's website, it seems that Grand and Residency are two different hotels. They must be under the same ownership and close to each other, that's why it gets a bit confusing.I will post my review under Sunstar Grand.	
Apr 18 2006	great value for the money	Also known as the &quot;Hotel Sunstar Grand&quot;. Marble floors and staircase. Nice older style with good furnishings and bed for this medium price range. Clean but worn linens, good service. Plenty of water pressure. Great rooftop terrace for breakfast if you get up early (only one shady table for the latecomers) thankfully breakfast is also cheerfully delivered to your room.[--]We paid US$50/night large double with AC. Have a local friend call and reserve the room in Hindi - you'll pay less ;)	
Mar 20 2006	Very good value for money	This place is a good surprise, especially if you have tried the terrible Ajanta hotel before!! Our room was large, clean, confortable, the bathroom huge with an amazing bathtub... The food was also excellent and service above average. I am going back there in few days and definitely recommend it !	
Dec 30 2005	Horrible Place	We stayed in Hotel Sunstar for 2 days in December and the experience was horrible. The room looked like a dungeom. Being in the busy Karol Bagh area, there is constant noice all night and several bugs allover the room. We were changed to a different room but it was only slightly better. Having paid an exhorbitant amont of money for COX and KINGS travel agency for out Delhi-Agra-Jaipur trip, we felt cheated. On requesting a different hotel, they told us to pay by ourselves, which we agreed. The travel agent called back witha hotel for 300$ saying thats the only hotel available in Delhi as it was a busy season. We checked on the Internet and got a great deal at the Grand for 125$ and there were tons of other hotels available.COX and Kings is an unreliable travel agent set to cheat unsuspecting foreigners (as we saw many Japanese staying in Hotel Sunstar).DONOT STAY THERE. DO YOUR RESEARCH. LOOK FOR DEALS. and dont become a walking ATM machine!	
Oct 14 2009	KoolYaar	I was with a marriage party and we had booked our rooms in this hotel. We reached the hotel in the morning, after a exhaustive journey by train from Chennai. But the service was good. And the tariff is an added attraction, really less. Considering the area (Karol Baug), the price is affordable. Service cannot be said Excellent, but considering its tariff, service provided is good.Proximity of Metro Rail is an added advantage.	
Jul 23 2009 	Beware: Must keep Copy of Reservation Confirmation to Avoid Extra Charges	We stayed at Hotel Swati in July for two nights. It is centrally located and moderately priced. Included vegetarian breakfast is good too. Wi-Fi internet access is included in the room rate and worked on our floor without problem. I must warn about the underhanded practice by management: We had booked a &quot;SUITE&quot; with a king bed for two adults and two children with one additional bed included in the price. When we checked out, we were charged for the extra bed. The manager on duty will not remove the charge until I went on the web (thankfully they had web access in the lobby) and showed him the confirmation email mentioning no additional charge for the roll away bed. I believe they also cheated us by giving a standard room for a price of suite since the room was very small and the roll away bed had to be &quot;rolled away&quot; in morning because there would be no room to move about with the extra bed in there. I recommend inspecting all available room types upon check-in to avoid the scam.....	
May 29 2009 	Great Family Hotel	We reached the hotel late at night after 10 hour drive from Fatehpur(Rajasthan). But, were stumped by the hospitality of the staff even at that odd hour. Check In was quick late night menu exhaustive and service commendable.The hotel is neat and clean with internet access facility and a well informed travel desk.	
Mar 6 2009 	Good City Hotel	It is good city hotel tucked in the shopping area of karol bagh. I Stayed in the executive room , was decent ,spacious and clean, although air conditioner was the only ventilator for the room. It is a very professionally managed hotel , staff very friendly and helpful. Restaurant is 100% vegetarian but good, buffet breakfast is good and safe. The hotel is close to all basic necessities and the metro rail station, which is a great boon getting around delhi. Final result , good for tourist, business , in city hotel .	
Mar 1 2009 	nice hotel	booked the hotel online after reading tripadvisor reviewsIts cheap and you get what you pay for ,i stayed for two saysin january Had a very comfortable stay at this hotel.Good room/laundry service Execllent restuarant Excellent service through-out the stay	
Dec 18 2008 	Good for shopping and sights	We ended our 3 week trip in Delhi having started our trip there. We had seen most of the highlight sights on our first visit so we wanted to shop and fit in the ones we had missed. This was probably the most money we had spent on a room and choose Karol Bagh over the Connaught area as prices there were a little higher and reviews not that great. This wasn’t from the Lonely Planet like most of our other choices but was a good option. We’d stayed in Paharaganj for the first visit and this is a good place as a base for sites but Karol Bagh is a little nicer if you want a bit more of a calm location. The hotel is on a street just off the main street in Karol Bagh and perfect for the Metro. It’s about 5 mins walk to the station and it’s really easy to use. Only 3 stops to Connaught Place for the shops and western restaurants and a few more to New Delhi train station. Would recommend staying in Paharaganj though if travelling from New Delhi train station next day (if early morning). We got a friendly rickshaw driver to take us to some of the shopping highlights from the Lonely Planet and of course we got persuaded into visiting some carpet shops on the way. Although this maybe many people’s choice of holiday gift it was definitely not ours and if you’re like us to be avoided. All the Government Emporiums and Government run places have very traditional and expensive saris, ornaments and never ending carpets. Delhi (apart from Paharaganj) has markets, bazaars and western shops too so perhaps go there first without the emporiums. The main street in Karol Bagh has lots of market stalls and some western clothes shops worth a visit. There’s not loads of restaurants but a few that you can go in after a hectic day in the city. Rooms as small but clean and have everything you need. The staff are helpful and no problems with anything there.	
Nov 23 2008	decent stay	booked the hotel online via expedia after reading tripadvisor reviews, process was quite simple and painless. was able to confirm via email which was nice since i was in nepal right before, and their website was quite comprehensive. taxi driver tried to drop me off at swati deluxe, and wouldn't go anywhere when i told him i was at the wrong hotel, until the kind doorman at the deluxe was able to inform him otherwise. when i finally arrived, they quickly greeted me with a smile and shuttled me to my room. the room itself was quite small, but with decent decor. requested a king bed, but instead got two tiny twins. aircon was right over both of the beds like 2 feet next to one, which made it impossible to actually use while in either bed. room was right next to elevator and apparently the kitchen, as all i heard all night was the ruckus of the elevator and the kitchen staff washing dishes and chatting all night which was extremely irritating. staff was fairly friendly. bathroom was small, water pressure was okay and water was warm, not hot. overall, a fairly standard, nothing spectacular. i did not get my room made up between my first and second night. an okay place to stay, if your taxi driver can find it.	
Nov 23 2008 	you get what you pay for	Having just come back from there 2 days ago i felt i had to offer some comments.Its cheap and you get what you pay for, the rate we paid got us a room with beds and clean sheets. Beds were uncomfortable because the matress was on a wooden base. Not clearly advertised as such. The shower for the room rate we were paying was not a shower rather fill a bucket up and sponge bath yourself, but the water is hot so i guess that compensates.Its in an amazing location and when my travel companion was sick the hotel was quick to point us to a good hospital so points to them for that.However;We hired a driver from the hotel to take us to the taj mahal, he picked up a guide who was pushy, and then proceeded to do a very subtle tourist trap routine, i.e take us to shops where then guide and the driver get there cut. Very slick operation and very subtle. The comment when i complained on getting back to delhi was &quot;The hotel does not use a guide&quot; hmm sorry but the fact that we booked the tour through the hotel means that they do. Also be aware that the price for the tour is higher than if you booked through a non hotel tourist place. You will not be able to put the tour on your hotel bill you must pay cash. Obviously everyone gets there commission.My other strong criticism is we booked to go to the national museum paying for a driver etc but the driver had to stop twice to ask where the museum was and then when we asked to go to a Pizza Hut for lunch, he had to stop and ask where that was as well, driving past one before finally stopping at one. If I am paying for a driver i think its fair to give people drivers who have some knowledge of their own city. That was quite dissapointing.The custom of everyone expecting tips at the hotel was also dissapointing. Whilst i understand its part of the culture be aware that some of the hotel staff will not leave your room until you give them a tip, ie its mandatory. I was always under the impression that tipping is for good pleasant serviceIn summary, a cheap clean hotel that with a few simple changes could be so much better I think. Its great if you are only there for one or two nights but when staying for a week as I and my companion were it will start to grate on you.I love what i found in India and will be back one day but not to the hotel swati.	
Oct 11 2008	Love the Swati experience	Ok, so it's not a Taj, or an Oberoi or an Intercontinental. It's a decent hotel in the middle of a busy and accessible shopping area. For around $50 a night you get very good food, helpful service, and above adequate (clean) room facilities. The reason I started staying here is purely because I frequnted the hotel's Gujarati/Rajastani restaurant so often when I was in Delhi, it just made sense to stay in the hotel itself. The only problem I have is that because the hotel is located of Ajmel Khan rd, one of the main shopping areas in Delhi, I always end up spending so much on clothes, that it'll probably be cheaper for me to stay at the Hilton! But if you can show some self restraint, its definitely worth it! Seriously, I would stay anywhere else in Delhi	
Sep 27 2008 	Comfortable stay and nice professional staff.	Had a very comfortable stay at this hotel. A/C, large bathroom &amp; shower, cable TV, refrigerator, and a sitting area in the room. Staff was very accomodating and arranged a cab for us to the airport at 0130 am. The restaurant Suruchi was excellent. Good vegetarian food and complimentary buffet breakfast.	
Jul 28 2008 	Great Hotel for The Area	I booked an 'Executive' room in this hotel as a comfortable retreat at the end of a holiday in India - the rate was about 3000 INR (~$75 USD) by the time taxes etc were added - however I was very impressed! Rooms - Cable TV, free wi-fi, in-room safe (very rare for India), aircon, balcony (albeit onto a noisy side street), reliable hot water, complimentary bottled water (with the seals intact!), tea &amp; coffee making kit, nibbles, an evening turn-down service, comfortable bed, complimentary morning newspaper, and free breakfast. Whilst certainly not the Sheraton or Hilton, I would genuinely say that this is on a par, if not better, than many mid-range hotel rooms that I have stayed at in Western cities, and was utter bliss compared to other hotels that I have stayed at in India. Location - Situated down a side street in the middle of Karol Bagh, a large bustling market and shopping precinct, which as a auto-rickshaw driver explained to me, &quot;is where middle class Indians go shopping&quot; - plenty of bargains to find if you're willing to be adventurous and try the non-Western brands. There's western food outlets (McDonalds, Pizza Hut) nearby for those a bit short of willpower, and ATMs (complete with security guard) a short walk away. Delhi's fantastic Metro (it puts most other world metros to shame) is only a ten minute walk, is very easy to use, and most fares are about INR 10 (~$0.25 USD). The neighbourhood is very chaotic and crowded on market days, so maybe not a great choice for your first night in India if you're likely to feel culture shocked - but ideal for someone who has been in the country a few days. Noise - As it's on a side street, and not on the main market itself, the hotel is spared much of the noise and bustle. I didn't really notice much noise at all unless I went onto the balcony - absolutely fine. A great night's peaceful sleep.Service - To be honest, I had very little dealings with the staff, but check in was very efficient. All major cards are accepted, and no mysterious charges appeared on my card statement! The hotel arranged a taxi to the airport for me, which was on time, although the agreed price was INR 350 - INR 100 more than a taxi from booked from a Delhi Police booth - although there are only a handful in the city, so probably a premium worth paying for convenience's sake. Conclusion - highly recommended, definitely go for one of the executive rooms if you can - the service and standard of accommodation is superlative for its location and price point.	
Jan 16 2008 	Serviceable hotel in Karol Bagh	This review is a year old but I have a few tips that might be useful for Hotel Swati patrons.First... there are two Hotel Swatis. Keep this in mind when the cab driver asks where you want to go. There is &quot;Hotel Swati&quot; (where we stayed and the subject of this review) which has the following address:Hotel Swati15 A / 56, W.E.A., Karol Bagh,Opp. Roopak Stores, Ajmal Khan Road,New Delhi - 110005 ( India )website: http://www.hotelswati.com/swati.htmNote: the term &quot;Opp. Roopak Stores&quot; means the hotel is kitty-corner (diagonally opposite) from a store called Roopak. This is part of the address because the street the hotel is on has no name. The hotel does NOT face Ajmal Khan road.Then there is the &quot;Hotel Swati Deluxe&quot;:Hotel Swati Deluxe17 - A / 32, Gurudwara Road , W.E.A. Karol Bagh , New Delhi : - 110005(India) website: http://www.hotelswati.com/swatideluxe.htmBoth are owned and run by the same company so be sure you know which one you're going to. Our cab driver took us to the wrong one first.Anyway - our stay here was adequate. I did not choose the hotel and now that I've read about other New Delhi hotels on TripAdvisor I wish I could have chosen something else. We had no major problems, just a few fustrations here and there.When we first arrived the man at the front desk was a little strange. We asked him if he spoke English. &quot;No&quot; he said. So my husband began speaking to him in Hindi. Suddenly the guy remembered his English. It was odd. He asked to make copies of our passports. This creeped us out but we complied. I don't know if this is standard procedure. If anyone else has had the same experience I'd like to know about it.Our room faced the street and it was very very noisy. I guess this is to be exected in a busy city like New Delhi, and may be true of nearly all hotels there. Do bring some earplugs. The horn honking begins at 6 or 7 in the morning. After a while you can ignore it. Our beds were narrow twin beds with thin mattresses. The bathroom had a western style toilet that took toilet paper. Note: If you are a toilet-paper-user -- go easy on it while in India. That said, you may want to bring some extra for yourself. If you run out of the small roll provided by the hotel you'll have to wait a whole day before it's replenished.There is a very good restaurant attached to the hotel but it is actually next door - not within the hotel itself. It doesn't open for dinner until 7pm. On our first night we got there just as they opened and were a little worried about how empty it was -- until 20 minutes later when it was full to the rafters. Seems like a very popular place with savy tourists. The meals are all thali style with no sharing. But delicious! We also had breakfast there each morning and it was fine. It was a buffet and not bad at all (there is even a toaster!). The staff can be indifferent if you have a special request (the manager was more interested in playing solitare on his laptop than answering a question I had) but just let it go.On our second day we took a hired car to Agra to see the Taj Mahal which was arranged through the hotel. The driver was supposed to be English speaking - but wasn't. Oh well. Still got us to the Taj and back in one piece. Be aware that it is a 5 hour drive and you will be picked up at 6am. It's a loooong day.When we got back from Agra all we wanted to do was order room service and crash in our beds, but when we entered the room the lights wouldn't work. Our room had no electricity, even though the rest of the hotel did. What the heck? Turns out you have to place the metal key ring in a special holder just inside your room door before the electricity will work. Clever. But it would have been nice if they had told us this when we arrived.The neighborhood is crowded but interesting. We didn't feel unsafe once we walked around a bit. I have a video I took of the street that I'll try to upload or link to here if I can.What else...? Oh there is a great metro in Delhi! There is a station within walking distance of the hotel. Ask at the front desk re the Metro. That was something they were quite helpful about.That's all I can remember. Hope this was helpful!	
Apr 14 2007	Worse than Fawlty Towers	I stayed here at the beginning and end of an adventure travel type tour down the Ganges. It cost about $US60 a night. First room I stayed in had blood on the sheets and when I removed the sheets couldsee the mattress was crawling with bed bugs. Went to have a shower but shower head blew off into the side of my face. On way back in a different room the air conditioner caught fire. Actually were flames shooting out of it! Took 15 to 20 minutes to get any of the staff to come and then they send the boy. No fire alarms and no evacuation of course, although they did give us another room!	
Mar 25 2007 	What a relief!	Having come from Mumbai via Goa, we had already had great difficulty finding decent accomadation for a reasonable price. However we were so relieved to arrive at the Hotel Swati and find it was a clean, comfortable hotel with good facilities.Our room was the standard room for 2000rps a night. It was spacious with cable tv, fridge, aircon, in-room safe and comfy beds and pillows. We also discovered that there was free wi-fi internet to all the rooms which really helped us plan the next part of our trip. The restaurant serves excellent veg. Thalis and breakfast is included in the price. There is also 24hr room service.We found the staff to be friendly and helpful but not overbearing like in some places. Like everyone in India they appreciated a tip but did not hound you to hand over money.Karol Bagh is a busy noisy area but we quite enjoyed the amazing market street stalls and shops. The hotel was a little noisy but there doesn't seem to be a Delhi hotel that isn't and when I rang reception to complain about the noise from the next room they took action immediately and the noise stopped.All in all I would definately reccomend this hotel for its security and comfort at an excellent price.	
Jan 14 2007 	Great Hotel	This is a great hotel tucked away in Karol Bagh. Shops, Pizza Hut, Macdonalds etc are a few minutes walk away from hotel.Room: good size (we had the suite which was larger than most)Hot water on tap! (rare for India)Good room/laundry serviceExecllent restuarant with regional vegetarian thali's (we loved the unlimited Gujarti thali @ Rs130) NB if you don't order a thali but a snack item eg french fries - these are unlimited as well!Breakfast - Good buffet choice (the freshly made 'theplas' are a must!)Reliable airport pick-up/drop-off available - just phone in advance - we know and it works! Recommended!	
Jan 14 2009 	Völlig überteuert und laut!		
Nov 25 2008 	Chambre toute petite et sans fenêtre		
Oct 11 2009 	Very Average	Service and room OK but:Very much noise - rooms are not isolated from internal noise - staff begin work at 5am, opening and closing doors, taking linen from nearby cabinets, talking, dragging chairs and tables etc. - all with much noise. Nearby room had its bathroom just behind our heads - heard every opening of water, shower etc. Very annoying. Complaints did not help.Hotel breakfast at nearby restaurantvery very poor - even didn't have eggs...	
Sep 21 2009 	Great Staff 	i had booked over the net into a another hotel that did not meet my expectations, so i walked around Karol Bagh and came across Swathi - immediately got my attention, clean lobby, profesional staff and very helpfull. I had a delightful stay and were very pleased with the hotel staff. Good manager, front desk staff... infact all the staff were polite, helpfull and well trained...Kuddos to them ..made my stay greattt. i found the room spacious and very clean Iread about the negative reviews but i think its not fair on the staff as they go out of their way to make you comfortable.an example, they ( the manager on duty at the restaurant) even wake you up to check if you are gonna give breakfast a miss and were prepared to wait a few mins even though the time was almost up ... very personalised.Breakfast is unlimited in a veggeterian restaurant and its attendants, right down to the doorman are very professional. Plus they have another hotel around the corner with fantastic Rajistani food..Location - Its in the middle of Karol Bagh - close to shops, food outlets, metro station ( a must try) In addition to that the nternet Wifi is free (and working). Plus a computer near the front desk which helped me serach abt whr to go, eat etc whilst waiting for transport..Overall very happy with the hotel - would definitely stay there again and recommend it to anyone who wants a safe place to stay.	
Sep 2 2009 	Swati Deluxe - basic hotel with great vegetarian foodcourt	We stayed at the Swati Deluxe at both the start and end of an Intrepid tour. We found the location to be very good - close a metro station. The shops around were very interesting to us - a great sweet shop nearby and the Karol Bagh markets (clothes, belts, bags etc) a block away. The rooms were basic 3 star. On our first stay, one of the rooms had a broken chain (the door could be locked but I like to have a security chain). On our second stay, we were kindly allocated rooms with an interconnecting door. The rooms also seemed to have been updated which I understand was happening progressively throughout the hotel. The staff at the hotel were efficient and seemed very busy. Some staff were quite friendly. There was quite a deal of noise at night, although the second stay was quieter due to location of rooms.The highlight for us was the vegetarian food court next door. We loved the food and ate several meals there because there was a great variety.	
Apr 9 2009 	Good Hotel With all 4 Star Aminites	After having considerable difficulty locating a business (70-$100) hotel in Delhi for a personal visit, we settled on the Swati Deluxe Hotel based on reviews on TripAdvisor.We had a delightful stay and were very pleased with the hotel staff.1) They showed up at the airport as promised for the complimentary pickup. They come in an Logan(comfortable car) so if you are a large family with luggage cal them and let them know in advance.2) Our room was basic but both the room and the hotel inside was very clean. Folks who have written negative reviews are likely having inflated expectations of what $60-70 per night can get you in Delhi. The area around the hotel is great (in the middle of Karol Bagh) - that did not bother me so I liked the hotel esp. the courteous staff.Car parking is and bus parking facility is also their.3) The complimentary breakfast and the attendants serving it are very professional.4) We had made taxi arrangements for Delhi and Agra sightseeing from hotel . 5) Best part is internet Wifi is free,and also business center is also free.6) They a good vegetarian food court in the name of &quot;Shudh&quot; ,and also they have specialty restaurant in the name was &quot;Suruchi&quot;.Overall very happy with the hotel - would definitely stay there again if going thru' Delhi on personal visit.or Business visit.	
Feb 3 2009 	Good Location Average Service	I liked the location. Close to the Metro Station, Restaurants. But the hotel can get its act together for Cleanliness and Service. May not stay again as there are better places.	
Jan 28 2009 	Very Decent Hotel and Helpfull Staff	I had a good stay here. Of course, I got upgraded to a suite and hence could not experience the regular rooms, but the place was quite decent.As I remember, my bill also came about 9,000 lesser than my last stay in Delhi. I will stay in this place for my future travel as long as they extend the same facilities – discounts etc.ThanksHemanthemail:-subramanya.ma@tycoelectronics.com	
Dec 15 2008 	Above average price for a below average hotel.	This hotel is located near to a metro and there are alot of similar hotel with same pricing nearby. Please bear in mind that the hotel will charges 22.5% of taxes for the price shown on the pamphlet. Remember to ask for a discount if you arrive late at night. Ovearall, it is a below average hotel.	
Jul 16 2008 	Decent stay	There are a multitude of mid-range hotels in Delhi and the Swati Deluxe is a good choice. One piece of advice regarding hotels in India -- bear in mind that their idea of 3-star may not be what you expect. The hotels are clean and the staff are usually friendly, but it's not going to be in line with what you would expect in the States or in Europe. I would say that the mid-range hotels in India are about on par with economy motels in the States. After the marathon flight, the staff at Swati Deluxe were welcoming. The hotel is a little difficult to find, so be sure you have specific directions/information to provide to your driver. The rooms are clean and they provided towels each day. The attached restaurant has very good selections for breakfast, lunch and dinner. We found it very convenient and enjoyable.	
Feb 14 2008	A RAT ate my apple!!!	Our first night in India, the hotel gave us a fruit basket which consisted of an apple and a banana. We left it on our TV stand and during the night I could hear gnawing sounds! I thought it was my mind playing tricks on me, but in the morning we saw that the apple was half eaten! BEWARE! Small 3-occupancy rooms and no working shower heads. The only positive is the buffet breakfast at the hotel's restaurant.	
Oct 12 2007	Good location but poor service	The hotel was well located, near restaurants and shopping. When we checked into the hotel at 2100, someone was in the room that they gave us. They then cleaned the room while we waited, but they didn't even change the sheets. The room was quite dirty, with hairs all in the rumpled sheets and trash still in the trash can. Also we felt like the staff were not very helpful when we raised our concerns that the room not being clean and waited around waiting on bakeesh, even after just cleaning the room.	
Jul 11 2007 	Great place to stay	Myself and three friends stayed in the Swati Deluxe on three seperate occasions during the months of December 06 to January 07. We originally found this hotel through our travel group, Intrepid, though we returned to it when we were travelling independently.The rooms are clean and comfortable with decent hot water, though you will need to switch on a seperate hot water tap before the main hot water tap has hot water (this is India, after all!). Room service and a telephone (capable of international calls) is available in all rooms.I can highly recommend this hotel because of its very helpful staff. We left literally mounds of luggage with them for weeks on end, and they were only too happy to keep it for us.They unfailingly organised endless taxis, tours and so on for us and told us what we should expect to pay. The friendly staff were only to eager to go the extra mile and carry our luggage and so forth.Just behind the hotel is the wonderful Karol Bagh market, which is lively at night and has great shopping by day, including a Levi's outlet and Spycar jeans. They will take up the hems for free. The two males travelling with us had extremely high quality suits tailored at Sethi's for a fairly low price ($400 for my partner, for full suit and 5 tailor made suits in high quality wool from Scotland).The foyer has free, reasonable-speed internet available. The only downside is that the one &quot;internet cafe&quot; nearby has a group of lazy teenagers working there who never want to switch on the computers for you and so tell you they are &quot;closed&quot; (this happened three times). We had to catch a rickshaw across town for internet.The hotel is a hub for Intrepid tours and so is a good place to meet like-minded travellers.	
Jun 23 2007	Swati Deluxe Karol Bagh	For the ones who want to have a nice stay in Delhi, the Swati Deluxe is a very well located hotel, in the market center of Karol Bagh. It's not very expensive, and the rooms are okay, clean at least, with western facilities. You find very good and inexpensive restaurants in the area, but don't go to the restaurant just beside the hotel (the hotel will send you to that place for breakfast, but it's not good and it's very expensive !!!) Better go to the restaurant Crossroad of Bengals sweets... :) You can make arrangements for transportation with the hotel directly, but there is a subway station close. Swati Deluxe is a safe place and you can book online directly on their website.	
Dec 5 2008 	Un lujo con encanto en la ciudad de los contrastes.		
	Great escape from old delhi	Very good service, big clean rooms, food ok, free breakfast. The only downside is the price but Delhi is expensive anyway.	
	Good location for a good price	As mentioned in other reviews, the hotel is located down a dark and dirty alley off the cycle market in Old Delhi. There is a full-time security guard at the door, though we didn't feel unsafe (if I were on my own that may have been different).You get what you pay for - the rooms are basic, dark, and small. But they are clean, cheap, and the hotel is ideally situated for visiting the fort, mosque, and bazaars of Old Delhi. The hotel is also quite noisy. Our room had a shaft outside the window that must have gone up to the kitchen, so we were able to hear people for most of the night / early morning. Also, there is a window above the door that lets light in throughout the night. We ate in the restaurant during our stay. The hotel does not serve alcohol, but they will send someone out to get beers for you (at Rs 120 each). The food was decent and reasonably priced. Breakfast was included in the cost, and although not very substantial, it was fresh and sufficient.I'd recommend this hotel to anyone looking for reasonable accommodation in Old Delhi. It is not spectacular, but it was good enough for one night.	
	location is bad	This place is like only for backpakers” not for family with young teenage children. The people in the street near hotel pass bad comment on women and girls. Bad area hotel though	
Nov 23 2009 	Not bad if you want to visit Mosque and Fort	Hotel is situated in the old Delhi, meaning if you like to be in a quiet neighborhoud, forget about it. However the hotel is in a small street and rooms are quiet.Old Delhi is really messy, and it can be a little harsh on your first day. However, it is ideally situated if you want to visit Delhi fort and Mosque.Hotel is clean, and bed is comfortable and hard at the same time. We slept ok.The restaurant is not good, so don't go.Service was nice enough (not amazing though).	
Nov 22 2009 	SECOND STAY IN HOTEL TARA PALACE. LOVE IT	I visit Delhi every year to help with a small charity called 'Butterflieschildrights' and have stayed in several hotels. This is by far the very best place I have ever stayed in. It is clean, friendly and the food is really good. I am a female of 65 years and feel really safe. I have been made to feel so welcome and the staff are really caring. You don't need to stay in really posh hotels as there is no guarantee you will get the cleanliness or service you would pay for.Whilst I agree that the passage way can feel a little daunting, if you smile and say namastar to every one they are fine. I will be staying here every time I come to Delhi and know it will be like coming home. What more can you want.	
Nov 19 2009 	“not well maintained”	It’s a new hotel but not was built &amp; maintained. Furniture is good, rooms are small sized, bathroom tiles are dirty and W/C back is also dirty. Ok hotel but needs thorough cleaning and funigation.	
Nov 15 2009 	Clean and tidy hotel	Had booked this hotel on the internet. We were a bit doubtful when we arrived in the dark. The area is alive and very busy and the alleyway to the hotel a bit daunting. But once inside we found a very helpfu staff and travel bureau. The bedrooms are spacious, very clean and the bedding was changed daily. The bathrooms were spotless. The restaurant served a very good selection of food. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. It is an interesting if lively area to wander around during the daytime.	
Nov 14 2009 	The place in Old Delhi	This hotel is a real find. And in the middle of the noise and madness of old Delhi.It has a very helpful staff who immediately put your fears to rest when you find yourself in a Charles Dickens like neighborhood. Some fine restaurants in the area were recommended (Karim&quot;s with Mughal food is a Delhi institution since 1947). The attached travel agency was oneof the best I have found in a long time. The agent Rameez sorted out all my problems in no time flat and made sure that I was not taken by any taxis or touts. I will stay here again in January and get Rameez to help with all my travel plans for another month in India. He is fast at getting everything right. Better than I ma with the bookings in one spot...Just wish they had wifi in the rooms..	
Nov 13 2009 	Amazing place right in the middle of old Delhi	Has a free pick up from the airport/kamikaze driver from the paradise of India (Kashmir) who drove wildly through the night streets of early morning Delhi. In the middle of an old quarter of Delhi which is run down is a modern hotel - extremely clean and cheap with a lot of helpful staff. Breakfast a bit poor, but the view from the terrace of Red Fort, Jama MAsjid and a Jain temple as well the life in the old quarter is delightful and priceless. A must for anyone wanting to expereince the real India at first hand.	
Nov 7 2009 	A Bright Star Indeed	Spent one day with my family here on arrival to India. They had a driver waiting at the airport. Very efficient, personable service, great rooms. You can take your valuables like laptop to the front desk for security. Tremendous views of the old city from the rooftop. Nice clean rooms with good bathroom and prompt room service.First time visitors might find the approach to the hotel a bit disconcerting being in a side alley near the fort, but your fears will dissolve once you enter the lobby. Took away one star on account of the ordinary food served in the restaurant. Otherwise, its just awesome and highly recommended for anyone visiting old Delhi or catching a train from there.	
Nov 6 2009 	Fab Place to Stay in Delhi	We arrived in Delhi as our first stop for our tour of India, although the taxi that we had arranged to pick us up was 1.5 hours late when you see he traffic its quite understandable and dont let it put you off. The alley to the hotel is off putting but again once you get to the hotel it is well worth it.The hotel was clean and the staff very welcoming. The restaurant food is good if you dont want to venture out in the evening looking for places to stay.The roof top is a must and if you like a beer the staff will bring you a table and chair to sit and admire the view, peace and quiet from the hustle and bustle.A fab place to stay in Delhi - dont miss it the best bit is the wonderful welcoming staff	
Nov 5 2009 	Noisy 	Stayed for 2 nights with my girl friend and surrounding place is very crowded and noisy. Lot of poor people baggers in the area and irritate you to heights.	
Nov 1 2009 	"DIAMOND IN THE ROUGH"	The path leading up to Hotel Tara Palace looked shady; I was totally doubting this place, but since it was late at night I thought its better to have a room to stay in as opposed to looking for one in the dead of night. This smart decision proved to be one of many during my trip. Another smart decision was consulting the in-house travel agent – Rameez who tailor made a tour for me. One of the places he sent me to was the controversial un-safe for tourists ‘KASHMIR.’ It turned out to be a smart decision. Kashmir reminded me of the valleys I had seen during my travel through Europe. Its fresh mountain air, green open spaces, and abundance of water was a great find. Overall this trip was full of smart decisions!	
Oct 30 2009 	A gem in the hectic chaos that is Old Delhi	This was our first stop in Delhi and whist arriving to it is a culture shock (Old Delhi is chaos) the hotel is a clean and tidy oasis. The alley to the hotel is not the most welcoming approach but once inside it is soon forgotten.The room was well air conditioned and clean and the bathroom was a rather dated wet room but clean and served its purpose. The shower did not always have hot water, seems to be available more in the morning than at any other time.The rooms are basic, but adequate but ours lacked a window which meant it was very quiet but certainly not a room you would want to spend alot of time in. To be honest it was ideal room to get over a long journey - it was so quiet we slept uninterupted for over 12 hours! The AC worked very well.The hotel has a 24 hr restaurant at good prices. The food is good homemade cooking (the sort your mum would make if you have a Punjabi mum!) very tasty, The breakfast is complimentary, if you have Indian breakfast then all is good, continental style is a little more confused, but does the job.The staff are excellent. The hotel has a roof terrace. You can eat and drink up here and its a great place too see Old Delhi at roof top height. The location of the hotel is excellent for the Red Fort, the Mosque, Chandi Chowk and shopping and the Sikh Temple.The hotel has a travel desk and will book train tickets for a small fee but well worth it.Would stay here again - certainly appeared to be one of the better hotels in Old Delhi.	
Oct 16 2009	Highly Recomended Hotel Tara Place	It was my first time in india and i decided to go Old Delhi myself and i chose this Hotel Tara Palce and i don’t regret my decision as i was a single girl they gave me a family atmosphere and i felt so comfortable and safe...my room was very clean and food was delicious and the location was beautiful with view of Red Fort and Jama Masjid. Staff great, Special RAMEEZ helped me with some other travel isues..Deffinatly will be back again.Highly recomended for female travelers. Thanks you Rammez for all what you did for me and i will come back soon.....	
Oct 15 2009 	Be wary	We chose this hotel because of the reviews on trip advisor, especially the review on the travel agent Rameez that plans and books tours of the North.  Firstly we were suppose to be picked up from the airport and there was no one to meet us, we called 3 times and waited 1 1/2 hrs for a pick up.The location of the hotel is down an alley way and it beats me as to how they managed to get the photos of the hotel that they have on their website as it looks nothing like it. I did not like the area in Old Delhi and didn't like leaving the room, i found the men in the area looked at me as a western woman like i was scum, even though i was with my husband i was still shoved on the street. I found the area to be very disgusting and dirty.We booked a trip with Rameez and he was very helpful but i would suggest to anyone to make sure you confirm everythinhg with him and ask lots of questions. We have found that these travel agents are very quick to say no problem Madam!. We did a tour of Varinassi, Agra and Rajastan, i would recommend to take your time on the trip we found alot of the time in the mornings was driving to the next destination, you get there in the early afternoon, do your sight seeing rather rushed in the late afternoon, sleep the night and you are off again the next morning. We were assured that we can change the itinery at any time, which we did as we got too tired moving on every day, but the hotels werent confirmed and we would arrive in places like Jodhpur and the hotel had no booking for us and we ended up having to chase this up with Rameez and got a horrid room in the end with no TV and A/C that we had paid for. They tend to make lots of excuses and pass the buck, so confirm confirm confirm!!!!!The hotel that was booked in Varinassi was too far away from the Ghats, because you were out of the town you were at the mercy of the travel agent who works for this company, i would recommend to ask for a guest house closer to the Ghats so you can be a part of everything that is going on and not have to pay for taxi's to go everywhere.As for the hotel the rooms are very spacious, hot water in the shower, good room service.Just be wary booking a trip and check all details thoroughly.	
Oct 12 2009 	Wonderful hotel in old Delhi	The Tara Palace is a great little hotel! The staff is friendly and helpful, the rooms are clean and large, and the food is good. Breakfast is included and I recommend the Indian breakfast of parrathas. The airport pick-up worked flawlessly, which was great since we arrive at 8PM. The location is in the middle of Old Delhi, not on the normal tourist trail,i which can be intimidating for newcomers. But I walked by myself as late as 10PM and had no trouble at all. It is only blocks from the Chandni Chowk market, a classic old-style Delhi market full of wonderful surprises down the many side alleys. It is THE place to buy a sari (if you are looking) or lots of other things and is awesome to walk around. The Red Fort is also just a few blocks away and is a must-see. If you stay here, be sure and check out the roof. It is a great place to check out another view of the city and the hotel staff will bring you tea or even your whole meal up here. For the price (and if you want to see the real Delhi) this is a great hotel and nxt time in Delhi I am staying here again. BTW, I am a 55 year old white American.	
Oct 1 2009 	A Special Place to see the real Delhi	If you want to see real Delhi this is the place. It is a clean, comfortable well presented hotel with pleasant and helpful staff. Room pleasant but no view, aircon ok and not too noisy.Location down a little side street may seem quite intmidating but I found this was not the case at no time did I feel at risk. What is special is that not only can you see Red Fort and other sites from roof but the atmosphere of the area. During the day hotel located iin bicycle market which is lively. At night it becomes a fruit and vegetable market with sellers setting up pitches on the road side with camping lights to display their products. The area just comes to life and you can see the real Delhi in one place.	
Sep 20 2009 	Nice and safe place	Nice and cheap hotel. The rooms are clean and you're just in the middle of old town, not so far from metro line. We stayed there 3 nights, avoid the room near the kitchen because they're always at work.	
Sep 15 2009 	A nice place to stay in the heart of Old Delhi !	We booked the first night of our tour in India and the pick up at the International Airport: they were there to wait for us, which was a good start indeed. :)The hotel is clean, the staff efficient and helpful. The location of the hotel could appear at the first glance not very safe, as the place is very crowed, but we felt safer wondering on foot there than in Paharganj.	
Sep 6 2009 	In the heart of the old city	Very clean rooms, confortable after a crazy day on the streets of old Delhi, very quiet, nice and allways available staff to help you with anything you need. The location couldn't be better. Great food, we could say it was one of the best food we ate in India.Great value for price.	
Sep 6 2009 	Old Delhi Palace	We chose this hotel because it looked quite nice for its price, and the location was quite interesting for a first contact with India, the hotel itself on a alley in the middle of old Delhi, in walking distance to the Red fort, the big mosque, and the NDLS and DLI railway stations. The rooms are clean and tidy, the neighborhood is quiet and the staff is nice and helpfull, the restaurant has excellent food, maybe the best food we ate in India, available 24h a day!	
Aug 25 2009 	Fantastic stay at the Tara Palace	Our experience of this hotel started at the airport. The driver was there to welcome us, he was friendly and informative. The front desk staff were outstanding, they were friendly, helpful and nothing was too much trouble. All our special requests had been arranged prior to arrival. The rooms were very clean and well appointed and security was very high on their list of priorities. The 24 hr restaurant and room service was a definite plus point for this property, the waiting staff were efficient and friendly. All in all, a well run hotel.Mark Walker - Goa	
Jul 20 2009 	Great Hotel to Begin an Indian Journey!	This hotel was our first stop in India on a month backpacking trip, sure there are cheaper hostels but it was nice to have the pick up from the airport and the security of knowing someone was waiting for us when our flight arrived at night (and we were late out of the airport because they lost our luggage!!!) Everyone in the hotel was helpful and we could literally order great food at any hour of the day and the food was delicious!!! the men at the front desk were very helpful- gave us internet for free, gave us directions places, on our second day there we met a man named Rameez, that if I can remember works for adventure travel company (his office is attached to the hotel) Rameez sat down with us and we figured out exactly where we wanted to go for the month and together we decided what kind of class of hotels we were willing to stay in, we booked ALL our train tickets (which he had available for us the next day!!!) He then organized a cab to drive us for the next 7 days of our journey to Agra then on to the Rajasthan province! He was very helpful, funny and excellent with English, he will listen to what you wish to do, and honestly gives you a decent rate, throughout our whole trip if there were any issues with our booked hostels or tickets (including flights) we could contact him at any time, he really helped us two girl travelers out ALOT!!!!! Sooo many positives, only negative- make sure you get the hotels you want (ie. if you want to stay in the shopping area or if you want to stay away from other tourists, or if you want to go where all the other backpackers are!!!!! BE CLEAR!!!! Also if there is an area you want to tour and do on your own and pick your own hostel for the night, be sure to let Rameez know and he will plan around any schedule you give him!!!!!! Overall like I said a great place to start the trip and with helpful workers and their travel office to arrange your trip you should have no problems!!! We didn't and have deeply appreciated the help this company has given us!!!	
Jul 12 2009 	Good value for money!	Hotel Tara Palace website: www.tarapalacedelhi.comMe and my wife stayed three nights at Tara Palace on two seperate occasions in July 2009 as part of a sightseeing trip (golden triangle).Following is a list of pros and cons as well as general notes on the hotel and its service:The Pros- If you want to be in Old Delhi (or near the Red Fort), the location is good- Cheapest hotel in it's class that I could find- Very neat and tidy rooms with good airconditioning- Away from busy streets (See notes below though)- Check-in / out fairly easy. No hidden costs, credit cards accepted.- As per their website no extra taxes were added later on.- Free airport pick-up- Complimentary breakfast (Not great, but acceptable)- Room service menu at very cheap prices- 15 minutes complimentary internet usage downstairs- Elevator to all floorsThe Cons- If youve never been to India or a third world country, the location might not be suitable for you- No leeway with pick-up / drop-off (see notes)- Travel agent slightly pushy (but probably just doing his job)Notes (Please note that most budget hotels in Delhi will have some or all of these issues)- Hot water only available one of the three days (it was 40 deg C outside though)water pressure in shower acceptable though.- Try not to stay on the third floor. The kitchen and restaurant are here and there is a lot of noise echoing through the corridors till the early hours of the morning.- NIght staff can be quite unfriendly compared to the day staff- They are willing to do a free pickup from the airport (22km away) but not from New Delhi Train Station (3km away)- They refused to change the complimentary pick-up (that we did not get) into a complimentary drop-off at the airport (Rs300 extra).- Late check-out will cost half the daily room rate (Check-out is 12:00)They will kepp your bags though if you want to collect them later.- The photos of the rooms on their website are quite accurate.- Very little soap/shampoo are provided (bring your own)- Toilet paper is limited, but they will bring more if you askTravel agent(All hotels in Delhi has their own travel desk - they will all try to sell you the world: BEWARE!)- The travel agent tried his best to get us to cancel our prepaid train tickets to Agra and Jaipur and suggested we hire a car with a driver from him. He said the train to Agra takes more than three hours. (It actually takes exactly 2 hours as advertised). He said a car will only take 3 hours (actually its closer to 5 hours, sometimes more). He tried to get us to cancel hotel reservations and use his reccomendations.JUST SAY NO THANKYOU!- We paid Rs1500 for an A/C car and driver for a full day of sightseeing. It is difficult to organise this by yourself and the agent knows this - however, this price can be negociated. Also insist that if you hire a driver, an airport/station drop-off is included.You will still have to tip the driver as he doesnt see any of the money you pay to the agent.Summary:Pleasant stay in general with minor annoyances. If you can get past the location of this hotel (or even if you want to stay in Old Delhi) it is great value for the money.General Tips for this area:- There is a Metro train station 750m from the hotel. It can be tricky to find yourself (ask the locals), otherwise 5min by auto rickshaw, appr. Rs20-30 (you have to haggle)- No matter what they tell you, the Red Fort is only 400m on foot. Jama Masjid is 500m away. (Get a map from the travel desk)- Pre-paid auto-rickshaw from NDLS to hotel is Rs62. From hotel to NDLS you will have to haggle VERY hard for this price. The hotel will not go lower than Rs300 to call a taxi for you.- There are very little taxis/auto-rickshaws right outside the hotel, you'll find most on Chandni Chook.- It is expected that you tip everyone: Doorman, security guard (tip them when you check out), the two people that cary your one suitcase to AND from your room, waiters, etc. Always carry Rs10 notes with you, they are handy for tipping.- For Google Earth users: here is the location of the hotel: 28°39'16.95&quot;N 77°14'3.82&quot;E	
Jul 8 2009	Hidden Gem !	My wife &amp; I booked a flight to Delhi (from Kolkata) with a 4-day stopover on the way to Mumbai, with the express intent to see the Taj Mahal in Agra. At first, a contact in Delhi recommended us another moderately-priced hotel near the airport, where we stayed for 2 nights. Being from America and not used to the water, we succumbed to diarrhea at that hotel, so we were anxious to move to a cleaner hotel for the rest of our 2 night stay, even if it meant paying more. Unfortunately, when we read reviews of even hotels priced 3 to 4 times higher, but we found inconsistencies in reader satisfaction versus the star ratings and the hotel's price. So we decided to focus on reader reviews for cleanliness as one of the prime criterion for our hotel selection in addition to price. We found that Hotel Tara Palace had high marks from most readers on this score *and* it was reasonably priced! The con that most of these readers had to say was that it was hard to find as it was down a narrow alley way in the old part of town. We, therefore, ensured that we had the hotel manager talk to the taxi driver on our mobile phone (we got a pre-paid Airtel phone as soon as we could in India), and have his person meet the taxi at the entrance to the lane where the hotel was. Aside from this, and the fact that the hotel is about an hour (or more depending on traffic) away from the airport, we were thoroughly pleased with the hotel, including its cleanliness, its food, and amenities, etc. It must be said, that we picked the most expensive room (Rs. 1800 per night (double occupancy) on the top (3rd floor) of the hotel with a window view of the old city), by-passing the lower priced ones entirely as we needed to rest and recover from our &quot;tummy problem&quot; and the overpowering heat at this time of the year. (The monsoons were delayed this year.) The desk staff booked us an airconditioned private taxi to take us to Agra and back (a full-day trip to see the Taj Mahal, and definitely worth it). The train or A/C bus would have been cheaper, but you are at the mercy of their schedule and availability of reservations (which at a moment's notice can be hard), else we were open to that option, but couldn't avail of that mode of transport. We found the room to be spacious, the bedsheets and towels and the bathroom to be clean and bright (with enough lights), and, of course, a remote controlled A/C (we had to put in a new set of batteries) and a ceiling fan. There was no bathtub, but the bathroom was clean with a hot shower (hot water upon request). (Although, the normal cold water was comfortable enough for a shower, as the outside day temp. was up to 47 deg. C.) The floors were of inlaid marble, and the entrance door to the rooms were of inlaid marquetry wood. Really gorgeous!Room (food) service was 24/7. The food was good. We enjoyed our stay at the hotel and would recommend it to most foreigners traveling on a budget.A. B.	
Jul 6 2009 	Incredible India!	I managed to find Tara Palace after a lot of wrong turns! But it was totally worth it! The alley leading up to the hotel is totally sketchy, but once you walk it a few times its fine! My room was pretty basic, and the overall service was decent. One thing i need to commend was the brilliant, advice, and help i received in planning and working out the details of the rest of my time in India! Tara Palace had whetted my appetite and laid the bar for the facilities i wanted to stay in, the service i expected, and the price i wanted to pay. At the in-house travel desk a guy named Rameez Badyari greatly helped me out. He helped me to efficiently plan the rest of my trip in India by presenting me with many options that suited me and my needs! I am satisfied and will be coming back to Tara Palace!	
Jun 17 2009 	The best place to feel being in real India with the necessary comfort	I warmly recommend the place to people who want to be in Old Delhi with security and comfort. It isn't luxurious but very comfortable (good beds, hot water, internet, good services, guardrobe with your own key....) You feel at home, all the staff is very friendly and the manager keeps to his word. We were supposed to stay 3 days and felt so much at ease that we remained till the end of our stay in Delhi.	
Jun 14 2009 	All Around Good Experience - A rarity in India	This was my first trip to India and was feeling a tad overwhelmed by the population, by the heat, by the traffic, by my feelings of being so utterly different from everyone. I booked by hotel reservation well in advance, but was told by my taxi driver that he &quot;didn't know where Hotel Tara Palace was&quot; despite my having a good address. Finally, after asking several people for directions, I found it . It turned out to be this very peaceful oasis of friendly faces that went out of their way to be helpful and reassuring. In particular, I want to say a HUGE thanks to Rameez Badyari, a polite and knowledgeable young man who manned their travel desk. I had several places I especially wanted to visit and he helped me to logically organize my trip so that I could manage to see everyplace in a relatively short time. He booked my train tickets and hotels and suggested some off the beaten track places he thought I would enjoy seeing. I heartily recommend staying at Tara Palace and by all means talk to Rameez.	
Jun 6 2009 	Tara Palace - good clean hotel in Old Delhi	I booked 2 nights at Tara Palace based on the recommendations from TripAdvisor and other sites. I was to arrive in the late evening and this was my first time in India, so I asked them to send a car to pick me up at the airport and sure enough, there was the guy with the sign (ny name just recognisable!) at the exit, which was reassuring. We drove through the Delhi night and arrived at the entrance to the alleyway where Tara Palace is located - the alley looks unwelcoming, if not actually dangerous, but the hotel is there. The staff were polite, spoke good English and got me to my room with a minimum of fuss - this was about 1am by now. The room was clean and quiet - no complaints. The window opened into a small gap between buildings, so there's no view to look out on but the aircon worked and there's a roof patio which offers a great view of Old Delhi.Breakfast is included - Western-style or Indian, as you prefer - and was perfectly OK. Tara Palace is very close to the Jama Masjid mosque and the Red Fort - there are great views of both from the roof. Old Delhi is what I'd imagined it to be - bustling, crowded, full of stimulating sights and sounds and, happily, almost entirely devoid of the tourist-oriented commercial hassle that spoils so many popular destinations. I met a few other guests while I was at the hotel and the locals in the area were generally polite and helpful, although you need to keep your eyes open when walking on the street because the traffic, especially the cycle rickshaws, doesn't follow the rules of the road that you might expect in a Western city!I used the internet PC that's located in the reception area of the hotel to check e-mail etc, although I found I couldn't upload from my USB device - a very minor drawback. On my last day at Tara Palace, I arranged to leave my luggage while I wandered around Old Delhi and at the end of the day, the hotel called a taxi to take me on to the airport.The hotel was reasonably priced and clean, the staff were helpful, the food was good and I had no cause to complain about anything. If you plan to stay there, you might do well to get taken there by car/taxi/coach rather than try to make your own way, as it's a little way off the main road through and you could walk right past the alleyway and not see the hotel sign. All in all, I would be happy to stay at Tara Palace again.	
May 29 2009 	An oasis of calm in Old Delhi	I stayed here twice, the first time was planned and the second was because I wanted to see more of Old Delhi. If you want to get to know Delhi properly it is your best choice - you will get up close and personal with it!I can see that the location could be a bit intimidating on first sight but the bicycle market is a fabulous place and the people are brilliant.The hotel was excellent. It's clean and comfortable, the staff are fabulous - they want to help and don't try to sell at all costs. The food was as good as any I tasted on my trip and the waiters were great guys.The front of house team were also first class - you can trust their travel desk to do the best for you and to give advice without expecting a sale.I'll be back, it's high on my list favourites!	
May 13 2009 	Hotel Tara Palace Review	This hotel was out of the way, in Old Delhi. I will admit to being a little bit sceptical at first, when the taxi driver drove to this place, and pointed down a dark alley to the entrance. Even though the location wasn't fantastic, the service was quite good. A couple of the guys spoke decent english, and communication wasnt too much of a problem. Being an Aussie, I asked for a couple of beers at 10.30pm when I arrived, and they supplied them no problem. The continental breakfast was adequate, but the resteraunt serves vegetarian only.The first morning, talked to a young bloke called Rameez, who organized tours around the city, and to Agra ( 5 hour drive away)Overall a decent, economical hotel. Don't expect much nightlife around. But it is good as a base to see the cities landmarks	
Apr 23 2009 	What a sweet clean deal loved the rooftop view!	First time to Delhi, so many surprises upon arrival.The last thing we wanted was a dirty scary hotel. Don't worry when you pull up and have to walk down a dark narrow street- it is back there. We LOVED Hotel Tara! Clean, quiet, good breakfast (included), nice shower, great rooftop view! We ( 2 women) woke up and walked around Old Delhi for an hour taking in the sights and ALL the people. Perfect hotel, especially for the price!!	
Apr 12 2009 	Budget hotel for those who don't mind that sort of thing.	We're a family of five (39,36,15, 9, and 7) and we booked this hotel based on the reviews here. Here's our take:This was our first trip to India and we decided to skip the tour groups and set it up ourselves. We booked Tara Palace online off of their website and the room was immediately charged in full on my credit card (We paid $35 per night per room). We booked 3 nights (the first 2 nights of our trip and the last night when we returned to Delhi). We booked a car and driver who picked us up from the airport but wasn't familiar with Tara Palace. After a phone call to a friend, we headed the hour drive from Indira Gandhi airport to the hotel. The hotel was called en route and porters helped us take our bags from the car and down the dark alley. OK. Let's talk about this alley a bit more. The hotel is situated in the &quot;old cycle market&quot; where vendors are selling their wares and tires hang from shopkeeper's hooks. Tara Palace has a large neon sign from their roof which can be seen from a mile away but when closer to the hotel, there's just a 4'x8' sign at the alley's entrance. Into the alley and you'll see closed shop doors and an old bar entrance called &quot;King Kong&quot; (no longer in business). The alley then does a quick left and right turn and after another 20 feet you'll get to the hotel's door. A friendly security guard opens the door for you and you're then into the tiny lobby.The lobby had a couch, a tv usually turned to the local cricket game, reception desk, and a free internet connected computer (this can be used in 15 minute increments and was always available which was nice as the hotel didn't have wifi). Check-in didn't take long and we were soon off to our rooms, numbers 205 and 204. The hotel has an elevator but usually we opted for the stairs as it was as quick. Now for the rooms. The first thing I noticed when I entered was the smell. The hotel must mitigate an insect problem with moth balls as the bathroom's sink and floor drain had a couple a piece. At first, keeping the bathroom door closed was fine enough (unless we wanted to use the bathroom), but after a while, I did something that I cautiously recommend. I flushed the moth balls down the toilet which got rid of the smell. Sorry, Tara Palace, that was me. Speaking of which, western toilets and TP were there and there was the ubiquitous spigot and bucket as well as a built-in toilet bidet thingy which never worked in any of the rooms. The shower needs to be run a couple minutes before getting hot and didn't have the best of water pressure. The floor is pretty much flat in the bathroom so expect to get most of the floor wet including area around the toilet. (There was also the bucket system available but since I was too embarrassed to ask the clerk how to do that, I dealt with wet floors). The beds were adequate. The basic white sheets with a scratchy fiber sheet on top. They were relatively clean (although one room had a visible stain set-in on it, they were washed at least). The mattresses are firm but we found that to be on par with the rest of the hotels we stayed in in India (from low-end to high-end hotels). There are no extra sheets or pillows supplied in the room either. The rooms had functioning air conditioners and ceiling fans which only work with the key inserted in the wall. We were in three rooms altogether 204 and 206 (and 216 instead of 204 on our return visit). If you get these rooms, don't expect a view from your window. To be more specific, don't book this hotel if you want a window to look out onto anything. One had a window in the bathroom which if opened would look into the hallway, the other looked into a small 4'x4' hole that went up to the roof. Also, the rooms have a dormer window over the room's door. In 205, this wasn't a problem for me as the room was L-shaped and the bed didn't have a view of the door. The other 2 rooms were square shaped and as such, the hall lights shone through the frosted glass and lit up the room. A free breakfast comes with the room (up to 2 per room, since we had 5 people, we were charged 99 rupees for the extra). Order the american breakfast which included a one egg omelet, toast with jelly, a small bowl of corn flakes with hot milk, and mango juice. Why, with all of these negatives, am I giving this hotel a high rating? The first is the price. Delhi's hotel prices are a bit higher than other cities and this was a good price for a clean hotel. The other part is its location. The morning after arriving in Delhi and spending a night in Tara Palace, we woke up around 5am and took a long walk around the area. We discovered that we were very close to Chandni Chowk (about 2 blocks away). The entrance to the Red Fort is about 5 blocks away. Jama Masjid was also within walking distance as well as countless other shops as well. Once we learned how close we were to Red Fort, autorickshaw drivers who weren't familiar with Tara palace had no problem taking us to Red Fort and then we would walk the short distance back to the hotel.Close restaurants within relative walking distance were Karim's, McDonald's and Moti Mahal (The last is recommended as it was a nice clean place that served delicious fare at reasonable prices).On our return to Delhi, we stayed one night at Tara Palace but our flight wasn't until 1am. We talked to reception and were allowed to stay in our room for half-price until 9pm.	
Jan 26 2009 	Old Delhi is a shock to the senses	We stayed at the Hotel Tara Palace on the first night of our 3 week holiday touring India.Old Delhi was a real shock to the senses for me... perhaps I was a little naive. The noise is deafening, constant hooting, animals all over the place no pavements and a great deal of rubbish all around.It would be fair to say that my heart dropped when I saw that our hotel was down a dark alleyway .... what had I done!The hotel however was very clean. The staff were helpful and courtious, and our room was large.Due to a cancelled flight we had to alter our booking at short notice, they were very willing to assist, care for our bags and advise us on travel plans.As we stayed in January when it was quite cold in the evening they supplied a fan heater. We had tv will plenty of channels, a large bathroom, a comfortable bed and I would say it was very good value for money.The walls were quite thin, so if you are a light sleeper I would recommend ear plugs!Breakfast was nice, and we also had supper on one night which was excellent. No alcohol served here.I didn't enjoy wandering around in the evening and there weren't really any nice restaurants around (McDonalds around the corner!)There is free internet for guests in the lobby.I would recommend this for people of a budget, but if you are not I would prefer to stay in Connaught Place as it is cleaner, and quite nice to wander around in the evening.Total nights staying at the hotel 2.	
Jan 12 2009 	great value near red fort	probably as good as you will find in the chaotic centre of old delhi .I&quot;ve been to india a few times so know what to expect and this hotel was certainly better than my hopes .Yes it is located in a run down area but this is truly the centre of old delhi . and the streets are buzzing with indian daily life All the facilities are clean,the rooms bright with adequate facilities the restaurant is fine the staff helpful. the price is a bargain for this standard of accom all in all a no brainer .I will recommend this to friends without hesitation	
Jan 6 2009 	Great value for money!	This has to be the best &quot;value for money&quot; hotel in Delhi. The location is great for the Red Fort and in the midst of Old Delhi. Take advantage of the complimentary airport pickup - it's good to have a driver who knows how to find the hotel as it is down an alleyway. We stayed at the hotel on two occasions and both rooms were clean and functional. The complimentary breakfast was basic, but given the price that you pay for the room (which included breakfast) it was fine.We would definately recommend this hotel to travellers to Delhi.Don't be put off by the entrance to the alley way - there's a gem of a hotel at the end!	
Dec 22 2008	nice place - location is tough	This place was very nice... clean with good serivces, warm shower etc... the price is a bit high. The location is tough in general (old Delhi) but the hotel certainly stands out as an oasis. It's a bit tricky to find so I would try to arrange a pick-up at the train or bus station or airport. Pretty close to the subway and Red Fort... might want try to avoid walking around in the early morning though (before sunrise)... depends what you're looking for but you will certainly see the 'old delhi side' of India	
Dec 11 2008 	Basic stay at the Tara	Well, we needed a place for a quick overnight after flying nearly 24 hours and then having a flight the next morning. The hotel was pretty average and the walls were pretty thin. The bed was relatively stiff but we were so tired after all that flying that it didn't really matter. For the price, it was not too bad. The alleyway was a little scary coming in late at night, but was much less so in the day light. The area where the hotel is located is a bit dirty, but you won't really escape that if you spend any time in Delhi! The breakfast that was included wasn't bad, either!	
Nov 25 2008 	Noisy as hell	Clean and an interesting location in the middle of a market but it is impossible to sleep.They have the tv blasting 24 hours a day downstairs at reception and you can hear it in the rooms.The other annoying thing is the lift buzzer.I went for breakfast on the first day and they had jugs of water. I said mineral water and pointed at the jug. The waiter said &quot;Yes&quot;. Then ten minutes later after I had drunk two glasses of water a bottle of mineral water turned up.Avoid unless desperate.They did arrange an airport pickup which was good.	
Nov 15 2008 	You could do worse	The Hotel Tara Palace was a decent cheap hotel, right in the heart of old Delhi and very close to the Red Fort and Jama Masjid. This was the first place we stayed in India and the surrounding area was a great crash course in Indian mess and chaos.The airport transfer we booked through the hotel was slow (it took about 2 hours before we even left the airport, we have no idea what the guy was doing) and overpriced. Next time we'd definitely skip it and taxi/auto rickshaw. Once we arrived at the hotel the driver even had the nerve to ask for a tip!The room itself was clean and quite nice, although quite light and noisy at night.The staff at the desk were friendly enough but very pushy and reminded us of used car salesmen. Every time we talked to them we felt as though we were being hustled in some way.Breakfast was average.	
Nov 2 2008 	Best in Old Delhi	I stayed here for a week in October, 2008. Pre-paid airport pickup was prompt and as promised. The hotel is wonderfully located, if Old Delhi is what you want. It sits at the end of a small alley that looks scary at first but once you get used to the ebb and flo of the area, you see that it is busy but safe. The hotel room was very clean. The included breakfasts were solid. The desk staff was excellent. Two negatives, both avoidable: you WILL get pressed for trips, etc. by hotel people. If you want to take them up on it, I'm sure they'll do a decent job. I wasn't interested, made that clear and they very quickly left me alone. Second, I had to leave a day early and the hotel refused to refund my last day's pre-paid payment. Suggestion: don't prepay, except the first night. All in a all a great very attractively priced clean and safe hotel in Old Delhi -- one of the few.	
Sep 26 2008 	Great hotel best choice in Delhi	For our first night in Delhi we chose this hotel after reading reviews and comparing different sites-we were very happy with our choice, very good and clean room, very good price,great location in Old Delhi, nice and helpful staff-never tried to sell us anything which is much appreciated in India... lovely breakftast, internet We were so happy that we chose it again later on our journey, I do recomment to stay here- it is a pity that is not recommended on the guides-I had the Rough GuideOf course Old Delhi streets are a bit shocking if it is your first time in India but we loved it and preferred to stay there and visit around and get lost in the alleys and the bazaar	
Sep 8 2008 	Okay Hotel	The staff at the hotel were very nice and willing to help us plan our trip and get us taxi's. The room was clean and quiet and the room service was decent. The air condtioner didn't work and the glass in our bathroom window was shattered, as well as some missing glass shards missing which made us nervous about mosquito's. As far as location goes, it is walking distance to the red fort and transportation is easy in Delhi. I would not stay here if I was not traveling with a man based on it's location in old delhi. We were told the area near coughnant place was a bit safer. Make sure you email and call your flight info to the hotel if you want to get the shuttle service. Looking back on our trip, it would have been worth it to pay more and get a nicer hotel to escape to after seeing Delhi. The place was pretty cheap, so I guess we got what we paid for.	
Sep 2 2008 	A little better than average	My weeklong stay at the Tara Palace was just alright. It also could be that I just didn't like Delhi in general and that jaded me toward the Tara Palace, but there were several things I didn't like about the hotel. But let me start with what I did like:-Airport pickup was great. No problems here. A little more expensive than a prepaid, but you can't really complain about that.-Hotel was clean. Rooms were made every day and soap/shampoo was replaced most days.-A good location. Near the Red Fort and Chawni Chowk metro. Some don't like the location in the middle of the dirty old city, but I didn't really mind.-Free breakfast! It's a nice breakfast, too.What I didn't like:-They seriously don't know how to make a bed. Someone needs to teach them. The sheet only covered my midsection and the blanket covered my feet. It was weird.-I always got the feeling they were trying to sell me things. Packages and such. Every I was asked where I was going. You could chalk this up to friendliness, but it seemed to have ulterior motives.-The guy who works the desk at night is a jerk. Not helpful at all and almost misleading. The first night I was there he told me I owed 100 rupees for using the computer for one hour. No where in Delhi charges more than 50 rupees an hour for the internet and he was clearly going to pocket the money I gave him. I didn't give him anything and told him to bill it to my room. I talked to other travelers in the hotel and they had similar negative experiences with him, also.All in all, the stay was just ok. I liked a lot of things about the hotel but didn't like some other things. I think that puts it about neutral, right?	
Aug 20 2008 	good hotel but location so so	Clean hotel, good service depending with who you're talking, but in a sketchy location. If it's your first stay in Delhi, you'll be surprised. Not too safe during the night if you wanna go out.	
Aug 16 2008 	Great place the other glowing reviews were accurate.	Pros:Perfectly Clean, and they seem to clean your room everyday (a plus in India it seems)Great Location - 5 minute walk to Red Fort, subway station, McDonalds, and ATMsVery helpful front deskQuiet insideNice construction for the price (white marble floors, etc.)Good free breakfast included (proper breakfast, not muffins and juice boxes)Cons:Neighborhood is very, very dirty, and very, very poor. It's really a bit horrible your first time. Much of Delhi is that way though. Conclusion:Our favorite of 4 hotels we used in India, and ironically the cheapest. Aside from the disgusting neighborhood, everything about it is great.	
Jul 27 2008	Clean hotel spotty service	The hotel is clean and comfortable and the staff are lovely. It's located in a small alley in the back of Old Delhi which may be a bit overwhelmng for a first-time visitor, but I found it to be one of the more interesting neighborhoods in Delhi.The service was inconsistent, which was a real let-down. I waited an hour at the airport for the prepaid pickup and when nobody arrived set out on my own. 2 hours, one taxi and one rickshaw later I finally located the hotel. Note that their booking confirmation forms have no address or phone number on them so write them down separately!The hotel solicited information about my plans then recommended a travel agent who turned out to offer very poor value. The first day he sent a driver in a non A/C car that rattled all over Delhi. I'd asked for hotels like Tara Palace and although I was charged similar rates, got some substandard hotels in Agra and Jaipur and a replacement driver who insisted on taking me to commissioned &quot;crafts shops&quot; despite the owner's insistence that they wouldn't. If Tara Palace is going to quiz their guests about plans then send them to a recommended travel agent, they should make sure the agent is delivering what he promised and value for money.	
Mar 1 2008 	Good clean and friendly hotel in Delhi	This hotel is new with spotlessly clean, spacious rooms and comfortable beds. The staff were exceptionally friendly, they bent over backwards to assist and the restaurant food was OK. Internet is available in rooms if you have a PC and the room and laundry service was good.There were insufficient blankets on the bed on arrival but more were secured from reception after a phone call. This seems to be common in India in that you are given one single top sheet and one single blanket for a queen sized bed. This happened several times in various places. The location was good and central as long as you didn’t mind going down an alley (probably better for groups or couples than solos). The Red Fort and metro only a short walk away.A very good hotel for the price and a great find in Delhi where many of the hotels are a disgrace, even if you pay much more.We would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 21 2008 	Service with a Smile	I arrived at by myself at night., and as a female was a little apprehensive. I was a little put off at first as it is tucked away down a lane in a not so welcoming part of Delhi. But upon entering I was given excellent, friendly warm service. The rest of our party of 14 arrvived over the next day and all received the same treatment. The rooms were clean and neat. The restaurant served tasty food and nothing was too much trouble. The rooftop terrace provide excellent views over the Red Fort. Perhaps if you were travelling solo(female) or first time to India, it is not ideal,but for couples, or groups it is fantastic. Would recommend. Internet access in the rooms plus cable TV, prompt 24 hour room service. Nearby is busy Chandi Chowk which in day is colourful and you can buy fresh fruit at markets. Nearby is Haldirans -great clean Indian fast food plus fantastic sweets! And if you must there is also a Mcdonalds nearby	
Jan 16 2008 	Warm and friendly Tara	Tara Palace was our first hotel in India and it was with some trepidation that we got off our coach in Old Delhi. The facade was not impressive - far from it; but the warmth began as soon as we walked in the door.The accommodation was clean and the staff could not have been more helpful. The small but friendly eating area was always open and it was a treat to wander in for our tea and toast early in the morning. Hot water was a bit dodgy at times, but staff were always willing to help us when we got into trouble.Drinks on the roof was also a treat. All in all, a really good quality three-star hotel.	
Jan 4 2008 	So-So Hotel	If what you are looking for is a clean room, then you will get what you are looking for here. This can be a difficult thing to find in many hotels in Delhi. Unfortunately, it is in a really bad neighborhood. But then again, unless you want to stay in a really expensive hotel in Delhi, it is going to be in a bad neighborhood. The location is good for some of the sightseeing. It is right across from the Red Fort and very close to some of the other sights, but don't expect to be able to wander around past sundown. The key thing for us was that it was clean. If your taxi driver insists on calling ahead to &quot;confirm&quot; your reservations, it is a scam. He will pretend to call and then tell you your room is double booked and try to divert you to another hotel where he gets a hefty commission. Insist on going to the hotel. Your room is still available. This is a common scam	
Dec 26 2007 	Budget Hotel TaraPalace "Nice Interior Helping staff great nearby Historical	Hotel was clean, with an impressive lobby,although the room was smallish, but had all the facilities there.The historic places near the hotel like Red Fort, Raj Ghat, Gurudwara Sheesh Ganj and many other places of Old Delhi are at walking distance form the hotel.Hotel staff was very friendly and supportive but the thing which was most useful for me was the internet connection the my room as I am a techie ;-) so cant live without it.I would like to visit this hotel again soon.	
Sep 25 2007 	Don't go here on first night in India!	This hotel was clean, however the experience of this hotel due to its location and the hotel staff was awful. This area of old delhi is massively crowded with men who stared with contemptuous disdain or who agressively hassled us for custom/tours you name it. If this is your first night in India after a long flight I'd recommend you stay in Connaught place or central Delhi. Certainly wouldn't recommend this hotel or area to a lone female - the amount of hassle and contempt you receive is not worth it and the area could well be dangerous at night. The hotel staff directed all comments to my (male) companion, even when I asked questions; the lobby was continually filled with around 10 men who sat about and gawked at my chest. Been to India several times before with no problems, was dressed conservatively, never had this sort of intimidation in a hotel. The hotel manager woke us up with a phone call at 7am on our first (and last) morning there demanding to know our plans for the day, then when we went out, followed us down the street agressively hawking various tours/deals. Later he told me he had to photograph me and got out a computer camera - when I asked why he became very agressive and threatening, and only backed down when my partner intervened. No other hotel during our stay in India requsted a photo of either of us. When we ordered room service there were four visits to our room - one to deliver the food, one to take the plates away, one to get the money and another for the change and to get a tip. Annoying.This hotel would probably be bearable after a few weeks acclimatising and developing a thick skin, but if you're going for a couple of weeks holiday I'd advise you to pick somewhere out of old delhi, and certainly not tara palace.	
Sep 25 2007 	furchtbar furchtbar furchtbar!!!!!		
Sep 25 2007 	très bon choix		
Nov 26 2009 	Basico pero bien		
Oct 7 2009 	A reserver absolument à Delhi		
Sep 12 2009	correct		
Aug 20 2009 	idéalement placé au coeur de delhi propre et bon marché		
Aug 6 2009 	Voyage au Rajasthan!!		
Oct 7 2008 	hôtel pas fiable du tout		
Aug 24 2008 	Un 10 !!		
Apr 2 2008 	au coeur de la vie grouillante du vieux Delhi		
Nov 20 2009 	Live upto the expectations	I stayed there in Jan'08 for a about 3 days after my marriage and before my Honeymoon in Goa. The stay was very comfortable and most amazing part was where Hotel allowed my uncle to dress entire room with flowers (something which management was little reluctant earlier).Room was clean and room service prompt. The size of room was quite good and bathroom was very clean and spacious too.	
Nov 18 2009 	NOTHING TO SHOUT ABOUT	over priced - US$144 twin room with an extra bed. / US$ 122 for a twin room.staff are friendly. breakfast is not bad. decent food ,both western and local.hotel is old. wifi is okay ,costly INR 200 per hour.overall ,i owuld be happier if i paid US$ 60 for the room.the tray charge came as a surprise.	
Oct 6 2009 	Hotel Vikram	Hotel Vikram offers all the facilites you want. They are though a ona littl eexpensive side.I guess, for the tariff that they charge, you could easily tak eosme other luxurious hotel. Theer isnt anythign special . Teh locations doe not have any major scenic locale, no views etc..The place aslo is hoem to a lot of unwanted people (read :Prositutes etc) .You might run into some drunk men also.The good thing is the breakfast that they give. its a buffet &amp; really lavish . N really yummy!	
Aug 11 2009 	good value clean hotel but...	I had stayed there for one night and had some good sleep. It costs me around USD100, include breakfast, so quite good value. Very clean but it has no air con in the washroom and it is very hot this time round (36C. The control over the air con in the room is not function but luckily it has a very pleasant ceiling fan. Happy with its size and cleaniness.However very unprofessional receptionist with dirty hands and uniform, no smile and it seems bothering her when checking in. Usually they will let you get out of the lift first and they will follow when showing you to the room but this receptionist pushed me a bit and she get out first, this is rude! Dont eat western food like carbonara as it never looks like one although it is a simple crusine, asian food looks and taste better. Be careful, they charge you 200 rupees for an hour internet usae which I think is outragoues.	
Jun 26 2009 	Felt myself like a Princess! :)	Hello! I traveled to India with my fiancé in April, 2009. To say I liked it is to say nothing! May be the part of my excitement was the fact that I finally made it to the country of my dreams. The Vikram Hotel is in 10 min drive to the Lotus Temple. What I really liked is that there was a Travel Agent working at the hotel who helped us to arrange our trip to Agra and all the sightseeing tours (just Hotel taxi driver, no English speaking guide) around Delhi. He also booked our airline tickets to Kochi, Kerala. (Just for your information, know that there are two airports in Delhi – for Domestic flights and for international flights. These two are located in 15 min drive apart from each other). Hotel personnel was polite and friendly, rooms were surprisingly clean. Was impressed with Restaurant food and service. Kingfisher beer is the best! ? Of course there are many other hotels in Delhi you can choose from. But for me Vikram was the best place during our stay in Delhi. No doubt, I will choose it again if we will ever travel to Delhi again.	
Jun 19 2009 	A hotel in Delhi	A decent and reasonably priced hotel in Delhi. Value for the money and the hotel is kept clean and maintained well. The staff are very cooperative and helpful. Very close to many business establishments and would suggest for people who do not want to spend more money on accommodation and want a good quality and comfortable stay in Delhi	
Jun 13 2009 	Good facility	Had travelled to Delhi with a group of about 30 people on a business trip and was in charge of all the logistics arrangements. Hotel Vikram was recommended by the travel agent and visited it before confirming the booking. The rooms are very clean, freshly done up and comfortable. Specifically choose a carpeted room especially in winters as the rates are the sameStayed there for 3 days with the entire group and didnt face a single complaint from the guests. The food at the in-house restaurant is good and so is the room service. Just that the swimming pool was under maintainance during our stay.Location is very accessible and at walkable distance from the popular Lajpat Nagar market.All in all a good choice and fair value for money.	
May 15 2009 	Best Location in Delhi	My friend told me about this hotel, it is value for money in everyway ie food,alchol,room etc so overall you dont end up spending much in the hotel.Quality of food is also vey good infact I had the best Indian food here.Staff is very helpful and best part is location its right next to all the bars, shopping and also work places.......	
May 2 2009 	Average property..	The staff was quick with check-in, but the floor lobbies &amp; rooms had old carpet, which smelled stale and bad. Plenty of hot running water (which leaked through the standup shower door onto the entire bathroom floor), but bed mattresses were old &amp; lumpy. The bathroom vent was woefully covered with plastic from the outside. The restaurant was decorated well which made it pleasing to the eye. The food on the a la carte menu was one of the hotel’s stronger points. Wouldn't recommend or stay here again	
Feb 4 2009 	Budget hotel for 2 nights	This is one of those hotels with the archetypal Indian doorman, complete with giant moustache and turban. A nice touch when you first arrive but that novelty wears off. Metal detectors were installed at the entrance, but don’t work. This set the standard for what was to come. The room was adequate though the immovable shower head was annoyingly weak, and being 6ft tall, I had to bend me knees in order to get under it. Being in the city, I can accept it being noisy in the night, but with the bathroom vent woefully covered with plastic from the outside, and pigeons coming and going, it wasn’t pleasant. The bed was saggy and the sheets had seen better days. The restaurant was decorated well which made it pleasing to the eye. The food on the a la carte menu was one of the hotel’s stronger points, with a fair selection at reasonable prices. The breakfast buffet was, in contrast, sparse and so could have done with more continental choices like pastries.There is no gym and the outdoor pool was closed in the winter season. For the 2 night stay we had, it was average, but I would be reluctant to stay there again, especially if it was any longer than 2 nights.	
Sep 20 2008 	Brown shower water honking horns	The hotel is located near the hospital I was intending to visit, near Nehru Place. The hotel has a small restaurant, there are taxis available, and the hotel itself is no beter or worse than your average US economy hotel. They have a little garden out front, and the restaurant is clean. I did not like the noise of the cars honking all night long (the hotel is near a major street). The hotel itself is quiet, but apparently doesn't have double hung windows or soundproofing. There was a jalousie window in the bathroom that opened directly out onto the street which also made the bathroom hot and noisy compared to the room. The water ran brown in the bathroom the last day and the water temperature was tempramental during my visit. I used the dry cleaning service and they *washed* my wool business dress, ruining it. I would stay this is a fine hotel for a budget tourist trip, but I wouldn't stay here on business. If you stay here, bring ear plugs.	
Mar 22 2008 	2 stars at best do not recommend	My Background: I am a frequent international business traveller (US, Europe, China &amp; India) and when on personal vacation, an adventure traveller (Europe, South America, Africa, APAC).Hotel Vikram Review:I would stay here if,- you are on a tight budget, looking for a below average hotel to stay- you are a local Indian business man, with non-western expectationsI wouldn't stay here if,- personal vacation in Delhi- business travel with western hotel expectations- with familyIn a nut shell, this hotel is 2 stars at best. Its safe, has AC (if it doesn't fail), clean bathroom and a comfortable bed. Its a very basic hotel. I recently travelled to Delhi for a trade show and stayed here because my local sales manager had booked us here. I had reserved a Luxury room, which is loosely defined. When I checked in, I asked for a non-smoking room, and was led to a room with a single bed (i.e. prison size bed). Apparently, all their non-smoking rooms have single beds - which is tucked away beside a wall that was fairly stained. I had immediately asked for another room with a double or queen size bed, but was told all rooms with larger beds are &quot;smoking&quot;. Since I was staying here for almost 5 nights, I wanted a decent size bed to sleep in so I braved the smoking room. It turned out to be ok, with no distinct smoking smell. The carpets in the room are quite old and worn, and not overly clean. The bed is comfortable, but the clean staff for some reason always wrap the comforter (the covering that never gets changed!) around the pillows, which makes the pillows not very appealing to sleep on. The sheets are well worn, and have stains that cannot be washed out. The rooms do not have ironing boards or an iron, so you have to dial room service to get one every morning - which usually takes 30-45 minutes to arrive (i think they must only have one and its shared among all the guests every morning!!). When it does arrive, the iron is from the 60's, and is basically a piece of metal with a handle and an electric cord. It does not steam, etc. like a modern iron. The ironing board is heavily yellow stained (like someone urinated on it). The bathroom is quite small but usable. My room in particular did not have running cold water in the sink. The shower has good water pressure. Half way through my stay, the motor of my room's AC died in the middle of the night, so I had to change room again (3 times in total within 5 days). Every room has wireless Internet, but the connection is quite slow. A week's worth of Internet is 1500 Rs, but if you put it from the front desk (instead of online), its a bit cheaper. The staff is generally friendly. The restaurant downstairs is not bad, although the breakfast is quite basic. By default, they serve you instant coffee, so you need to ask for &quot;black espresso&quot;, in which case they brew it from a machine. The Indian food in the restaurant is pretty good, as I ate there a few evenings after long days. Room service is efficient and quick. The hotel has a Tourist desk that can arrange tours to Taj Mahal. It'll cost you 4200 Rs to hire a private car and driver. A guide will cost another 500 Rs (which you paid to the guide directly). The drive to Agra/Taj Mahal is about 3-4 hours, so leave early (6am). Would I go back again? No. However, my expectations might be different than others, so if you are looking for a 2-star quality hotel, than Hotel Vikram is fine. But if you are a westerner travelling on company business, I would recommend you stick to a western chain hotel. The location of hotel is irrelevant as you have to take a cab everywhere anyway in Delhi generally. The noise level outside the hotel is pretty loud - I can always hear frequent car honks and dogs barking in my room, so if you are a light sleeper, you might have trouble sleeping.I hope this helps the next person make their choice. I paid 8500 Rs for my room. Hotels in Delhi are generally expensive due to lack of rooms and high demand. Bare in mind that price of a hotel room does not necessary reflect its quality like it normally does in North America or Europe.	
Dec 29 2007 	Reasonable value - we would go again	My family (2 Adults and 2 Children) stayed at the Vikram at the end of October 2007 for 10 days. Having previously been in India in 2002 and at the time, for what was then called the Marriott Hotel (its name has changed now- can't remember what) we paid £60 room only, we were now alarmed to find that an average room in a 5* hotel was £220+ per night. We therefore decided to go for a cheaper option, bearing in mind we could run into problems with this decision!!!However, we were pleased to find that the Vikram is a clean and friendly hotel. It is about a 20 minute taxi ride from the centre of Delhi (depending on traffic conditions). We negotiated Rs 10,000 per night for a luxury room including 2 extra beds and breakfast. In all honesty we have to say it equalled the 5* hotel we previously stayed in if you are a tourist. (In fact the luxury room was larger than the room we stayed at in the Marriott )If you are looking for a clean hotel in Delhi at a reasonable cost, then the Vikram is fine. In the UK it easily exceeds Travelodge, Premier Lodge etc. However - for room service the alcohol was expensive - especially wine!!!The swimming pool was dry in October and we are not sure when it will be refilled. If you are looking for a reasonable price, then we would have no hesitation in recommending the Vikram. Remember 4* in the UK isn't necessarily 4* in India - it is perfectly adequate.	
Sep 5 2007	Could do a lot worse	We spend a bit of time in Delhi on business and have stayed in a number of hotels. Whilst I agree that there are some problems with the hotel (yes the staff aren't very friendly) it feels much more homely than all others in the City. The snacks in the bar are terrific (try the chili chicken) and it's a great place for a quiet beer after a full on day in the hustle and bustle that is Delhi. There are some interesting walks around the hotel into what I presume to be fairly up market areas with their own common gardens and the market is mightily impressive (if you're into shopping).	
Apr 9 2007 	Expensive	We stayed in a superior room between 02 March and 07 March 2007. The room was spacious and stylishly furnished. Room service food was good and was also reasonably priced. The only problem though was that the front-desk staff was very unfriendly and very unhelpful. In addition, the location is not ideal. It is about a 30min drive by tuk-tuk to Connaught Place and the main shopping and tourist areas. Overall the hotel was ok, but we felt that it was not value for money and would probably not stay at this hotel in the future.	
Dec 17 2006 	Value for Money	I had a comfortable stay at the Vikram, Delhi. Hotel is situated in Lajpat Nagar, just off the Ring Road which is the main arterial road of Delhi, making it easier to travel around. Although the immediate surroundings doesn't have much to offer.The lobby is bit on the smaller side but adequate seating is available for it's size. Check-in was fast but not very friendly.Room was adequate in size for a hotel in this class. Bed was comfortable and TV had most of the cable channels. Bathroom was good. The window didn't offer much of a view.Breakfast was good and plentiful. Breakfast area was pretty neat and it also had a large Plasma display. Service was okay.Overall, a good experience though the hotel is more of 3 star class rather than 4 star as it claims to be.	
Nov 21 2006 	great for this price range	In Delhi you can either spend $200 plus for a luxury hotel, or take a risk at the lower ranges and hope for the best. We wanted the Ambassador which is very centrally located but they were booked, so we tried Hotel Alka- bad choice- don't stay there!!In the morning we packed our bags and went searching for something better and ended up at Hotel Vikram in Lajpat Nagar. It's about 20 min or so from Connaught, etc, but close to the Lotus Temple and other sites, and Greater Kailash which has great shopping and restaurants, as well as the Lajpat Nagar market which is very good, much better prices then downtown.The hotel has recently been refurbished so the carpets and rooms are new and very nice, and the bathroom was small but nicely done, even better than the Taj Mahal bathrooms. The staff was very kind and helpful and we were thrilled to find it after our terrible experience at Alka.Not good for wondering around outside, but good for a safe haven after an intense day in the city. It's clean, nice, and friendly, and not too far from the airport (always depending on traffic)	
Apr 21 2006	So so hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Vikram hotel twice during April 2006. It is described as a 4 star hotel but is no better than a very average 3 star hotel. The rooms were O.K. (television, air conditioning etc) but hot water was temperamental and twice I had to take a cold shower. Buffet breakfast was rather bland and the options limited. Hotel bar was small and pokey but the drinks and snacks were well priced. Check in was efficient but not very friendly. On the plus side the hotel was clean and safe and was conveniently located close to the Locus Temple, Qutb Minar and the South Extension Markets. Overall not a bad place to stay as long as you are not paying 4 star rates	
Jan 15 2006	OK	Room was clean and comfortable enough, but bathroom window had no screen and was covered by some sort of tarp from the outside! Neighborhood is not nice, not a place to be walking around. Service was adequate. Even though proximity to major tourist sites is good on the map, it took a long time to get to anything.	
Jan 9 2006	Go somewhere else.	Although rated as 4-star in India, this was definitely not a 4-star hotel. The staff was quick with check-in, but the floor lobbies &amp; rooms had old carpet, which smelled stale and bad. Plenty of hot running water (which leaked through the standup shower door onto the entire bathroom floor), but bed mattresses were old &amp; lumpy. Wouldn't recommend or stay here again.	
Jan 22 2005	Pristine refuge in the heart of Delhi	We recently spent three nights at the Hotel Vikram and had a wonderful time. Rooms were spotless and comfortable, an ideal refuge after a day of sightseeing -- furnishings were new and tasteful, shower and bathroom extraordinarily clean, and traffic noise minimal. Service was impeccable, from the front desk to the travel desk and hotel drivers to the very efficient room service. Breakfast was also quite good, with a good selection of continental and Indian specialities. Convenient location too. Great value, excellent hotel!	
Feb 10 2009 	Nettes Hotel sehr guter Service im Restaurant...		
Mar 12 2009	Pathetic Hotel	Hotel WELCOME PALACE IS A PATHETIC HOTEL..mR miglani owner of this hotel is a cheat..All commitments are false.Beware of this hotel.they are fraud	
Nov 13 2008 	The WRONG hotel welcome palace!	My buddy and I were working in Indonesia, and decided to take a weekend trip to see the Taj. He began researching places to stay, and came upon one online that looked great (hotelwelcomepalace.net). When he booked it, he accidentally went to hotelwelcomepalace.com, and we ended up here.When we arrived, weary from our flight and ordeal with customs around 3 am. We knew to expect to bargue for everything, but nothing would prepare us for this place. This place was very &quot;it's ok...&quot; about everything. For instance, we asked for a couple sealed bottles of water, and we got refilled bottles. &quot;It's OK...&quot; yeah, no can we please get some SEALED bottles... &quot;grumble....&quot;Being from the west, we were suspicious of them wanting to hold our passports, and I think they decided to get back at us for that. So they showed us to our room. Dirty walls, floors, bathroom was ok, but we were just like, well it's India, we will survive, just staying one night then off to Agra....We had to bargue to get ourselves an extra matress for the floor (my bud had asked for a room w/ two beds, we got a single queen haha). Finally, after we were situated and had just fallen asleep, they come banging on the door to move us to a different room. 3 or 4 floors up. In the middle of the night! TO AN EVEN DIRTIER NASTIER SMALLER ROOM!!!!! My friend and I looked at each other as soon as they left the room, and decided to not even try with this place. We just walked downstairs, told them to call us a cab and checked out of this worthless place.We ended up just splurging and staying at the Intercontinental! Much more expensive, but after this ordeal, the cleanliness and courtesy and amenities were worth the high price.Please, whatever you do, doublecheck your web address before you book!	
Oct 13 2008 	A distaster	This hotel is really very bad. I strongly reccomend to avoid it.	
Jun 30 2008 	Liked it	Was there in late evening. Our Id was asked at the hotel and then transfered to room after check in which was express and took 5min only.By the time welcome drink was served. After check in 2 bottles of mineral water was served with fruit basket to our room. We were hungry when we checked in the hotel so ordered the dinner which was served in 15min, &amp; we really enjoyed the food. Next day on asking hotel for sightseeing hotel arranged it for 3 days. Delhi Sight Seeing/ Agra same day tour &amp; shimla 2 days. We hired the cab from hotel at 7 Rs. km which was new santro. Hotel had free internet for there all guests staying.Hotel have just opened there Resturant which was upto 12 mindnite &amp; room service 24 hrs.Hotel had electric back up too. Staff was very very friendly &amp; obiedient. Over all liked it very much.	
Mar 25 2008 	Avoid at all costs!!	Please, please PLEASE do not stay at this hotel!! If you already made reservations, cancel them!!!I stayed here for two nights, but looking back I cannot believe I stayed there that long.The first room we were in was very dirty, had holes in the wall, and no windows! After inspecting the room further we found rat droppings on the nightstand and on the floor. We figured, whatever we are in india you just deal with it, but later on when the rat actually appeared from the wall we couldn't handle it anymore. We asked to be switched to a different room, after management made us feel stupid for asking such a ridiculous request. Our next room was nicer, but the bathroom had only a trickle of running water and the window overlooked a very noisy and highly used alleyway. The first night we were there, a musical performance went on all night outside of our window. We would have moved the next night to a different hotel but seeing as we got 2 hours of sleep the night before and had spent ALL day traveling to and from the Taj, we really just wanted to get to bed.I never took my socks off the whole time because the floors were so gross... in fact i threw them out before coming home. The management also changed our rates upon checking out. We had a pre booked rate from the manager of the hotel but when we checked out they added a bunch of taxes that we were never told of, even though our pre booked rate supposedly included all taxes.Please, do not stay here. There are plenty of other hotels in the area, and make sure to ask to see the room before you stay there!!!	
Dec 25 2007 	Avoid this place!	I join the opinion of the others - it was a horrible experience. The rooms were horrible. Staff was sooo rude! They also had organised airport transportation for us even though we didn't even talk abt that with them and then afterwards tried to charge us for that! The rooms were horrible soo dirty and disgusting, + only cold water etc. I also agree one who wrote that I don't think the rooms had ever been cleaned.. After one night in the morning one of the staff members is knocking our door and says that we need to change our room that it's booked to some other people. Excuse me?? Then this guy tells that the room that we had booked wasn't available when we arrived so we had a got better one..Yeah right! A better one can this get any worse even.. In the end we just left from the hotel and moved to another one. I do think that the best area to stay is Paharganj - there you can find much selection. It might be a messy area but it's located also perfectly. Easy access to metro.	
Nov 6 2007 	Disliked the attitude of the employees the most	We have just returned from a trip to new delhi. We stayed in this hotel for most of the time and had the worst experience there! When we first checked in, we asked for the exact pricing of the rooms and cabs etc... so that we don't get conned later on. We then arranged for a cab to take us to the train station the next day and a wake up call at 4:30 am. The next day, we wake up at 4:45 because there was no wake up call! When we finish pack up our things and go downstairs at the reception, we find that no taxi has been arranged! When we ask the manager, he tells us nothing has been written in the books! He then arranges a taxi for us and bills us Rs 750 for it instead of the Rs 500 that he told us before and says that he is giving the 'big' cab!When we returned from our trip from kanpur, we waited at the platform 12 of the train station for a person with a board with our names( this also was arranged earlier with the hotel) After waiting for 15 minutes and seeing that no one is coming, we decided to arrange for the cab ourselves and return to the hotel. Now on the day that we are returning ( i.e. checking out) the bill contains 1 taxi for the day at the train station together with parking costs etc... when we were not even provided this service from them! Then, for the cab to go to the airport he charges more than he agreed upon beforehand.Then, another thing i did not like at all in this hotel is the fact that the waiters keeps pestering us for giving them tips. When we first checked in, being all guys, we carried our luggage to our rooms ourselves, however, the waiters would just come to our rooms with towels, and i don't know for what reasons and stay there for long time waiting for their tips! One of them even asked me directly if we are going to give them something before going! That shocked me the most! A tip is given if you think that the service was good and it shows that we liked it, but these guys make it seem as if that the tip is compulsory whatever the type of service you get!Finally, i would not recommend anyone to go and stay in this hotel unless you like to be ripped off and conned! This place has its location as its only good point, the attitude of the people over there are just disgusting! The rooms are very badly maintained with no hot showers and badly done electrical installation!	
Nov 4 2007 	The worst you could get	Don't be fooled by the name of the Hotel... You would neither be welcomed properly... nor it is a Palace whatsoever... In fact, it's the total opposite...I don't know if the owner ever says anything true in his words... Everything you ask is &quot;OK&quot; but without any concrete actions... No wake up calls that has been confirmed on the eve by him...Cabs... lol, I could write a book about this part... Well, in brief... Cabs scheduled on the eve are nowhere to be found at the said time! Tadaaaaaa!!! The owner didn't write it in whatever book! And the price... once he knows you got no other choice than taking the cab he would propose because of time constraint, the price keeps on rising...The rooms are among the worsts I've ever seen... I've been to many hotels with the same budget or even less... but this one is one of a kind... The electric wiring seems so dangerous, just mere connections between wires... Beware, you could be electrified! The hot showers were never hot... even if you asked them to put the roof boiler on... I wonder if the bedsheets, glasses, bathroom are ever really cleaned...Well the only good thing in choosing this hotel is that it is near the Metro and the shopping area of Karol Bagh...But if I were you, and want value for money, I would avoid it at all costs!!!P.S. Beware of the lift also! It can close on your limbs!!! Better you climb up the stairs to your floor... You've been warned... ;)	
Nov 4 2007	Not satisfied with management	At first, the person at the desk appeared to be gentle. That was the first impression I personally had. Indeed the hotel was not bad but not very good neither.There is one pc connected to the internet which is an advantage. But unfortunately, it was not working one day..so couldn't really send some important emails.The rooms were ok for 2 persons. However, having a hot shower is a problem. It was pure luck to sometimes have hot water and sometimes not.The advantage of the hotel is that it is really near the metro stationand a street where we made a lot of shopping.Restaurants are very near too. But it can get really noisy at night.However, the service at reception was not really good and had a bad experience with them. No promised wakeup call, no cab in the morning and no cab at the train station. However, we were charged heavily for those..which unfortunately did somehow exceeded our budget.	
Nov 3 2007 	Disliked the crooked attitude of the management	We stayed in Hotel Welcome palace on the 25th-26th October 2007 and then, from 29th October till 1st November 2007.We asked the owner to give us a wake up call at 430 on the 26th and arrange for a cab @500. We had an early flight to catch. We also asked for a cab to pick us up from the train station on the 29th. TheHotel manager noted our requests. I asked him about the price for thecab, and it was Rs 500. The next morning, no wake up call, no cab waiting for us. There was a different person at the frontdesk and he said that the cab would cost Rs 750. When I protested, he said that ishould discuss with the other guy when am back. On the 29th, there was no cab waiting for us at the train station. We take a cab on our own, since none of the requests we had made earlier were not satisfied. When we arrive at the hotel, the manager says the driver is waiting for us at station.When I asked him for fare for a sight seeing trip, there was the basic Rs 2800 + additional fares for driver, which was not defined.On checking out, the bills were NOT what we had agreed on - the firstcab was 750 instead of the 500 he had promised. He claims that he gave us a big cab. He was charging for the cab that was never there plus he was charging Rs 850 for dropping us to the airport (compared to the 550 he had said earlier).On top of that, there was NO hot water for taking shower, when asked,front desk would say it would be activated in 10 mins - but alas, only vain promises. The bed sheets were not clean - looked like someone had been sleeping in those before. We were 2 in a room, but they consistently provided only one towel daily.You may stay at the hotel, but get all expected costs in writing fromthe beginning. Do NOT go by the manager's words, as he will findsome good excuse to charge you more - unless you have a lot of money to spare and do not really care about being cheated upon.	
Aug 26 2007 	OK room but sneaky Management	Recently we stayed at Hotel Welcome Palace at Gurudwara road. Few observations that others may find useful. Hotel is located near Karol Bagh shopping area. Some good food joints are near by. Considerable traffic outside, so it can get noisy in the room.1. Stayed at the Family suite, their most expensive offering. It's a nice, large room with two double beds, sitting area, TV with many channels, fridge, and attached bathroom. Room decor was good. Both AC units worked well. 2. Even though the room has a refrigerator, it works only when you deposit your room key in a key-holder. Once you remove the key from its holder to leave the room, electricity is automatically cut off. A warning in case you plan to keep perishables in the refrigerator.3. Bathroom is not well maintained. Some fixtures are missing. Towels are old and worn out. Hot water is available, but you have to call. 4. Hotel breakfast is terrible. We ordered the very basic: eggs, toast, butter, jam etc. They don't have a cafeteria; so they brought the food to our room. Presentation was poor. You are better off eating in nearby restaurants.5. I could not make local phone calls from the room. I called the front desk couple of times, but they couldn't fix it. For some reason, the outgoing calls are disabled at the front desk.6. Instead of providing honest and transparent service, the management seems keen to wring every rupee from their customers. I found this so irritating that next time I will take my business elsewhere. Some examples:---- We agreed for an amount so the hotel could arrange a vehicle to pick us up from the International airport. I knew the amount was excessive, but I agreed since we were reaching at night. The vehicle was in poor condition (busted wind shield, seat covers / interior in poor condition, non-existent shock absorbers). When checking out, I discovered that they had added parking fee, airport entry fee, night duty fee etc to the charge. These additional charges were removed when I protested. ---- The hotel website advertises complimentary breakfast. We ordered it on the first day. Found it terrible. In any case, the waiter asked me to sign off on a bill. As I suspected, it showed up in my hotel bill on the final day. I had to talk to their 'Director' to get the charges removed. He claimed ignorance when I asked why they charge for the complimentary breakfast. My guess is that they will charge and hope the customer pays. They will roll it back if you complain.---- On our first day, I had asked the hotel to arrange a AC car to take us around Delhi. Even though they charge a pretty good amount, they arrange lousy cars. On a hot / humid day, the AC barely worked. Car broke down several times during the day. It leaked coolant. When I asked the car driver to take us to the Humayun tomb, his response was that there wasn't much to see. My guess is that this hotel tries to arrange low quality cars so they can pay out less and make as much profit as possible. When I complained about quality of their cars, 'Director' apologized and tried to make amends by reducing the rental charge. Overall, our room was ok; but the management is sneaky. They seem unaware that in the age of Internet, they can gain / lose customers with a few mouse clicks. You are probably better off taking your business somewhere else.	
Aug 17 2007 	I think you have all been rating the wrong hotel	My fiance and I read these reviews, and thought, WOW, such amazing reviews, and so high in the Delhi hotels ranking, we cant go wrong for the price!!!!!But we did! For one thing, there are 2 Welcome palace hotels in Delhi, and the one in THIS review is the one we stayed in.We booked 3 nights in a double room with ensuit, for 800 rupees a night online. We turned up and were given a shoe box, with no AC, no towels, and no loo roll. (Apparently these 3 rooms are the ones advertised on the hostel and hotel websites for 800, but are actually used for staf to stay in) We were then expected to tip 3 bell boys who all jamp at the chance to grab our 2 rucksacks, to take up 1 flight of stairs to the room. Which we had to do, as they just hung around and waited for their tip.Around 5 mins later, another bell boy appeared knocking at the door bringing toilet roll, expecting a tip (i didnt know it was a luxury to expect loo roll?) We then decided for 800 rupees we should be in a better hotel with AC, but were tierd, so we upgraded. We were then shown every room in the property, ranging from our room being the worst, to 5 bed 'delux' rooms. we upgraded to AC, costing 1250 a night, and once again, we were expected to tip 2 bell boys for taking our rucksacks accross the landing. Later on in the evening, we had another knock from the same bell boy, bringing us a towel, and again, would not leave the room, and folded the towel twice waiting for a tip. This then continued for the rest of the stay, we would arrive back after a hot sweaty day of sightseeing, our room would not have been serviced, and after jumping in the shower, up to 4 knocks at the door till 9.30pm with porters bring various things, loo roll, soap, another towel??Its a pity, you get free internet, and the metro is close, and this whole area is much more peaceful than in town, with nice places to eat and shop, and to be fair, a little cheaper and we would have been happy, but they really need to sort out those porters, they made us feel terrible, sad eyed and dirty,. hanging around.We have now moved to another hotel.Stay here by all means, as the area has everything you need, but I would nip the bell boy issue in the bud before you even close your hotel room door!	
Jun 5 2007 	Best Stay we had!	I stayed at Welcome Palace for three nights in May with my Wife and eighteen year old daughter. The staff was very friendlier,polite &amp; attentive. We were on the First floor say the Executive Floor of the Hotel. Unlike some hotels there was not a hint of stuffiness or formality there. My daughter was very happy to be there &amp; felt as valued as my wife and I. Food was of our high standard, service without fault. The rooms are extremely comfortable, with great views. Best Part was it was near to all Shopping Areas &amp; Metro. Added to all the above a good location then I cannot think of a better place to stay in New Delhi.	
May 18 2007 	Just Fine	I stayed at the hotel at the beginning and end of my trip to India. After booking the hotel, I inquired as to whether or not they could arrange a full itinerary, which they did. I got all hotels (I specified), an air conditioned car and driver for 6 days, airport transfers and breakfasts for about $450 which was quite a bargain. They did a good job in setting it all up.The hotel is basic and as a one time Peace Corps volunteer, I found it met all my needs. The plumbing worked, as did the a/c. The bed was comfortable and there was cable tv. The staff was helpful and friendly and, while there was no restaurant, there was room service and breakfast was delivered to the room (included).The main drawback was the location which was not familiar to many rickshaw or taxi drivers, but I discovered that this lack of knowledge was true for all but the most famous places. The area was chaotic and noisy but the room was fairly quiet. One can walk to Conaught Place in about half an hour and the rail station is very near. At a daily rate of about $25, it was a good choice	
Apr 27 2007 	Good travel centre shame about the rat	We stayed here for 2 nights in April 2007. Generally the reception area was OK and the staff reasonably helpful. However, the sheets on the bed had already been slept in and there were some fairly unsavoury bugs in the bathroom. Breakfast was OK but took ages to come and you have to eat it in the lobby (which is where I saw the rat). However, the travel desk was excellent and arranged a car for the whole day to take us round to see the town. Unfortunately my friends had a bad experience in a taxi that was arranged by the travel desk but I guess they couldn't help that.Overall I would say that this hotel is acceptable if you are on a budget but I think I would try my luck somewhere else next time.	
Jan 12 2007 	wonderful relaxing place	stayed at this amazing place called welcome palace.. where everything is easy to get food, travel nice executive suite,any help any time. this is in heart of city, good shoppin place around mc donalds, sravan bahvan all good food joints and food of welcome palace rocks.. .. was there for vacations after very long and i think had wonderful time... vacations was fun like never before,,, all the best to welcome palace and their vry vry helpful employees . keep it up...Mili	
Nov 14 2006	Amazing Staff make this hotel excellent!	We just returned from a fabulous three weeks touring beautiful India where we spent a total of 5 nights at the Welcome Palace Hotel, divided into two different segments. The Welcome Palace staff made us feel like family each time we arrived, arranged for our transportation with flawless efficency, made sure we found the best restaurants and even took us shopping to their secret favorite shops. (And these wern't the tourist trap places) Their insight and friendly manner was so valuable. The hotel itself is clean and spacious.They provided ample hot water (once we figured out how to turn it on), bottled water to drink and the room service was very good. The shinning star here is the staff.....all wonderful, friendly and helpful. I'd recommend the Hotel Welcome Palace to anyone looking for an affordable, clean and friendly hotel to make your stay in India a five star experience.	
Jun 6 2009	Comfortable stay	if u wanna live in delhi close to the airport and closer to gurgaon then it is a good place to stay.....comfortable rooms.	
Oct 13 2008 	bad worst	hiThis hotel is quite close to airport but hotel is really bad, customer service is bad and they have no proper manner, not up to the standard not a 4 star hotel. hotel rooms are very bad. ho heater no proper AC. bathroom is really bad, very very small and dirty. they didn't bother to clean it. couldnot even open the window as the passer by can see inside. it ruined our honeymoon trip as we didn't expect delhi 4 star hotel to be like this not worth even star. food was bad. people in the hotel were bad and not friendly. did not fulfill our requirments even after asking them n number of times. this was the only hotel horrible in our honeymoon as rest of the hotel we booked turned out to be excellent.	
Aug 20 2007 	Try to find another hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights waiting for transfer to Cochin and by our travelagents mistake 2 nights more on the way back to Sweden. It was very run down, dirty bathrooms and with a sad looking staff working there. The descrition on the hotels website is far away from the true experience, be prepaired to be unable to sleep the nights you stay here. The hotel are built like a echo chamber, every little noise from the rooms or the reception (phones, staff make dishes/cleaning middle of the nigth) go straight into your room. There was bad smell in our rooms, no windows and very dark inside. Actually we felt ill from staying here, and felt better as soon as we had a possibilty to leave the hotel. As we staid during monsoon season we where worried that the roof should fall down, as huge amounts of water was pouring straight through the roof covering the eco chamber outside the rooms. So our advice: try to find another hotel in Delhi, the only favourible thing to say is that the hotel are very close to the airport, wich make it possible to make sure to be able to cach your departure even if the monsoon have hit Delhi badly (as it had upon our leaving).	
Apr 25 2007	A basic hotel	Delhi has gone haywire with hotel pricing, so what you could get for a small budget even a year ago can not be found today. The Westend Inn is a very basic hotel. It's generally clean, but make sure you get a renovated room on the side across from the pool. Some fixtures (like the soap dish in the bathroom) are broken, but the bed is comfortable, sheets are clean, the phone works, there's a tv, etc. Westerners should keep in mind that this is India, what you might get in the US is not going to be the case here-no bathtubs for example. The hotel staff speaks limited english (be prepared for that in in India in general) so if you want something complex, the only answer you'll get is yes, but you won't really get what you want. The wifi is a joke-it didn't work for the majority of the time we there, but then again this is an India issue in general. The rooms on the second floor have better wifi reception. The business center is not a business center and again internet only sometimes work. The westend inn is not as horrific as some other reviews make it out to be, but don't expect a 5 star experience, don't expect a US 3 star experience either for that matter either. And regarding mosquitos, you're in India, they are going to exist and if it's rained recently, they are going to be out in force. Don't open your windows and ask for the repellent plug in you see advertised all over India.The food is pretty decent here and cheap. Room service is not so great-food was terrible, but the buffet at the restaurant was good as were several of the other items we ordered off the menu. All in all, a decent experience.	
Mar 2 2007	Stay Away!	Very bad experience. Stay away. Hotel employees kept asking for tips and wouldn't leave the room until i've paid them. More specifically, I called the hotel desk to arrange a taxi to the airport because i thought a hotel arranged taxi would be more trustworthy. When i got to the airport, the Taxi driver asked for 300 Rs. I knew it should cost less than 150Rs to the domestic airport because i came from there the night before. I gave him 200 Rs. The next thing i heard is that the hotel charged an additional 300 Rs on my roommate 's bill when he checked out for this taxi service.	
Feb 17 2007	Favourable	I have recently returned from Delhi where I visited along with some 40 others as part of a cricket tour.Before leaving we were all alarmed at the reports on TripAdvisor.However after our stay of some 10 days the reports were generally unfair.Our party found the Hotel clean and well maintained (some building work is in porgress to part of the building) and the staff to be very courteous and helpful.The reports about airport noise are clearly wrong.The only downside is the location which is isolated from other facilities and involves an adventure in the Delhi traffic.	
Dec 23 2006 	Avoid if possible	Stayed here for one night en route back to the UK. I didn't pay for the room myself, but was aware of how much it cost. For the price, I have to say I was expecting a lot better.Start with the positives: room was spacious, and the marble floor gave a sense of luxury. Then the negatives: the furniture was a little bit worn, and somewhat dusty. The bathroom was very poor, the walls had patches of mildew and the fittings were covered in limescale. The toilet, even though it had the &quot;sanitary seal&quot; on it, had clearly not been cleaned with a toilet brush. The windows were covered in dust.However, the worst problem was the noise. The room overlooked a small internal courtyard that was being used as a &quot;utility&quot; area, and the staff were washing dishes late into the night. I put up with this, despite being woken up by the noise at 1230AM and about 115AM. When it happened again, at 230AM, I called the reception. The attitude of the duty manager (I think) was not helpful; he suggested that I was imagining things (I could see the pile of washed crockery out my window), and then said he was &quot;socked&quot; (sic) that this happened etc. At 230AM, with a flight to catch the next day, I came close to &quot;socking&quot; him myself :-) I saw him go down there, and things quietened down, but started again at 7AM.For what it's worth, a colleague stayed in the same hotel a few days earlier and found it fine. There are apparently &quot;old&quot; and &quot;new&quot; rooms, maybe I got the old rooms.	
Dec 11 2006 	Nightmare	Missed a flight out of Delhi airport and scrambled for a place to stay. Airport staff pronounced this &quot;Westin&quot; -- imagine my surprise! A true nightmare. I had to laugh that they called the room I got a &quot;super deluxe suite.&quot; The shower was made of three glass walls that joined with about an inch gap between them AND NO CAULK. A shower flooded the place entirely. Internet did not work. Guests were hoodlums. Food at the restaurant was abysmal. I'm pretty sure there were fleas in the bed. Took them 2h to send a car to the airport to get me, and every time I called they said it would be there in 5 minutes. Stay away!	
Oct 17 2006 	Worst Service Worst rooms Avoid at all costs	We stayed here because a travel agent booked us in saying it is a 4 star.1. Check in was pathetic, they always give a bad room first. They will change to better room after you complain.2. They will say no payment was made by travel agent; but that was not always the case &amp; makes your checkout longer.There seem to be preferential treatment to foreigners for some odd reason.	
Oct 12 2006	Fewer stars than you might expect!	We were part of a British group booked into this hotel for two nights while touring Delhi. This was a change from our original hotel itinerary in the Delhi area -- and it was somewhat disappointing. On the plus side, it is close to the airport. But in most regards it is not up to strong standards if you are looking for a four or five star hotel. This is two or three stars in Paris at best (and yet it is far from any tourist sites and shopping). The dining room food was adequate, although some in our group went hungry (not liking the few choices). Breafast selections especially were limited. The pool is fine and lovely in the afternoon, but sunset does bring mosquitoes (be sure to have and use your spray). The English language is a challenge for some of the staff, so communication can be humorous or frustrating. The property itself is not bad and has potential. However, some aspects of the rooms are rundown and needing more diligent and regular ongoing maintenance. The hotel is in three buildings. One has a lift, the other two (on two floors each) do not (just so you know). Overall, this hotel was a disappointing ending to our week in India -- our other hotels, in Agra and Jaipur, had been so very much nicer, cleaner, and better run.	
Apr 22 2006 	Nightmare. Avoid at all cost	I am an Indian living in the US. I am extremely patriotic and proud of India. But this is not about India, just a WARNING about this hotel.I was transiting via Delhi and had to spend the night. The airport counter recommended this hotel and gave me a ride to the place.- Check in went on well- Noticed a party going on in one of the rooms with loud music and over 50 guests and called the front desk if they knew about a party and when it would end. The sound was reverberating since the rooms were all facing an open center area and the volume was way up on the powerful sound system.- Response: &quot;No we don't, there is no party&quot;. (Hmm that's an odd response right?? )- By around 10:30 PM it was getting louder and the children were running around knocking on doors waking people up.- This triggered a whole bunch of guests (mostly people transiting and spending just the one night weary and tired) to come out of there rooms and complain.- Now the staff said they knew about a scheduled &quot;Reception party&quot; in one of the rooms and did not let people know during check in and that they cannot ask the people to reduce their noise &quot;since they were in their room&quot;.For crying out loud, there are over 50 people spilling out of the room, loud music reverberating and children running around knocking on all doors.Its very odd that a hotel would ignore all their guest for a party. It may very well be that they got a whole bunch of money for it, but shouldn't a hotel of this standard live up to it. The party went on till well over 2:00 AM. In spite of guests complaining and simply too tired from their travel do walk out of the hotel.Now don't even get me started on the service at &quot;breakfast&quot;, where there were over 8 staff helping around 10 guests, where two of them were ganging up on an American guest for taking a second cup of coffee. Apparently each time you take anything, they need to note it down and put it on your tab.Back at the airport, I asked the same counter which recommended this place and found that a lot of people have bad experience at this place and that they are forced to recommend this place since the owners are politically connected.Now i truly believe that all the &quot;Stars&quot; that this place may have or get, is all because of the political connections.	
Apr 22 2006	stay away	very run down, dirty and mosquito ridden - don't believe the non-smoking policy, there are no non-smoking rooms and they all smell of stale cigarettes. The front half of the attached building is collapsing, half demolished, looks like an earthquake zone. Definitely not 4* quality but if you can get a really, really cheap deal it's manageable for one night. Buffet was disorganized but OK. Yes it's close to airport but nothing else is.	
Nov 11 2005	Worse hotel experience in 20 years...	On the basis of description found on the web, I expected to have 2 relaxing nights in a hotel with small garden and swimming pool. In fact, the only positive facts about it are: (1) it is close to the Airport (indeed, you hear the planes) and (2) it has a swimming pool (which you may not need so much if your aim is to sleep...). In short, a collection of the worst imaginable:- doors are paper thin, and windows have single pane which, as the hotel is next to a major highway, means constant traffic noise, and full 'perception' of hotel noises as well - in fact, we did not sleep for more than 50% of the nights we spent there...- staff is at best strange, usually fully dismal: receptionist not really speaking English (understands AM for PM and therefore your airport pickup is not there, for instance) - also loving to wash the floor and clean the rooms in the middle of night, preferably making as much noise as possible in the process, and speaking really loud, so you have no chance to sleep- sub-optimal food- particularly gloomy court for dinner and breakfast- not-so-clean bathrooms- no customer service and attention,- and the cherry on the pie: our second night, a drilling rig was operating (a large one, to dig a deep well) just 10m from our bedroom - at 8pm I called: 'will stop in 5 minutes', at 8:30 'will stop in 1 minute', at 9 I called the manager, at 9:15 I went to fetch the manager myself and drag him literally to the rig, at 9:15 I had to bring the manager again, and finally at 9:30 the rig stopped operating...the staff that said 'it will stop in xx minutes' not only did nothing, but did not even check - they just replied this to keep us 'happy' -in short, I did not believe it could get that bad, particularly at that price. STAY AWAY BY ALL MEANS!	
Mar 28 2005	Stay Away	The tour company I used booked me here for my first night in Delhi. I was appalled. There were mosquitos in the lobby, and the entire place looked like it was falling apart. The walls were stained, the pool had no water in it, and the bedsheets were visibly dirty. The towels were gray, there was no shower curtain (though the curtain rings were still hanging), and I felt it necessary to shower in flip-flops. The only bright spot was the inexpensive internet access that allowed me to look up alternatives for my return to Delhi later in the week.	
Feb 22 2007	Sehr schlechtes Hotel!		
Nov 18 2008 	Clean and worth considering	we booked up at the White House through Colourful Indian holidays as part of a round trip in Northern India. They chose the hotel and we looked it up and it seemed fine. It was very respectable inside. Bedrooms were air conditioned and spacious and bathrooms well equipped. Our room at the front was a wee bit noisy especially as fireworks were going off for Diwali and the stray dogs were barking but very little traffic. the area is not all that selubrious but the restaurant on the roof had quite a good selection so you did not need to venture out in the evening. One hic up we arranged to stay the night on our return and they denied knowlewdge of our booking - left us waiting wondering what was going on then asid it was £7 DEARER THAN QUOTED All seemed a little strange.So good value but I would be cautious if you book in advance - their knowledge of english is not great	
Sep 7 2008 	Clean 	I would rate this hotel as average-good in terms of cleanliness &amp; food.Location is ok, and was good for access to Karol Bagh/Connaught Place during the day but as a lone travelling female did not feel overly safe in the evening, though think this would apply to other hotels in the capital anyway.I too booked a pre-arranged taxi from the airport which did not turn up &amp; had to haggle on my own at 02.00am so would not rely on this selling point.On my first am, going down to reception for a stroll of the local area I was told a taxi had been arranged for me to arrange a tour of the city. Altough annoyed at first that they'd arramegd my own time I went along with it &amp; would actually reccommend this if you have free time as I negotiated a reasonable price for 1.5 day tour of all the main tourist points in Dehli old &amp; new town in an a/c car and although stopped off at a cple of shops over the 2 days found this not to be an uncommon situation when getting transport in India.I would also be aware/take all booking details with you as I was charged slightly more than I booked for.However Overall I would reccommend this hotel as long as you are wary on prices/booking arrangements.	
Mar 29 2008 	Problematic	I used this hotel to overnight between international and national flights.Website said they had Hotel pickup. I had to call to confirm and then they tried to charge me for it.The trip to national airport was double the usual cost.They said they would exchange money at 39rs/dollar..the then current rate. in the morning . I was in a time crunch and believed them. When it came time to exchange money the rate was 37rs/dollar.The rooms had peeling walls and some mold..They were clearly dishonest in their advertising and behavior. I am sure there are worse hotels in New Delhi, but for the price and the conduct of these people I would strongly recommend you go elsewhere. (I paid $70 US)	
Feb 9 2008 	touch above the average	Travelling from UK,we used this hotel(on the fringe of Carole Bagah mkt) twice-at the beginning and end of our india tour for one night on each occasion. The double room was quite generous and , situated to the rear of the building, not overly affected by street noise.However, since the hotel finish was predominately marble, including the floors, we did suffer from some in-house disturbance where the occupants above insisted on dragging the furniture around the floor for some reason with the resulting clangour a mite irritating. All aspects were Clean Clean Clean and this is why, after reading some reviews of what can be had in Delhi, we gave 4/5. Rooftop restaurant was quite enjoyable although slightly restricted menu-wise. The food was fresh though and the service friendly. A hotel that delivered all that we needed and we would use it again because it throws up no horrors and avoids the lottery of selecting an alternative.NB this hotel selected for us by our tour operators-&quot;COLOURFUL INDIAN HOLIDAYS aka PACKAGE TOURS INDIA -if you want the seeming contradiction of a fully superior service with huge savings while touring India, take our unreserved recommendation. Superb throughout.	
Aug 27 2007 	Be careful	Stayed here for a week although went on a tour for 3 days.I had arranged an airport pick up direct with the hotel via email but no-one was there to meet me on arrival at the airport,so had to haggle a price with a taxi to get me to the hotel at 2.00 in the morning.On arrival at the hotel was told that there was a fault with the electricity in my room and would have to stay at another hotel round the corner,which was a hovel-the fridge constantly buzzed and when I thought of pulling the plug to shut it up-on seeing the wires(without plug)fed directly into the socket,I thought better not to.The next morning when I finally checked in to my room,my initial impressions were that it was cleaner and generally in better state of repair than the one the previous night but it left a lot to be desired.Rooms are noisy and hot water is limited.Breakfast is basic but ok.Don't change money in the hotel.You'll get a very poor rate and it is not official, ie no encashment certificate and straight out of the receptionists pocket.Karol Bagh area looks dodgy but is quite safe as long as you take basic precautions.Only really used hotel as a base to sleep as there's not much else to do.Not far to connaught place by taxi/rickshaw.For the money you could find somewhere much better.	
Jul 17 2007 	Okay Stay But Ripped Off	We had 2 stays in this hotel in Feb 2007....2 nights when we first arrived in Delhi and one night on our return from touring Northern India.It was booked for us through a tour group we used to organise a tour of India. Location-wise, it is not bad. Its not far from the shopping district of Karol Bagh. There is an internet cafe/phone booth just down the road. There is a small shop next door to the hotel from where you can buy bottled water and snacks.Our first stay was okay. We found the rooms to be moderately clean. The rooms didn't have any windows and the air conditioner didn't work, thus the room got stuffy. The bathroom was alright, if a bit on the shabby side.Through the night, we heard the incessant beeping that is synonymous with India's roads. There was also endless barking of stray dogs. Ask for a room on the side not facing the road - it will be much quieter. Also ask for one of the end rooms - they have small windows which will help with the stuffiness issue.The food in the &quot;rooftop&quot; restaurant is nothing to write home about. I was a little hesitant eating here as it didn't look very clean. There isn't much lighting there during the night - possible to hide the stains on the tablecloths.For our return stay we had booked 3 rooms for 3 nights (we were 3 couples travelling together). But when we arrived, we were told that one of the rooms had been &quot;cancelled&quot; by us. We ended up sleeping 3 people to a room. The next day, we got our tour group to organise another hotel for us, which was closer to Connaught Place.An okay place to stay if its a short stay and you are on a budget.	
May 13 2007 	Very bad experience	I checked in this hotel with my daughter and wife on 30th April night for 3-days. The 1st thing which was very shoking to us was the condition of the bed. The bed sheets and pillow covers were full of stain and were of lowest quality. On our complain the staff brought the new bed sheets. They were equally bad. Major drawbacks of this hotel what I have noticed are:1. Location is at a market place. Surrounding area is dirty and full of people2. Hotel rooms are stuffy3. Hotel itself is cramped. No space even for taking a stroll leisurely4. Breakfast is not at all worth for money5. Staffs are not friendly. If you are not careful cheating will be the inevitable experience in this hotelMy good advise to any fellow traveler, especially foreighners, to avoid this hotel entirely.	
Nov 10 2006 	Rip off artists	We booked directly with the hotel in September 2006 for a one night stay in October and a three night stay in November. As we were staying four nights, we were offered two free pick ups from the airport. We provided our credit card details as security.When we arrived at the hotel in October, we were asked to pay for the pickup. The bills was different to the agreed rate - the receptionist tried to charge us more - fortunately we had copies of our correspondence with us. We asked for two club rooms and were given standard rooms and charged club prices. We were given very noisy rooms overlooking the street.Despite this, we confirmed our bookings before we left for November as we did not at that date, want to go to the trouble of finding another hotel.The day we were due to check in, we called the hotel to confirm our pickup form the airport. We were told that our reservations had been cancelled as we had not provided confirmation - I don't see how this can be as we confirmed in person and wathced the receptionist write down our requirements in their reservations book. We were left in a lurch as there were virtually no hotel rooms left that night in Delhi due to a medical conference. Do not book with the White House - the reservation policy cannot be relied upon at all and they do not appear to honour their own pricing policy for their rooms.	
Mar 18 2008 	Acceuil pas sympathique !!		
Mar 11 2007 	hotel correct et bien situé		
Nov 20 2009 	Best beds in India	I am not a fan of Delhi, in fact the Hyatt is the best thing there. Wonderful comfortable beds, great bathroom amenities (the lavendar bubble bath is lovely). Great service, fast internet, reasonable location for the airport. Delhi can be very smelly, and quite dirty, the Hyatt is a welcome respite from it. There is a pool but I've never gone out to it, the air is to vile! Great spa and fairly priced, excellent jet lag massage	
Nov 19 2009 	Very good 5-star hotel	I stayed in this Hyatt in new Delhi for 4 days. I arrived early in the morning (7.00 am) and the staff immediately arranged me in my room without any additional charge. My room was in the 8th floor, big enough, with fine decoration, flat screen TV, coffee maker, mini bar etc. The bathroom, however, was small, with old fashion furniture, in need of renovation. Nevertheless, my stay was fine and relaxing. The lobby area was really impressive! The hotel has several restaurants (international, chinese, east Asian, Indian) as well as a beautiful bar with live music in the evenings. Breakfast was very good, with a lot of items, and with live cooking stations. I had a dinner in the East Asian restaurant: very very good, althought pricey. Also, I had a dinner in the &quot;Aangan&quot; Indian restaurant, located in the lobby floor: the quality of food was excellent, the service too, and the live indian band playing traditional indian music was fantastic. Finally, there was a gym and fitness center with sauna, jaccuzzi, outdoor swimming pool etc, all of high quality and beauty. All the staff in every department of the hotel was extremely helpful and polite, always with a smile. All in all, a memorable, luxury and relaxing stay!	
Oct 8 2009 	Very nice but not the best	We stayed two nights here and I would first commend the service at this hotel. The staff were alert, attentive and courteous at all hours day and night, even if my appearance was a bit disheveled after the 15hr flight from Chicago! I dined at the Cafe and the Italian restaurant, and the quality of food was very good at both - the cafe in particular had a wonderful selection of breakfast items and an open kitchen where you could see the chefs at work or make special requests. I stayed in a standard king room, which was quite small - a mirror lined one full wall to create an illusion of space. The bed was fairly comfortable but not impressively so. There were fine complimentary chocolate truffles by the bar and a large LCD TV on the wall across from the bed. The bathroom was also nice with lavender scented amenities, which were ok. I was a little annoyed that the bathrobe had not been washed from the previous guest, but there was a spare in the closet. Overall, this was a fine 5 star hotel but I have stayed at other 5 star hotels in India that were about the same price but which felt a lot more luxurious than this one.	
Sep 27 2009 	Business Hotel	We travelled to this hotel with Cox and Kings as part of a package, this was the first hotel we stayed in, the hotel is what I would call a business class hotel, it offers a high level of service, but at a price! The room was nothing special, it did smell a bit musty, large television and decent channels, we ate in the Aangan resturant each night and the service and food was excellent, although very costly. As an indication when we did visit the bar (Polo Lounge) 650ml of Stella cost 800 rps. Overall we liked the hotel, but compared to others on the trip it was extremely expensive.	
Sep 25 2009 	Good Bssiness Hotel	Great place to stay. I was only there for one night before while retrning from US to Banglore, but it's a beautiful place. The lobby is huge, three restaurants, a bar, a mini-golf course in the back, nice pool, very safe, rooms were huge and very comfortable, staff was very friendly.	
Sep 23 2009 	Excellent Service.	I stayed in the executive floor for over two weeks, and can say that I had a great stay.The lounge staff are very friendly and efficient. The airport transfers were very smooth. As someone stated the hotel looks drab from the outside, and there isn't much to see or do within walking distance.The rooms aren't the biggest. The water pressure from the shower was poor. My biggest complaint would have to be the internet. It was painfully slow, and the connection would drop far too much.	
Sep 19 2009 	Quality hotel with very friendly staff	This hotel looks a bit gloomy from the outside, but I found both my room and the facilities to be top notch. The Hyatt website allows you to book all kinds of things through it, ranging from airport transportation, spa treatments to a restaurant table. I found this a very handy feature.I had booked a King Executive room, which included airport transportation. It was efficient enough, but in my experience the pickup by other hotels is a bit friendlier, offering you cold water and even a cold towel. Check in at executive level very efficient and friendly, and generally the staff couldn't do enough to accommodate you. I had an early flight the next day, but they arranged breakfast to be set out for me in the Club even though breakfast would open not for another hour. Restaurants: I can really recommend the China Kitchen, it's an experience with friendly staff and in a lovely setting.	
Sep 14 2009 	Serious comfort"	Beautiful lux rooms to wash away the hectic Delhi circus~The buffet breakfast is one of the best I have had.I am confused as to why other travelers say it is not up to Hyatt standards, I just returned from a lovely stay at the Hyatt in San Francisco, and while perfectly adequate, the Hyatt in New Delhi is light years better...Stay there.	
Aug 29 2009 	Absolutely unacceptable	Was on a 2 week trip to India and wanted to finish my vacation in a nice hotel. Therefore stayed here for 2 nights in late August 2009. I found this hotel to be absolutely unacceptable for this price. It looked as if it is not Hyatt Regency. The carpets in the corridors and the furniture in the rooms were completely outworn. The check-in process was not good. We were a group of 3 people. One of us got a room with 2 twin beds and two of us - a room with one king bed, contrary to what was booked. In one of the rooms, water was flowing from the walls. So trust me - do not stay at Hyatt in Delhi, because it's truly not a Hyatt. Better chose Leela Kempinski at which I also stayed and which (although not ideal) offers much more for the same price. Hyatt in Delhi is some sort of Soviet type of hotel.	
Aug 17 2009 	over priced	I have booked through Jet airways website under the Hotel booking section as it was offering competitive rather cheap rates in the club floor. Check inn was at the club level special desk and it was smooth. The club lounge is basic and simple and attendants are always attentive and overly curious. The breakfast at the club lounge was very basic English breakfast. Rooms are clean and soft bed with wider option of pillows.The best part of the hotel is its restaurants and room dining. Variety of options and the Italian one is a must try. Over all good experience	
Aug 9 2009 	Terrible Hotel Avoid at any cost while you are in Delhi	Probably the worst stay ever in any hotel in India, I arrived after a long flight from London in the afternoon and after the massage went stright to a meeting and when returned in the evening called the Reception to advice the Air conditioning is not working. The technician came and checked and advised there is nothing wrong with it, it will be cool soon. the whole night the temp didnt go below 25degrees centrigrade. As this wasnt enough, although I had put a Privacy sign outside, the Housekeeping kept knocking the door at 9am asking it to be cleaned.Again I called the A/C guy to fix the air conditioning before going out in the afternoon&gt; having being told its been fixed I foolisly accepted, the room was hot once again for the whole night againand hence no sleep for two days, I only go to the hotels to rest and have a good night sleep, both night with temp over 25 degrees in the room I couldnt sleepOn Saturday I had dinner at the china place, the food was good but the champagne i ordered was flat, Restaurant mananger duly changed the bottle which turned to be flat again. He offered another one and by that time my patience was running out suprise surprise it was flat too, I just signed the bill and left leaving most of the champange in the bottle. Did I get offered apology or written off the charge, no way. its not the staff fault, I guess its my fault accepting to stay at your hotel for the first timeOn check out when asked how was the stay and when I explained an apology was duly given but apology doesnt give back the sleep which i didnt have for two days and fix the temp in the room and remove the frustration of the dinner without a decent glass of champagne which I was going to enjoy with my wife. The receptionist suggested to take off the spa charges as compensation which i refused as there was nothing wrong with the spa what was wrong is the charges for the room for two night and the bottle of champagne which should have never been charged as Hotel failed to provide the room at decent temp to sleep and still charged for the champagne which was flatThe receptionist promised to speak to the Rooms division Manager and the GM and lets see if they respond. I have been in the hotel business for the last 38 years and this stay in so called 5 star hotel takes the biscuit.Probably the worst hotel stay I ever had in India which prides itself with good hotels and great service which this hotel failed and should never be a HYATT as it doesnt deserve to me more than a 3 star hotelAshok UmmatCEO Brook Hotels Ltd	
Aug 4 2009 	Owesome services	The services of Hotel is supreme, one of the best in Delhi for sure.Interiors, exteriors, all are royal with luxurious comfort.	
Jul 23 2009 	Absolutely Loved it	My two daughters and I stayed on night at the Hyatt. The staff was very helpful, proffesional and courteous. Ambience and decor was perfect. Our rooms were clean, large, beds and pillows were very comfortable. Has a gym and pool for use. Morning breakfast which is included in the price, was out of the world. Indian, Continental, Asian, fresh fruits and juices and salads all comprised of this breakfast/brunch. Servers were very welcoming.	
Jun 11 2009 	Very FriendlyCool 	Very Friendly,Cool &amp; Calm.A great atmosphare for business review with pure mental &amp; personal satisfaction at the end of the day..Foods &amp; Room were excellent.	
Jun 10 2009 	I was stayed on 18th of Aprli 	was stayed on 18th of Aprli &amp; it was a great experience to be there.	
Jun 7 2009 	Was disappointed - might try the Meridien in Delhi next time!	After a wonderful stay at the Le Meridien in Mumbai - I was expecting the same or more at the Hyatt in Delhi....it wasn't to be.....I was shown to my room to check in - but upon arrival I smelt a &quot;funny smell&quot; - which I relayed to the check-in lady - she said she'd send house keeping to freshen up the room. The actual room itself was spacious and newly decorated....however after checking in - I noticed an ash tray...which explained the smell - I called receiption striaght away - as I'm a non smoker - I asked to change rooms - as the smell would not just disappear!! As I had to rush out to dinner - they moved my bags and room for me - so upon my return - I was in a new room - with a view of the pool.....but the room was older - and as not as plush as the first one - was very disappointed - but couldn't be bothered to move again!!The breakfast in the morning was not as good as the Meridien - I struggled to find anything I wanted to eat and settled for pancakes instead.The lobby area isn't very comfortable - and nobody attends to you - I didn't really enjoy this hotel as it wasn't as &quot;cozy&quot; as the meridien and as a solo traveller - this was what I needed.The business room was ridiculous - it was more like an &quot;interview&quot; room - and they wanted 1,000 rupees for an hour - to sit at what looked like somebody's desk???I won't be coming back - I'd rather try another Meridien!!	
Jun 4 2009 	Loved the Food	We Visited there for Dinner &amp; Stayed in one room for one Room also.......It was Excellent stay for our Friends &amp; Management is too Co-operative &amp; Cleanliness in Hotel is No. 1....	
Jun 4 2009 	Good One	Good Hotel, Value for Money	
Jun 3 2009	Wonderful service	Excellent service	
Jun 2 2009 	Just the right one	This hotel is value for money and is a perfect location if you have business meetings in the centre of New Delhi. The restaurants in the hotel are excellent and specially the Italian restaurant is outstanding.	
May 29 2009 	romance	best hotel i have ever been to, nice staff and nice service, everything was perfect with very helping staff. quality of food was also very good, such a delicious food i haven't eaten in my whole life. i liked the service most.	
May 28 2009 	Great for Business Awesome Food	The Huge facade is one of the most recognizable structures of Delhi and located in one of the busy business districts. Palatial lobby and extremely efficeint service. Standard Rooms though feel a bit cramped for space. Multiple choice of good restaurents. Tried out the China Kitchen .Food and ambience were excellent.	
May 20 2009 	Well located property	Very well located business hotel. central and not far from the business districts and the airport. good service. the italian restaurant was exceptional.	
May 4 2009 	Excellent Service	I had booked a standard room for a day when I travelled to Delhi for a meeting.pros:1.Room was kept ready and the check-in time didnt take more than 5 minutes.2.Room was very clean and upto 5 star stds.3.Quite a selection of cuisines to offer both through room service as well as restaurants.4.The included breakfast was excellent.cons:1.Nothing much, The room temperature was too warm requested for correction about it and didnt bother to follow up as was tired after a long flight.2.Cost.3.No airport pick and drop service was provided	
May 4 2009 	Loved it!!!!	The hotel is in the real sense a complete hotel. It has everything that a buisness traveller needs. The Comfort level was too good and the staff were friendly enough to give you an unforgetable experience.	
May 3 2009 	Nice stay	I stayed here for a day for a business trip. As i expected rooms were luxurious with beautiful pool view. hotel provides excellent food. Hotel staff was very courteous and friendly.	
Apr 29 2009 	Surprising Renovation	Went to stay for 1 night for my Business purpose. It is a luxurious property, and I was looking for some Luxurious treatment, to unwind after my gruelling Meetings. However, I was dissapointed in some rspect. Firtsly, There was NO Bathtub in the room!!!!!! On top of that, there was no cover for the Shower area, which left the whole bathroom wet. In the spa, I tried to book a female massuer for the next day afternoon, and she was booked for the whole day till lare evening!!!!!! Surprising.I did complain for the above at the time of C/o, but no one got back to me.Even then, I do lik the overall experience, most of all excellent Staff Quality.	
Apr 27 2009 	Not a good 4 Star hotel	When compared to the other Hyatt Regency in India, this ranks the worst. The room is smaller than the otherRegencies . This is my second stay in 8 days. My club room has a toilet that flushes badly. I pity the cleaner when he goes around doing his work later today. I am going to stay in Le Meridien next week.	
Apr 26 2009 	Outstanding wish more hotels were like this one	We took our children to India so that they know their heritage. Booked three rooms at Hyatt and from the time we arrived in lobby we were treated well beyond expectation. Rooms though smaller but beautiful and luxurious. THe restaurants service was excellent and food was made to order for kids and for us.. I will go there again when I get a chance. Front office , checkin and regency clun staff is wonderful.	
Apr 23 2009 	for people with higher budget	excellent five star hotel with notable ambience. overpriced, food good but highly overpriced. breakfast thopugh overpriced but worth that much	
Apr 21 2009 	Great Staff at Nice Hotel	This was the only five star hotel that my husband and I stayed at while traveling around India. We stayed for two nights over a weekend in April. This hotel is spotless. Everything is extemely clean and spotless throughout the hotel. What I enjoyed most about the hotel was the breakfast. Breakfast was included with our room. It was a large buffet that had Indian, and Continental food. The servers were also very attentative and there was never a wait for seat. The dining area itself is large and open aired. I would recommend getting breakfast included. As for other hotel amenities there was a nice clean pool. We sat by the pool but the water was to cool for us to go in, but it was evening time. You can order drinks and lunch while lounging which is nice. There are several restaurants to chose from but we did not eat at any of them because we were always out in the city during the lunch and dinner. The hotel room itself was nice and modern. The room was an adequate size for India. The furnishing and flat screen TV seemed somewhat new. We did not have a view but we were not expecting a view knowing the location of the hotel. The room was nice and quiet. We never heard anyone in the next door rooms or hallway. In the mornings you could here a little honking but nothing compared to the louness of hotels we stayed at. The only thing that we did not like about the room was the bathroom. It was a good size but sort of ugly. It was clean but was a green marble color. This just is not our style and it really did not match with the rest of the room. The shower had hot water but the shower head itself sucked. It was small and the pressuse was not consistent out of it. The staff are very helpful and really seem like they care. We asked a lot of questions cause this was our first stop and first time in India. The concerige, front desk, and hall attendants were all the best that you would find.Overall we do recommend this hotel. It is clean and friendly, and has cozy modern rooms. I would say there are no major surprises with the hotel which is a statement that could be good or bad.	
Apr 21 2009 	Needs a makeover!	The property location is great and so is the staff and hospitality.The Business Centre was good and services availalbe on time. The check-in was great since I was on the club floor... and did not take more than a few minutes.The morning breakfast spread was strictly okay at the business lounge... may be with the selection of news papers and magazines, a few more stuff to eat may be great.Only thing to improves is the hotel decor .... it surely needs a makeover!	
Apr 20 2009 	GReat Room	It was a very pleasant stay at Hyatt during my cousin's wedding in January 2007. Hotel treated us very cordially.	
Apr 17 2009 	Excellent place great hospitality absolutely clean and IS WORLD CLASS	Hyatt, Delhi is a great property. I love staying here. I had stayed in their property at S'pore and Mumbai as well. The rooms are excellent, coffee shop where the B'fast is served in one of the best, Staff are very cordial, they have great membership programme as well.Overall it is a world class property and a great place to stay.	
Apr 16 2009 	Good food at the indian restaurant	Well hyatt is one of the most expensive and this trip thus wasnt really value for money. The hotel however has a good indian restaurant and when you are travelling to India after quite some time, you are happy with that. The rooms are ofcourse good and that helps in getting up every day morning afresh	
Feb 26 2009 	beautiful hotel	My husband and I stayed at this beautiful hotel our first night in India! It was a lovely hotel, and was closer to the airport than the downtown hotels. Would highly recommend it.	
Feb 20 2009 	Good Stay and Great Food	Good modern and comfortable room . Great Bed , The Large LCD TV's are smartly placed . 100% recommended.	
Jan 11 2009 	Lousy Service	It started out well with my airport pickup. Then when reached hotel took over 30 mins to check in as my room was not yet ready, granted it was booked a month ahead.Wifi service goes on and off while you are being charged. Had to change over to broadband with the help of the staff.Room service - I ordered food at 10:30pm, I was told it will be served in 20 mins, it's now 12:24 am and still no food !!I was booked here for two more days, well i've just cancelled my stay here and moving myself to another hotel in delhi. I would definitely not recommend this joint to anyone.	
Dec 29 2008 	Shocking experience!	I called an hour before reaching the hotel. The central reservation desk was friendly and informed us of the various rooms and told us they had avalibility. Since a lot of rooms were avaliable we decided to book once we got to the hotel. We asked for a room at the front desk and were shocked to hear that rooms were not avaliable. We informed the front desk about the conversation we just had with the central booking office an hour ago. She asked us to call them since she had no rooms. We easily got a room by talking to the cental booking office. The lady who made our booking sounded shocked the the front desk had refused, she even asked us for the persons name. When we narrated the details to the lady at the front desk, she just smiled. She said she did that for security reasons????????We were unable to sleep for 2 days due to ongoing CONSTRUCTION. We heard furniture being dragged all night on the upper floor.In the morning we talked to the floor manager and housekeeping.They ASSURED US THAT SUCH A THING WOULD NOT HAPPEN AGAIN. We were naive, same thing next night. We called the reception and finally at 4am an offer to switch rooms. Really 4 am they expect me to pack and drag my bags????? At checkout we narrated the story to someone introduced to us as the manager. He apologised but had no explanation. Things are out of control...He only offered to compensate for our suffering by arranging a cab to drop us to the airport for free. We paid 300+ dollars each night, were lied to, treated in most unprofessional manner. Our compensation, free ride to the airport. I am at loss of words and truely shocked at the service and overall experience. I am from INDIA , living in the U.S., and have been a fan of this hotel for years. We frequented the coffe shops and various resteraunts. Great personal attachment to the hotel till I stayed there. Its sad!	
Dec 24 2008 	The other reviews are wrong	We are very surprised by some of the positive comments in the last couple of reviews as we can only criticise - and we are not usually critical people. The hotel is still undergoing major refurbishment which means granite blocks are being machined noisily in the reception, covering everything in dust. The hotel staff seemed more keen to look after business events than people staying in the hotel, so that the pool was closed to 'guests' throughout our stay whilst they catered for weddings and the like! Drinks were ridiculously expensive £80 or $150 for a medium range bottle of wine and £12 or $22 for a gin and tonic! Our group felt very unwelcome and unwanted. As for location - how can anyone say it is near amenities? It is on a ring road on the outskirts of Delhi, and a minimum 40 minute taxi ride into the centre where all the sights are. Do not stay here unless you want to be surrounded by traffic and be close to the airport.	
Dec 20 2008 	Great place for a layover	Property – not the most attractive hotel in the world but it tries. The lobby is large and a bit over the top with a lot of black granite and brass; probably inspired by a visit to a Hindu temple filtered through a 1980’s ascetic sensibility. There are well over 500 rooms and many people from Delhi come here for the food, so the property is pretty busy well into the night. It is located in the south part of Delhi so getting to the main part of town for sightseeing is kind of a pain. Not that it is a bad thing but the armed guard, luggage screening and pat down at the front entrance was a little unexpected.Rooms- the rooms are a bit on the small side but there are some thoughtful touches that make them practical. The work desk rolls underneath itself so there is more room if you are not using it and the bathroom makes good use of space by having a half tub in the shower area. The toilet paper placement under the sink is a bit cumbersome. The bed was comfortable; the pillows were not. The room we stayed in could have used a bit of updating as the walls were a bit marred and some of the granite in the bathroom was chipped. The hallways leading to our room smelled musty and there was carpet coming up here and there. They also had a tendency to leave housekeeping trolleys in the hall for hours on end and, since the halls were kind of narrow, this was just a nuisance.Amenities – like a city unto itself, the 7 restaurants [including some of the best Chinese food outside of Hong Kong], large gym, spa [fairly good massage menu] with beauty shop facilities, and an arcade with shopping make a good case for never leaving the hotel. The concierge can arrange for city tours and to have medications delivered from a local [reputable] pharmacy. The pool area is OK with a good number of loungers if getting sun is your thing [or being outside in Delhi is your thing]. One advantage to the Hyatt is that, besides the Radisson, it is the closest 5 star hotel to the Delhi Airport, approximately 25 minutes with light Delhi traffic, 15 minutes at 2AM. All in all, it is pretty good place to be stuck for 24 hours waiting for a flight out of Delhi.Staff – The Hyatt will win no awards here. Admittedly, we had just come off a 3 night stay at the Oberoi, so my expectations were a bit high. The driver who picked us up and dropped us off at the airport was a very nice chap but that was pretty much it. The staff seemed cold and little things like asking for a phone number for my airline from the concierge desk seemed like a chore. The wait staff in the restaurants was friendly if a bit overbearing. The reception staff at The Regency Club took forever to check us in and just about as long to check us out.Overall- a nice place to hang out if you are waiting for a flight out of Delhi.	
Dec 6 2008 	Flawless consistent service.	Stopped for a week and also used one of their conference rooms. The staff would bend over backwards for you. There were renovations going on but we were well informed and the rooms were clean and tidy. We ate in every restaurant in the hotel and would recommend the 'china kitchen' The food and drink was great but very expensive, especially the wine, a glass of new zealand sauvignon blanc was £10. Get out of the hotel and jump in a tuc tuc to PVR priara for a cheap authentic meal. Don't let the beggers outside the hotel put you off, the hyatt is pure luxury, the health club is great too.	
Dec 2 2008 	Good Hotel.. but watch out they rip u off	Well its a good hotel, was quite clean service was good. It is very close to the airport and was one of the main reasons for me to book it. Has a good japanese steak house and a great coffee house. But for those singles this place does not have a nit club. The room was clean with hardwood floors and a nice view. I liked everything about the hotel cant complain.. now the bad stuff. I got the room for around 200 dollars/nit for the week of indepence day which was reasonably good, except after the trip when i returned back to america i was charged 250/nit.. on my credit card even though the online bill says 200, i called hyatt office in usa and they asked me to contact the hotel in delhi. I thought it was not worth it i rather not stay there anymore. Secont billing issue i had was for the car i rented during my stay. they provided me with a camry, aparently the lady in the front dest quoted me 2000 rs/8 hours. I decided to clear my bill the nit b4 i check out and while i was paying my bill i realized i was billed 4500 rs/8 hrs .. I tried talking to the manager she was quite rude basically saying she cant help it..as she didnt quote the price to me. I paid it in full. next day while i was checking out..i saw the girl who had quoted me the price.. i asked for the manager .. i explained everything that happened.. a new manager had come in .. she talked to the staff and refunded me the money.. ..I beleive they should have waived the taxi charge for .. they had caused all that drama .. and it was their fault. But ofcourse they didnt.. and when i finally reach america.. they charged me extra for my room ... awesome hotel .. i m never going there again.	
Nov 12 2008 	nice service	nice place to be	
Nov 7 2008 	loved the service	their service was excellent.all the time they were asking for snax,food,tea etc.and they gave me all that with good manner.	
Nov 4 2008 	Good experience overall	Our company's team of 9 stayed here for a week and overall we had a good experience. We stayed on the club level which was very helpful. We made good use of the lounge and there was a conference room we reserved for one day of our stay. Most of the staff was friendly and helpful and when I asked for a room change to move further away from the public area, they were very accommodating.Our rooms were clean and comfortable. We found the food at the club lounge very good and a nice mix of indian and continental. The italian restaurant was really good and highly recommended when you need a break.My major complaint is the check in and check out process. When our group arrived they took our passports and appeared efficient. They are not. It took almost two hours, they got hopelessly confused and we didn't get to our rooms until after midnight. We also get a complimentary ride back to the airport and even though I tried to confirm, it was clear that they did not have it recorded anywhere when we got to the concierge to leave. To be fair, they pulled it together but when flying international, this is something I want to work like clockwork. Lastly, the internet connection is flaky and our connections would often get dropped which was pretty frustrating at times.Overall, for business, it was a good (not perfect) experience and I wouldn't worry about staying here.	
Nov 3 2008 	Mixed bag	The hotel is truly a mix of the good and the bad. The pros are its proximity to the airport, city center and fairly good restaurants. The negatives start with the fact that the hotel does not disclose that it is undergoing renovations anywhere on its website. I stayed in room 241 and had to walk past several rooms with unnumbered doors that were open and the interior gutted! Despite recent renovations to the room, the mattress sagged and I ended up sleeping in the middle so as not to get a sinking feeling. The hotel also &quot;mistakenly&quot; charged me for an airport transfer when I did not use one . This seemed somewhat deliberate as when my local contact called to see if they had sent a car to the airport to pick me up, he was told that there was no booking!	
Oct 31 2008 	Awful Experience	Recently, stayed in Hyatt Delhi (October 2008). After paying Bomb, I had very bad experience with your so called &quot;5 star hotel&quot;---. Following were the issues:--Reservation was done online, on Hyatt's site but did not have room as per our requirement reserved.-Reception allots me room which already had guest staying. It was very embarrassing to walk into room with guest sleeping.-Next Room allotted was not as per our requirement, we took it as we were very tired. Whole process took 45 minutes.-ROOMS HAD COCKROACHES.-Room Service staff could not take order properly.I had to call three time to get correct and complete order. Once I received order it was cold and barely edible.I would never recommend stay in Hyatt for kind of Service they offer, after charging bomb.	
Jul 21 2008 	Not the best saty but not the worst either	Stayed 3 nights in a King room. Burned Gold Passport points for 2 of them. Check in was not smooth. Room was not ready and it was after midnight. There are a lot of airline crew that stay here so that is probably why. Finally did get into our room. Smallish. Comfy bed. Internet worked. Bring earplugs if you have an exterior facing room as there is constant honking or horns. The hotel is big and usually full so things are going to happen. This includes service snafu’s and maintenance issues. Every guest you encounter will have something good and bad to say however a lot of the guests are very repeat guests so that says that they are for the most part happy about their experience. They do work hard to make things right if it is brought to their attention that you are not satisfied. I was actually impressed by this. The restaurants with the exception of the 24 hour restaurant, which is not really 24 hours, were good. After I got home it was not clear if the VAT on the cheques in the restaurants is really a VAT or a gratuity so you might want to clarify this when you are there. Nice busy pool and once you got the staff attention they were attentive. Lots of pigeons and other birds to watch, and occasionally dodge the you know what. Lots of F/A’s and pilots so plenty of interesting conversations around the pool and in the bar. Met some great people.I had some interesting emails with the concierge desk prior to my arrival but it all worked out in the end. The city day tour they arranged included a stop at a rug place that I found a total waste of my time not to mention high pressure sales so have your driver/guide skip that part of the tour. The rest of it was fine. Don’t let anyone tell you it is a couple of hours to Agra. It took us almost 5 hours to get back because of the traffic was at a stand still. It ended up being a very long day indeed from 6:00a until almost 10:30p. If you are expecting an intimate hotel with a smooth as silk service experience like you will find elsewhere in Asia this is not the best place for you. This hotel is perfectly fine for most travellers if you are prepared for the occasional wrinkle along the way.	
May 31 2008 	Expensive poor service and poor breakfast	I spent only two days with my mom in this hotel in the end our trip to India. The hotel, restaurants and rooms are nice. It is expensive and the service is poor. The toillet was blocked and we spent two hours waiting for someone to fix the issue (actually we checked out without solution for the problem). The breakfast was also an issue if you don't like to have indian food: all pastries looked like have been made a week ago. The bread was dry and hard. We got very disappointed since the restaurant looks pretty good (LOOKs only). The frontdesk was also very rough. Our advice is to get a reservation in The Park hotel chain, since the service and food is just wonderful.	
May 19 2008 	Ups and Downs	We stayed 2 nights at the Hyatt Regency in New Delhi. Overall the experience was OK but there were several issues which meant I couldn't give this property a higher rating.Upon arriving the receptionist had some difficulty in finding our reservation despite the fact that we had called in a day earlier to confirm. This lead to some delays and was not the best start to our visit! We had been assigned to a standard room overlooking the pool. It was clean but very outdated (old fashioned bathroom with shower over the tub, old style TV). Our friend who was staying at the same hotel had gone for a Club level room and when we saw his room we decided to bite the bullet and upgrade. It took some time and a few phone calls to the Front Desk but eventually we were moved. What a difference! The Regency Club level rooms are all recently renovated with all the mod cons. They are still the same size as the normal rooms (i.e. not that big). I've uploaded some photos of both rooms so you can see the difference. Also included in the Regency Club rate was access to the Club Lounge (free drinks all day, alcoholic drinks and snacks from 6 - 8pm everyday), free Internet access (the broadband was fast) and free limo transfers to and from the airport.We tried the room service for dinner and breakfast - both were very good although a bit slow to arrive. We also ate at TK's Grill which had decent Teppanyaki although the meat was a bit tough.Had the chance to try the pool, very nice although a bit small and strangely enough with a swimming lane right through the center effectively cutting it in half. Plenty of sun loungers around although it was a bit of a struggle to get any service (had to walk over to the pool bar area to get drinks). We also tried the bar, very relaxing with live music and a nice atmosphere.Unfortunately there were renovations going on during our stay which meant that some parts of the hotel were closed off and there was some intermittent noises coming from the construction areas. Our room cards stopped working on the 2nd day and it took two trips to the front desk to sort them out.Also, be warned that one wing of the club level has been fitted out with a new system which allows use of a wireless keyboard to access the internet through the TV and do various other things. The other wing lacks this system and is still waiting to be updated. If you are travelling without a laptop make sure you specify you want one of these equipped rooms so that you can jump online without the hassle of having to go to the business center.My main problem with the hotel was the lack of value it represents. For the USD $500+ / night room rate we were paying I honestly expected a bigger room and flawless service. Unfortunately this was not the case.	
Apr 9 2008 	Loved this Hotel	We loved this hotel...Was not inexpensive, but loved everything about it. Staff was very pleasant &amp; helpful. Breakfast was good.	
Mar 4 2008	loved it	i like this hotel visit delhi mainly for business and was picked up every morning for work so i really dont know if location is a good one in my opinion there was nothing around or walking distance to see or visitevery restaurant visited was al least 20 minutes by carinside the hotel was perfect :room of good size ,perfectly mantained ,good business services and breakfastnothing to complain about was a joy arriving everyday after a long working day	
Feb 17 2008	great - no complaints	This was my second time at the Hyatt Regency in Delhi - the first time was two years ago and there were some things I didn't like then. This time I stayed a week and I have to say that everything was nearly perfect - nice room, comfortable bed, good restaurants, good service. The gym is pleasant and although the hotel was packed there were always enough machines. There is a newish Italian restaurant which is excellent, and a new Chinese restaurant which is even better. Although it is on a very busy road, the rooms are fully soundproofed and I didn't hear any of Delhi's infamous constant beeping.At the rear of the hotel is a large pool and pleasant garden where you can have drinks and light meals.My only small complaint was that the bathroom fittings could do with refurbishment - taps need replacing, toilet flush was a bit lethargic etc. And also that the breakfast can be a bit chaotic when the hotel is full as it was during my stay - peak of the tourist season.But I would stay here again, definitely.	
Jan 3 2008 	Not worth the big bucks	Spent 2 nights, one at top USD, the second using Hyatt Gold Passport points. We were advised by friends to stay in 5 Star Deluxe Hotels while in India, good input... your hotel will be your sanctuary. So, in Delhi we selected the Hyatt Regency, it's expensive. Excellent bar, excellent buffet breakfast, the top-USD room was small and clean. The Gold Passport room was smaller, unclean, dirty and lacked furnishings. So, food and drinks are good, but room is average, not worth the USD. E.Taylor, NC, USA	
Dec 21 2007 	Hyatt Regency New Delhi Regency Club Level Floor 6 	I looked on trip advisor for a while before making my decision on the Hyatt. I had read a few things before my trip to New Delhi but still arrived feeling like I had not prepared enough. I came to realize extremely fast if you want things done in New Delhi get the tipping wallet ready. This place is worst in tip for value then Las Vegas in general. The hotel is pretty nice over all and yes service is pretty good if you are willing to dump a few Rupees on tips. I found that advice prior to my trip that 30 rupees is pretty good which most cases was but if you want something done and fast 100 rupees up gets what you want pretty darn fast and with a smile. If you don’t plan on tipping then I suggest you don't stay at a 4 star up hotel in New Delhi. I decided on this room because reading other reviews on hotels in general in New Delhi the level of service and accuracy of things is very low. So I figured I would try to find the best place with a good name and find a top room. The Hyatt I like in general as a hotel because it has a national name and corporation behind so you can usually find customer service somewhere if all else fails. Being on the Regency level I was greeted at the airport by the hotel and shuttled off to the hotel. I arrived in the morning and they are pretty strict about the early check in deal so I dropped off my bags and already had a day trip planned to Agra. On returning to the Hyatt later in the evening I checked in on the 6th floor of the Regency Club and of course things can never be right. I had booked two rooms. One I booked on line at Hyatt and the other I booked online at Expedia. The room booked at Hyatt of course was accurate at check in but at check out they bumped up my price an extra 3000 rupees for some reason. I am still debating this with them and the credit card company. Not something I wanted to do and had previously read that they are notorious for this so great I am one of the statistics now. The other room booked through Expedia was a disaster. Expedia charges you the total room at booking through the website. So I paid the entire amount including taxes at the time of booking through Expedia. Well at check out Hyatt wanted to charge me again for the room and I was about to blow up at this point because things just didn’t go as planned. Well anyhow already running late to the airport I ran into the business center and printed off my Expedia confirmation and my credit card statement showing that I had already been charged and still Hyatt did not take it at face value but rather told me they would figure things out send me a bill later. Well lucky for me the Expedia room worked out and I was not double charged or I would still be debating that as well if I had not taken the time to solve it right then and their. So big suggestion if you decide to stay here bring all your reservation confirmations with you to check in and make sure the quoted or prepaid room is understood with the check in counter people at the time of check in it will save you a tremendous amount of time later in emails and telephone conversations with your credit card company and the hotel. The next morning I wanted to check out New Delhi so I hopped into a taxi and not knowing better told him to take me to the arch and he did not turn on the meter….oops. I learned that you are supposed to negotiate these fares or just rent the driver for the day. So I ended up understanding this fairly quickly and negotiated 1000 rupees for the day. That seemed to be the set rate for it was like this the remaining two days using other drivers. I also learned unless you like to be taken to the commission shops be direct and firm with the drive on telling him you want to go to specific places and don’t want to go shopping with him when you can just go to Connaught Place and stay away from the government emporiums unless you want to pay the premium. The way I understand it is that the government emporiums pay a kick back of 500 rupees to the taxi driver for just bringing you the emporium and then 50% commission on whatever you end up buying. So don’t go to the taxi driver suggested places for shopping rather just direct him to various places like Connaught Place. Don’t misunderstand this and think this is on the only place and no government emporiums in this area because there are more places and still government emporiums here in this area as well but you can surely see the difference. Just tell the taxi driver you want to start out by the Pizza Hut or KFC. They are clueless and think you just want to eat and tell him you will be back after a few hours. He isn’t going to take off because you haven’t paid him yet so take a nice stroll and shop, eat or whatever floats your boat. So now more about the hotel. One room I had gotten was just a Regency King and it was actually fairly small compared to other Regency Kings I have had in the past from other Hyatt’s. But it was OK nothing special other then the bottle water. The drain in the shower was horrible and flooded every time the shower was turned on. The other room was a Regency King Suite and was good size. It felt more like a Regency King room I am used to. It had a lovely sitting room and very accommodating in size and feel. The suite was a nice room for my friends to stay in because they had three travelers so two sleep in the king bed and the other in a roll-a-way. Very nice room and their shower seemed to work just fine. Being on the Regency level you get the breakfast in the morning and the drinks in the evening which is a very nice feature to staying on the Regency level and the staff is very friendly while serving you. Again a little tip at the end of the breakfast and night cap does some wonders for your stay. The staff is more appreciative and goes out of their way to help the tipper that is for sure. So good place to hand over 50 rupees after the end of breakfast and drinks for better enjoyment to your stay in the long run. I found the location of the hotel not to be very close to many things and at least 15 minutes from the sites. I ate dinner one night at the Spice Route at the Imperial Hotel and found the location of the Imperial fairly close to the sites so I may have to try that the next time I go to Delhi for the location seems much better off. The Hyatt just seemed away from it all. Highly recommend the Spice Route for dinner and make reservations at the Imperial hotel. Also the Hyatt has China Kitchen which serves fairly good Chinese food but again make reservations in advance for it feels up fast. The health club at the Hyatt is small and very busy for they allow outside membership. So if you want to exercise and enjoy the sauna at the hotel you can but be prepared for a small over used gym. Overall I found the Hyatt in New Delhi to be very TIP happy and OK if you are ok with tipping everyone at the hotel who may look at you or try to help you. I don’t think that is unusual thing for New Delhi in general. It seems to be a very TIP happy place which bugs me but at the same time I am already their so I want to enjoy my voyage and not let a few dollars get in the way of my enjoyment. Upon leaving give yourself plenty of time at the airport. Security is crazy for they have these big scanning machines that don’t do anything because I didn’t see one bag being opened but they require every bag to be placed on this thing for inspection. I don’t have a clue as to what it is suppose to do because a billion people are all trying to throw their suitcase onto this scan machine at the same time with really no organization to the whole thing and then clamoring to retrieve the bag at the end of the scan machine while some workers place a security check tie around your suitcase. It’s a joke and very time consuming. Do not try to check in until you have cleared the dumb scanning machine process. Immigration lines are long and slow and then again a security check again is required for your personal hand carry. Also don’t forget to get a stamp on your hand bag carry on because they won’t let you board the airplane with out a stamp on the carry on luggage tag. Again just take my word for it very TIME CONSUMING. New Delhi will tier you out!	
Dec 15 2007 	Enjoyable hotel nice rooms and restaurants	This hotel has an excellent standing. The restaurant are good for India. Our oom at the top floor was very well furbished and we had a warm welcome. The sauna was a good point for the evening. The only disappoint was a mistake on the bill at the departure but they corrected it on our request.	
Oct 19 2007	Average experience	This was not the best welcome to India. The service was pretty disorganized, and the location was out of the action of the city - this might suit some people but it meant having to negotiate public transport and taxis, not easy in this place! Rooms were okay, but nothing special. Not the cleanest bathroom either. I'd choose some where else next time.	
Oct 8 2007 	Good for a short business stay - 2nd visit	I stayed at Hyatt Regency in Delhi, this was my second visit. I think that somethings have slipped since last year when I stayed, such as concerige desk (had to remind them several times about car bookings). The food as always is good, the rooms are pleasant (although can be cold - I turned my ac off!) and the complimentary water is much appreciated.The staff are very helpful on the whole, although a little slow in the restuarant.	
Sep 23 2007 	Excellent; somewhat pricey but great service	Excellent hotel that made our stay in Delhi a worthwhile experience; check in was easy and the rooms average until we found that our friends were in newer plush rooms on the same floor whilst our rooms were the old style; upon request, the management bent over backwards to move us to the newer refurbished rooms as soon as these became available (later that night)....the flat screen LCD TV ; the wood panel ; the soft mattresses, the ambience and the transparent bathroom wall with the sensuous blue soft lights all reminded me of the high end boutique hotels in pricey Manhattan!!The room service was excellent; as was the health club with newer equipment - elliptical crosstrainers and treadmills with integrated TV monitors ; the massage treatments were truly a treat and fairly inexpensive by US standards. Their popularity was evident; by few time slots available for massage at short notice.Service speaks volumes in my book when the concierge willingly sent staff on motorbike for medication to a 24 hour hospital pharmacy some distance away from the hotel at 3am (to treat my sick child); and had the medication delivered promptly to our room!!Thanks Hyatt staff... I have traveled all over the world and rate you a true 5 star experience!! We will be back when we visit India &amp; Delhi	
Aug 29 2007 	Superb Hotel Fantastic Dining	I stayed at the Hyatt Regency for a week in August on a business trip to New Delhi. I found both the service and the facilities to be outstanding!The first thing you should know, don't bother scheduling pickup from the airport through the hotel. The price is outrageous. Simply grab a taxi from the airport and pay 300 Rupees maximum. If you are a westerner on your first trip to Delhi you may not be prepared for the tipping situations. Check the discussion forums here at tripadvisor for tipping information before you decide to accept assistance with bags etc.The hotel is, of course, not really walking distance from anything. I'm not sure if there is any hotel in Delhi that is walking distance from anything. But the area is decent enough. The entry and lobby are very nice, check in is easy, staff is excellent.The rooms are great. Very new looking. Housekeeping is simply superb, exceptional, fantastic! The beds are luxurious, the bathroom large, the amenities plentiful. LOVED this room. Internet is a little pricey. There are an abundance of channels on the television. The hotel restaurants are simply outstanding. Breakfast is delicious and loaded with options. Do NOT miss out on the italian restaurant. I just got back from Italy a couple of months ago and I can honestly say the restaurant at this hotel has the best Italian I've had in years. Do NOT miss it!The price of this hotel can be intimidating, but there are deals to be had for the diligent researcher. We booked at 170 USD per night. Not bad. In summary, this hotel stay was absolutely fantastic. I will be in town every August for the next several years and I fully intend to stay at the Hyatt each time.	
Aug 26 2007 	Perfect stay	Great Club room. Nice buffet in the evening and breakfast at the Club LoungeVery good spa with the best ayurvedic massage I've had in India!The staff is wonderful	
Aug 14 2007 	Perfect hotel for business travellers	I first stayed at this hotel around 4 years ago and should have written a review back then, but sadly never got around to it. I went back to Delhi last week and again stayed at the Hyatt Regency. It really is a great hotel and worthy of a decent review. I'll start with the rooms which are nice and comfortable, if slightly dated. Lovely wooden floors and comfy beds. The bathroom provides all the basic amenities you would expect to find and more. There is a drain by the side of the bath that some of my colleagues noticed a smell from and even bubbles coming through but I myself had no problem with my own room. The service in the hotel is really great and extremely attentive. Wherever you are in the hotel, front desk, lobby, outside or any of the restaurants, you will find the staff extremely helpful and very polite. My friend and I ate in TK's which is an asian restaurant - we both rated it extremely high. The food and the service were perfect. It was far too hot for me to sunbathe by the pool, but I had a great view from my room and having been to the pool area on my previous visit, I can only assume the pool service is as good as ever. A great visit - highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 27 2007 	Excellent hotel to stay	I had been to New Delhi for one night on a trip to get my US VISA from the American Consulate. I was booked at this hotel and the experience was really great.Mine was a club room up on the 6 th floor and it was very good.The hotel and its food is worth the price one pays to stay here.Strongly recommend.	
May 6 2007	Expensive.....	The Hotel is set between the city centre and the International Airport. On first arrival I thought the outside was nothing special. But the welcoming lobby was first class. The restaurants are excellent and whilst I was there the Hotel was adding a new Chinese Restaurant. The pool is not particularly large but adequate and the grounds are well kept. I was staying on the Executive 6 floor and this gave me access to a small buffet service.The room was clean but nothing special. My room was located on the side, providing me a restricted view of a side alley….nothing great there. The TV was old style model not a modern Flat plasma version. The programmes were basic, offering no pay-per-view. The room had Internet access but on this trip as I didn’t have my laptop. I used the internet room on the 6th floor (another is in the lobby). I was surprised and very disappointed to find a charge for this, having paid a lot more to stay on the Executive floor I would of expected this to be complimentary. I thought this was very petty.The Hotel staff are excellent and very professional, very polite and helpful. Overall I would say the price to stay at the Hyatt was very expensive and although I was staying on business and therefore not paying, I would not stay there again.	
Apr 4 2007 	Avoid at all Costs!!!!	The service at the Hyatt is great but, not worth the $300/night price. Our room had a door to an adjoining room through which everything could be heard. So, during our last nights stay the person in the other room decided to watch TV at 3am and we were woken up. If you are paying $300/night you should get a quiet nights sleep. Also, when we arrived back home I was sent a letter and bill for food taken out of the mini-bar which we never took . This hotel is a total rip-off.	
Jan 28 2007 	Great service!	We stayed at the Hyatt Regency Dehli right after Christmas. Our flight was late out of Taiwan and the staff at the airport was really helpful, especially since we had two small children.We stayed on the executive floor and the room was beautiful and the staff was great. We went on a tour of Northern India the next day and stayed in the hotel again on our way out of India. The food was good and the hotel was great for our kids.I would recommend this hotel for a short stay with children but probably isn't a long term stay, since it really isn't near any of the sights in Dehli and is basially a business hotel.	
Dec 12 2006 	Baautiful plce; they take care of you	I stayed at the Hyatt Regency for a business trip. There's not much around the hotel, which is typical for Delhi; dusty roads, honking horns, people on bicycles. My room was beautiful and well-supplied. I had an Internet connection problem after I checked in and within 5 minutes a young man in a suit was at my door to resolve it. (It was 11 PM Friday night.) I was admiring the plantings by the pool and an employee greeted me and told me the names of the plants. The Health Club was well-equipped and machines were always available.The one weakness this hotel had, in my view, was a smaller % of Indian food in the buffet; I'd previously stayed at the Grand, where they had a bigger selection that changed every day. If you like to stick to traditional Western food, there's plenty of it. I even saw a guy eating a steak, which made me cringe.My boss and I paid $300/night in peak tourist season; some people checking in the night I left were paying $500 and were complaining loudly and boorishly. I don't know if they had better rooms, but mine was a good value for $300.	
Dec 11 2006 	A great experience	I recently stayed at the Hyatt in New Delhi. My room was quite large with plenty of room around my king bed. It was slightly cold and when I called the front desk to complain, they sent up a space heater that worked fine. The most impressive aspect was the concierge. I had several packages delivered to me and someone from the concierge not only brought them up, but helped me pack them which involved making a makeshift bag and weighing my baggage for me. Given my extra baggage, I was concerned that I might not be able to check in everything. When I departed the hotel, I was told that the Hyatt representative at the airport had been notified that I was coming and would help me. The Hyatt representative met me at the airport and walked me through the check-in process and helped me manage my baggage. I would never have been able to check-in if it was not for him.I would definitely stay at the Hyatt again.	
Nov 2 2006 	My stay was fine!	I enjoyed my stay here.I found my room a bit small, but comfortable and I slept well.Reception is large, modern and light and the staff met my requests just fine.I asked someone to get me some deodorant (as I forgot to pack any) and it was bought and brought to me in a meeting where I wanted it. Great!Restaurant, lots of buffet choice, western or Indian, good quality.We had a business meeting in the downstairs conference facility, which was excellent.Pool, I had a swim, and ordered a beer at the pool, and that was all fine. All in all, I would stay here again.	
Oct 15 2006 	Nice Hotel	I've read the reviews on this hotel, and I just don't get it. A lot of the comments may be true, but are really pretty minor problems, and they don't really warrent the negative ratings. It's almost as if the reviewers haven't stayed at 5 star hotels internationally.I was at the hotel from the 10th thru the 14th of October, and found the hotel to be good, and the service excellent. We were there for a conference, and were very pleased with the hotel.The rooms are small, but adequately sized with a king bed, desk with chair, and easy chair. The furnishings were fine - not worn - but the hotel is remodelling all the rooms, and are supposed to be finished shortly. The new rooms have furnishings to maximize the space, like glass desk top, headboard mounted on the wall, and bedside lamps mounted on the wall instead of nightstands. Some of the rooms apparently did not have temperature adjustment, but mine was adjustable.The food was very good. We had two catered lunches at Djinn's as well as a dinner with entertainment Friday night by the pool, with mulitple ethnicities of food (Indian, Italian, Arabic) and they were all very good. The service was excellent, so I don't know why other reviewers complained.One negative had to do with the mosquitos. The weather was unseasonably warm, and there is a dengue fever outbreak in Delhi (over 1300 cases with 50 deaths so far), so the hotel was constantly fogging outside and fumigating inside. The inside work was ineffective, though, and there were a lot of mosquitos inside. No one in our group was bitten, but we were swatting and nervous - even wearing &quot;Off&quot; during our conference.The hotel isn't within walking distance of shopping, but most foreigners wouldn't want to walk in Delhi anyway. There is a camp of homeless living under tarps across the street, and cows roam the streets, but that's just India. The pool area is gorgeous, though, so when you're in the hotel it's an oasis in Delhi.	
Aug 15 2006 	A professional hotel with systems that worked for us	My wife and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency the night of July 31. We paid a bit over $200 for the room. We had an excellent experience. The international airport pick-up was efficient. The room was comfortable, and the staff were friendly, professional, and helpful. Breakfast and lunch in the coffee shop were very good. My wife left her glasses in the lobby, and we were able to retrieve them from the lobby staff who found them and put them in the lost and found. We took a hotel taxi to the Ashoke Hotel and back for a reasonable fare. The drop off at the domestic airport was pleasant. The hotel is not within walking distance of any shops or commercial areas, so we had to change money at the hotel rate. But we would enthusiastically recommend the Hyatt Regency as good value for the money.	
Apr 11 2006 	Shockingly Bad Hotel	I always stay at Hyatt's as the name usually guarantee's some kind of standard - not in this case!!! The rooms are very, very old. They have not updated in the basic components such as electrical plugs and the ac, let alone the furnishing. The ac control does not even allow you to change the temperature!!!! All this would be ok except that they are charging $200. Not worth this at all	
Feb 22 2006 	Lot of $ for little	For $300+ you would expect that you'd get the room that you reserve (King, non-smoking). Instead I got a smoking room and two twin beds pushed together. The Polo lounge was good and the atmosphere lively, but you also have trouble getting a seat in the place. Maybe because this was a Saturday night. All in all, it was just a average experience. The staff were helpful and attentive and that was the best part I guess.	
Feb 16 2006 	Some of the staff do try to make a difference	I wrote a review a few hours before checking out. It wasn't favorable.We were on a late (midnight) flight and after checking out and settling the extras bill for a couple of meals and some drinks (around 700us), used the spa to freshen up before dinner. I was not allowed a 20 R disposable razor as I had already checked out!That was the final straw. I couldn't wait to leave this place! On leaving through the lobby I met the hotel manager and told him what was going on in his hotel. Hotels in India, in my experience, are never that good. Maybe it's a cultural thing. The manager took the comments I made very seriously and appeared pretty surprised on investigation to find out what his staff were obviously hiding from him!He and his team took immediate action to ensure that the remainder of our evening in Delhi was as enkoyable as possible and that we would try the hotel again next time we visited.I'll try this place again next time I'm in Delhi. The manager genuinely seems to want to sort it out.I recommend if you have justified problems here and that aren't being dealt with that you inform the manager. If he's not available contact Hyatt regional manager. I suspect that when the reception says he's not available it's because they'd prefer their boss didn't find out what its like being a guest here.There are some great, helpful people working here who understand the hospitality business, they just need more of them!	
Feb 12 2006	fine	I used the hotel for a day room - so did not experience the facilities.It is a very busy hotel - the lobby feels like a train station - although it looks much smarter!It has a range of facilities, coffee shop, bar, restaurants , gym, and loads of boutiques selling goods for all pockets - from souvenirs to jewellery. It is quite close to the centre. The staff were all very polite and helpful with all my queries and requests however bags took a long time to get to my room and then to get loaded into the taxi on departure.The room was comfortable with all the amenities you would expect form a four star.I paid 350 rupees to get to the airport by a hotel recommended taxi, the hotel car costs 1300	
Jan 24 2006 	Loved the Hyatt	I stayed here while on business for two weeks and I loved it. The gym and spa were great, and the staff was extremely helpful. The buffet breakfast was included in my rate, and was a nice way to start the day, a nice mix of western and Indian breakfast foods and french pressed coffee. By day three, the waiters new I liked ketchup and tabasco and would have both waiting for me upon my arrival for breakfast. The rooms were a bit small, but were clean and nicely appointed. I had no trouble at with any of the temperature controls, the AC made the room cold, the heat made the room warm.	
Jan 7 2006	Dreadful	This Hotel is a joke. Out of date product in the mini-bar, rude staff, slow restaurants, expensive drinks, poor transportation, small rooms, ancient bathrooms and basic at that. Wouldn't advise even considering it!!	
Jan 5 2006	We loved this hotel....	I think I must have stayed at a different hotel than the other reviewers. After 3 weeks on the road in India, we were lucky enough to use points to reserve a room on the club level. Highly recommend upgrading if you can. The room was lovely. It could have been a bit larger, but the decor, cleanliness and bathroom were are great. Apparently, we had the opposite experience with the service. Check in was done promptly on the 6th floor, they let us check out at 7:00 in the evening when we left with no additional charge, the wait staff on the floor were wonderful and we found the breakfast and evening drinks to quite nice. Also, having unlimited email access in the business center was very helpful.We enjoyed the bar and resaurant we went to in the hotel (though they are VERY expensive by Indian standards), but the best part was the spa. For about 30 bucks I got the best massage I have ever had. This hotel was a wonderful break in our travels and I would recommend it without a doubt. And, again, suggest upgrading to the club level for the best experience!	
Jan 3 2006	Hyatt A disgrace	Hyatt a 5 star hotel....having a laugh.The service is worse than what you get in a 2 star hotel. Not worth the money.Staff in Delhi Hyatt are inefficient and extremely rude! They do not know how to treat their customers. Not only that, they need to be fully trained to work at the front desk! Can't get a simple thing right!The restaurant in the Hotel is over priced. The food is ok. Although you have to order 3 hours in advance! Because their service is so damn slow.Rooms are also very small and bathroom is very basic.I would certainely not recommend this hotel to anyone!Delhi Hyatt definately gives a bad name to the Hyatt group of Hotels.	
Dec 22 2005	OverPriced		
Dec 21 2005	Give Hyatt a bad name. Absolutely appalling.		
Nov 23 2005	5 Star looks - 1 Star service		
Nov 17 2005	Worst Hotel Bad name to India		
Nov 15 2005	Terrible Service		
Nov 14 2005 	Calm and luxurious amid the chaos of Delhi		
Mar 31 2005	OK Hotel but terrible service		
Mar 17 2005	Nice Hotel Not Great Location Pricey		
Dec 23 2004	Not great not horrible just ok.		
Nov 1 2004	Good value		
Aug 16 2009 	?????????		
Apr 28 2009 	Primera empresion excelente regresamos y fue descepcion		
Mar 8 2009 	?????????????		
Sep 21 2009 	Not as great as the pictures....	the staff were good, expect the driver (night) failed to turn up to pick up from the airport. So do have the full address as the cab driver from the airport could not find the place for ages. Rooms are spacious but dated. The Hi Fi internet did not work- i changed hotels because of that plus the lift was not working. In addition to that u dont get much choice for breakfast and had to stay mainly in the room. The hotel has a day driver - quick and street smart- that helped. Near the tube/ metro. Draby place with no frills but reflects the price, you should not pay more than 1200 to 1500 rupees including all taxes as abt 500 more takes u into a different class in the same vicinity.Suggest you book for a day and than extend your stay if you like the place.	
Aug 18 2008 	really a great staff!	Everything it's ok. Room, bathroom, the staff. Good place and good people. They help you with a smile on their faces.	
Mar 15 2008 	Nice central location - great staff!	The airport pickup guy had to wait 2 hours for our late plane - no problem, he was there and we connected easily (this was at 2am in the morning!). The middle of the night arrival at the hotel (we came from the U.S) was a bit of a shock, but it turned out to be perfectly ok. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The location is right within easy walking distance to all kinds of shopping as well as to the (excellent) subway station. (subway costs 8 roepies one way). The only (sort of) complaint is that there was a bit of noise up until about 11pm. The clean rooms did not provide top sheets on the bed (we did not care as we carried our own). The food at the roof top restaurant is marginal (we only tried breakfast), but there is an excellent restaurant within walking distance on the same road (called &quot;Tempting&quot;).This hotel also arranged a car for us to return to the airport (750 roepies). All worked out great! For a day auto rickshaw drive for around $20, we would highly recommend Bill, phone [--]. He is quite trustrworthy and will show you a great time! Tell him, Dutch recommended him!	
Oct 2 2006	A lot of history but a tough crowd	I came back from a one week trip to New Delhi and surrounding areas. We stayed in a budget hotel called Indraprastha at Karol Bagh. Its situated on Tank Road nestled between Ajmal Khan Road and Gurdwara Road. Right next to it is the Bengal Sweet Center. The hotel is decent. I travelled with my whole family (wife, 2 kids and mom). We stayed in a double room with extra bed. A/c room. The room size was not big but given our family size I have no complains. The hotel is generally clean and the management in general helpful. They have a 24hr travel desk and offer airport pickup for a fee. For Rs 1740+12.5% tax it was a decent deal (inclusive of Rs 350 for the extra bed and including breakfast which was not that great and served by a very serious guy) . Karol Bagh is quite central and the hotel is right next to Ajmal Khan road with can be a shoppers delight. Plenty of restaurants around. Their website is [--]Don't go by the pictures in their website for room size. My double room had a single queen size bedOf the big indian cities I have visited, Delhi seems to be the cleanest, seems to have the best roads. Drivers also seem to follow traffic rules in general within the inner city and also seem to be mindful of the omnipresent traffic cops. People sitting in the front seats have to compulsorily wear seat belts.The people in general here are tough. Plenty of street arguments especially traffic related. They don't seem to smile much and they have a very in-different attitude to providing service. I'm told that people here are very status conscious and money matters a lot. Although I didn't take a auto-rickshaw I heard they are a rip-off. Delhi has a lot of historical sites. For the kids there is Zoo, Appu Ghar, Doll Museum etc. Although I didn't try it, there is also a boat trip along the lake next to the old fort. The most impressive of the places for me was the red fort for all its history and fall from grandeur.I visited Haridwar/Hrishikesh/Agra/Mathura/Brindavan. Very impressed with the roads/highways. Concrete and the trafiic moves very smoothly. 100kms is vey do-able.I stayed overnight at Haridwar at Ganga Azure near the railway station and in the market. Not bad. Again clean and reasonably spacious for the prize. Rs 1500 for 5 (incld kids) for one night inclusive of taxes. The Har ki Pauri (Ganges) is a decent walk from here although there are plenty of rickshaws for Rs 15/-. The restaurant at the hotel is pretty Ok.	
Aug 26 2008 	Pésimo trato y pésimo hotel		
Nov 10 2009 	Old and tired won't be staying there again!	We arrived and checked in at the hotel late after a delicious meal at Bukhara. Our first impression of the hotel upon arrival was it was dark (poorly lit) and looked old. Nonetheless, the check-in staff were efficient and friendly. When we told them that we won't make the breakfast room's opening hours, as we were planning to be on the road to Agra at first light, they kindly offered to pack us some breakfast for the road, which was generously portioned.However, we found the rooms damp, old and tired, and not particularly clean either. It is definitely not the usual standards expected from previous stays in Intercontinental hotels worldwide. We booked a non-smoking room / floor, but our room stank of stale smoke, probably entered the room through the air vents.Thankfully, we were out of there first thing in the morning. We're fairly certain we will never return to this hotel again.	
Oct 23 2009 	Great Business Hotel	Stayed here for work &amp; didnt get the best room at first. I had a bad cough &amp; the old room I got smelled of damp &amp; old smoke (even though it no longer was a smoking room). What impressed me most was the response I got when I complained. They were kind enough to show me 5-6 different rooms of which I could have my choice. Then (I can only assume to apologise) I found a chocolate cake in my room the next day!The rooms I chose was a newly renovated room which was a smoking room. But it was really brand new &amp; so there was no smoke smell whatsoever. The newly renovated rooms are much nicer than the tired old rooms &amp; I would recommend asking for one if possible.The facilities at the hotel are excellent. Great pool, good restaurants &amp; the spa/sauna/gym are is excellent. I also have to highly rate the people in the business centre. Very helpful, friendly &amp; unlike some hotels I have stayed in, have no problems giving you a quick photocopy without charging your room for it. Internet speeds were also good.Location of the hotel could be better for sight seeing, but for business it is great. Its closer to Noida, across for Nehru place (a large IT market where you can get any IT needs services including plan copies, scanning etc sone) and still not far into Connaught.All in all I would definitely recommend this hotel based on value. Our rooms were much cheaper than all of the other 5 star alternatives. Sure some of the old rooms have a bit of a damp issue, but as the renovation continues I think it will become an even better value hotel.	
Sep 4 2009	DONT STAY AT INTERCONTINENTAL EROS -DELHI	DONT STAY AT INTERCONTINENTAL EROS -DELHII would like to express my anger concerning my stay at the InterContinental Eros-Hotel in Delhi.My visit was just awful. As I was with my family I opted to book a suite. When I arrived I was given a room not over looking Lotus temple as promised, but given a stingy damp room. When I requested for room change I was told there are no other rooms available. The corridors were full of smell and dust because of repair work. We were left without electricity for an hour and when only I went to reception they sent a person to repair it. The wash basin was choked and bathroom smelly.What is more interesting that no points were added to my priority club gold account and I was told that I had bought on reduced price, but it is nothing like that . After all these blunders they just offered a discount. I didnot know that this discount are my priorty club points.Because of this I had to change the hotel and opt for Le Meridien Delhi. What I cannot understand why IH Group is providing franchise to hotels that don't meet standards. IH-EROS is 2 star hotel not a 5 star hotel.Hope you will pay attention to my mailDr. John	
Aug 30 2009 	Fantastic Hotel!	I was a bit worried about the mixed reviews I read on here about the IC Nehru Place. but was pleasantly suprised!!Check in was quick and efficent and was taken to our room. As an Ambassador member of IC membership scheme, we were upgraded to an Exec suite. The room was amazing!!! Big in size, the best amenites, two bathrooms, giant fruit basket, fresh flowers everyday. The room was perfect!!!Make sure your rate includes breakfast, as its well woth it. The breakfast spread was a mix of cultures, Indian, English, American etc etc, which kept all the family happy! There was always plenty there and waiting staff to answer any questions.I didnt have time to use the gym or pool so cant grade them, but did use the business centre to check in onto next flight. Internet access and printing was fairly cheap, and the staff were extremly helpful.Location wise, its on a quite busy street but you cant hear the traffic, there are a few eating places near by (turn left when you leave the main car park gates), and felt quite safe in and around the hotel.Overall, I really enjoyed my stay here, the polite and helpful staff made the stay at the hotel even more enjoyable. I would definately stay here again and recommend it to my friends and family.	
Jul 24 2009 	Not a 5 star	This is an average hotel, definitely not a 5 star. The room was ok, but the bath room was bad, needs renovation. The reviews stated that the rooms were renovated, but apparently not the one we stayed in. Location is a plus, so was the overall service. The breakfast spread was good.	
Jul 13 2009 	Nice place	Nice hotel, good service, four restaurant and night club, wonderful was the barber shop with head massage. Relaxing	
Jul 12 2009 	This hotel is my home from home in Delhi	I have been staying at this hotel for 4 years now. It's never too full of non-Indian tourists which I always find encouraging - the locals often come to the restaurants to each which I see as a plus point. They are starting a renovation process, they are promising a much better hotel - I just hope it doesn't lose it's Delhi charm.I have stayed in other Delhi hotels for comparison and while not as super-delux as some, it can still proudly call itself a 5-star hotel.	
Jul 10 2009 	Great business hotel	I stayed at IC-Nehru Place a few times on business. It is an excellent business hotel with a convenient location with easy access to domestic airport as well as to Noida. Rooms are a bit outdated with stained carpets but they make it up with good amenities and space. The rooms are larger than the other IC in the city. The selection of drinks in the lounge is quite good. As a PC-gold member, I also got a complimentary 15-min neck massage treatment - a very unique way of rewarding the loyal customers beyond the usual free welcome drinks that are generally offered elsewhere. The breakfast spread is extremely good though a bit expensive if it is not already included in the room rate.	
Jun 18 2009 	Old tired - not even a Holiday Inn let alone an InterContinental	The word &quot;InterContinental&quot; conjures up images of luxury and service. Not so at Nehru Place. First of all, despite an e-mail request, no airport transfer was waiting for me. When mentioning this at the reception, the clerk simply blamed me, without actually looking into the matter. Only after providing proof, they sort-of said they were sorry. Great start, especially arriving at 11.30 PM.My rate included breakfast, but since I had to leave before breakfast started, I requested whether room service would be available. Again, the clerk said no, no and no. Only the duty manager could reluctantly be persuaded to be core courteous. So after over half an hour of haggling at check-in (and a harrowing taxi ride from the airport), I was finally able to retreat to my room. What an abysmal display. Clearly not up to any standards (see pics), and bathroom wasn't even clean. Carpet was stained, furniture was worn, lamps falling of the wall, and the room was just way too old. This, dear readers, is NOT an InterContinental.	
Jun 18 2009 	love the disc	love the whole architecture view of it and location of the hotel	
Jun 14 2009 	Average Category Hotel.	I Booked two rooms in this hotel at the end of June but didn't find hotel as per 5 Star Standard.Lobby is Good,Singh Saheb Restaurant is Good &amp; even Buffet Breakfast was great.But Rooms were not Good.Even we were upgraded to Club room category &amp; we got access to Lounge as well but really surprised we didn't find Good brand drinks in Lounge.Anyways,I find this as average kind of hotel.	
Jun 13 2009 	Execllent Business Hotel	This is a magnificent hotel, right in the heart iof Delhi's CBD Connaught Place/Barakhamba road. I was here for almost three months. Room rates are quite agreeable relative to the high fiver star prices that Indian hotels charge. Rooms are elegantly decorated, refurbished, with transparent bathroom sections, cozy beds and a host of business friendly gadgets. I believe they have one of the two heated swimming pools in all of Delhi with oberoi being the other.Nice restaurents and a lavish breakfast buffet at the coffee shop.All in all a pleasing, business friendly hotel.	
Jun 13 2009 	home like a home	I stayed this hotel for my business trip, rooms &amp; dinning given good atmosphere and feels like a home.	
Jun 9 2009 	Needful Renovation	If Nehru Place is not too far away from the centre for one's needs, this is currently a good-value five star experience - on balance. The staff are excellent, and breakfast is good. Wrap up warmly for dinner, though, the a/c in Blooms Restaurant is set to maximum chill in the evening. The hotel is currently (June 09) undergoing renovation, and the noise of this travels through the structure from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. 7/7. The fixtures in the rooms are showing their age, and the renovation is timely: bathrooms are looking rather tired, the water pressure varies considerably (making a shower an exciting experience); and in one of the rooms I used the curtains did not meet in the middle and, despite several reminders, the management seemed unwilling or unable to remedy this. It should be easy to negotiate a good deal - I got complimentary airport transfers and 24hr internet, whereas both are normally charged for at Delhi prices on the standard rack rate.	
Jun 8 2009 	nice place no distractions	good place warm welcome nice rooms,good food.healthy atmosphere .overall good place to stay if you dont know the place well.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great Hotel Located in commercial Hub	Great Hotel is an elegant oasis surrounded by the commercial hub of Nehru Place.	
Jun 7 2009 	not upto 5 star standard	Hotel was good. But can get better in terms of quality. Not the finest 5 Star Hotel in terms of quality though. Checking out process was quite late .but staff is very hospitable, good food and very comfortable rooms.Guests are provided with a range of dining options, serving delicious east and spicy Indian as well as Chinese delicacies. In addition, you can also savour most exotic blends of teas, coupled with a variety of pastries at the Rajasthani style, Tea Lounge.Entrance of the hotel is not upto the mark,it could have been much better..	
Jun 5 2009 	Luxary business redefined.. !	Its best to stay in InterContinental in Delhi. Last time when I was there, I was overwhelmed with their service. We have also organised a business event-conference in one of their banquets and with the world class arrangement, we were successful in making our foreign delegates impress and give us a fairly good order in India. It was not only a matter of happiness but also pride infront of the foreigners, to have kept them and getting them to give us business.	
Jun 2 2009 	Very good business hotel	Very good business hotel at the heart of the New Delhi city.Have been there many time before and would recommend this to all colleagues and friends.ciaoronak	
Jun 1 2009 	Business hotel	Reasonable business hotel, good value for money. Great if your business is in the Nehru Place of South Delhi area.	
May 27 2009 	Reliable	In a city where you can pay extortionate prices for the pretty grim here at least is a reliable - indeed, at times, luxurious - way of spending a sweeper's annual pay on a single night's accommodation. Public parts particularly well appointed and the food in the restaurant delicious.	
May 22 2009 	Okay Kind of Business Hotel.	I did my booking with One of Travel Agent for this hotel.Hotel Lobby is good,Restaurants are good.But Rooms are not so good.Okay Kind of rooms with smaller bathroom.I stayed here only for one night.But One thing I liked most is breakfast. Breakfast was too good with lots of items.Even I didn't like the services of hotel.	
May 10 2009 	Loved hospitality at Intercontinental	The hotel entrance is grand, has all the facilities of a 5 star, rooms have pool views, very quiet, lovely food in the buffet restaurant - spoilt for choice. The staff are very friendly and accommodating. Ideal for the airport, nearly 30 minutes drive. Definately stay when I visit Delhi again.	
May 10 2009 	Efficient and convenient	I have been staying at the Intercontinental Eros, Nehru Place, Delhi once in a few months since 2006. It is very close to my Delhi office and I find it very convenient to stay. The property is a typical city hotel - large and impersonal (which is good when you are on business!). The staff are very courteous and the rooms are spic and span. They are one of the few hotels which provide all toileteries including shaving kit and toothbrush and toothpaste - a welcome convenience for frequent business travellers like me. Occasionally I have had trouble with the irons in the rooms, but nothing which the staff haven't solved promptly.Their restaurants are good and provide a decent variety. The coffee shop does a good breakfast spread and one can take a quick bite or have a luxurious breakfast depending on what one wants. The Singh Sahib does excellent north Indian food and the bar is very relaxing place. That is, except when the live music is on in the bar. If you want to just relax and nurse a drink after a long, hard day, the live music isn't something that helps. They have a good sized swimming pool located on the back side next to the lawns, well away from the hustle bustle of the hotel.The business centre is small but efficient. Some rooms have views of the Lotus Temple.A place I would recommend for the business traveller but may not be ideal for tourists.	
May 7 2009 	Very elegant	world class facilities.. very serene interiors and very ample parking space/	
Apr 26 2009 	The worst hotel ever stayed in india	The worst experience ever had in india, the hotel staff member are least bothered abt there guest.Wld never recommend to visit itz a horrible experience.	
Apr 26 2009 	Convenient Location Excellent Food	Intercontinental Eros is in the city center and has a very convenient locaiton. Restaurents offer a variety of cuisine options. Rooms are spacious and elegantly laid out.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great Food and Good Hotel	A brilliant hotel, I always stay here when I am in Delhi. In the middle of the city, affordable price and great food...	
Apr 20 2009 	Good Hotel	The hotel is nice. Rooms are comfortable and the dinings options are good. The room can do with some renovation - though it was clean and well maintaned, it was not the typical contemporary room that one has come to expect from 5-star hotels located in metros. The curtains and carpets could do with a replacement. The service though was very good.	
Apr 19 2009 	Lap of luxury	Good luxurious rooms and discounted rates...what else would you want..... 2 Hr complimentary Internet	
Feb 26 2009 	My First Bad Intercontinental Experience	I am a Intercontinental groupie but this was a poor experience. The hotel is tired inside and out and in a second class location. The Club Lounge was well below my expectation and the rooms are old-fashioned. And to top it all very poor handling on check-out of an overcharge on my account....real obstinacy that I have never experienced anywhere before let alone at an Intercontinental. There are much better Delhi hotels including the Lalit which was Intercontinental until recently!! Come on Intercontinental...get it sorted	
Feb 16 2009	A Quaint Room with the Biggest Kingsize Bed You Can Imagine!	We live in New Delhi, but chose to take a 24 Hour &quot;escape&quot; in town. If you know anything about Delhi, you would never think of Nehru Place as a get-away place! It is reminicent of a run-down Westworld from the Yul Brynner 1973 film. The hotel was a pleasant surprise. Mission control was the room itself. A huge bed made for comfortable sleeping and a playing surface for some family games. Definitely request a room on one of the top floors. The view out the huge windows bypasses the built up commercial areas and looks onto a green patch of Delhi. One can see the Lotus Temple in the distance.The breakfast is well worth eating. The huge fruit bar, cereals, and juices were great.The swimming pool was freezing but refreshing. Don't expect any privacy though, as half the floors look right down on you.There is now a cineplex 2 minutes walk from the hotel and some fast food joints for those who want to get out, but not waste time getting there.As for all 5-Star hotels in Delhi, the price is not worth it unless someone else is paying.	
Jan 20 2009 	Great Experience at Eros Intercontinental	The hotel looked drab from outside and the mall in the lower floors seemed depressingly empty but the inside is a different story. It is richly decorated even if it is a little dated.This hotel oozes with the professionalism of older hotel chains. Service was not perfect in that we had to follow up on a few things but it's evident that the staff aims to satisfy its guests.The breakfast buffet served food of the highest quality featuring local and international cuisine.The gym was busy in the morning with serious health buffs so that tells you the equipment is good. The staff in the gym actively helped guests while they were working out.Amenities in the room abound, perfect for people like me who can't resist taking those bottles of shampoo and conditioner home with me.Additionally, there's a market across the street in which everything from electronics to used clothes are sold.	
Jan 10 2009 	Great Place in Delhi	The InterContinental Nehru Place in Delhi is a very welcome place away from the hustle and bustle of the city.The hotel itself is located in the south-east of the city, about a 25 minute drive from the centre. Taxis are very cheap, however if you want a bit of luxury, the hotel offers reasonable prices for half day and full day rates for their cars and drivers, which are the Honda City, the Toyota Camry or the Audi A4.The hotel also has one of the best Indian restaurants I have had the pleasure to eat in called the Singh Sahib, which offers good Punjabi fare and also has great live music. There is also a good Chinese and a cafe style restaurant too.The pool is outdoors and a bit of a dissappointment along with a fairlly small gym which is next to a spa offering various treatments.The Executive Club floor (or package) is worth going for as there is a plentiful supply of tea, coffee and chocoaltes all day long and a nice breakfast and snacks later on. The Club lounge also offers fantastic views from a rooftop balcony overlooking both sides of the hotel including one over the nearby Lotus Temple. The Executive package also offered free return transfers to the airport, which is a godsend in Delhi and more than makes up for the price difference. The downside of the lounge is the provision of internet access that must be paid for, so you may as well hook up in the room on a laptop which offers more privacy.All in all, a good stay with friendly staff and good size rooms and bathrooms.	
Jan 6 2009 	Sheer Bliss	My family and I recently stayed at the Intercontinental Nehru Place. As I give close attention to reviews from Trip Advisor, I was a bit concerned about the value of this stay. My concerns were alleviated, however, over the course of our time at Nehru Place. We found the Nehru Place to be exceptional. We stayed in two club rooms which were extremely comfortable. The club room included a soft bed (felt almost like a water-bed) with comforter, a spacious bathroom, an outstanding view of the Lotus Temple, and top of the line bathroom amenities. We also had access to the Club Lounge which was the best Club lounge I have been to in India-highlights of the lounge included great food with pleasant views of the city. The lobby of the hotel is gorgeous while the hotel restaurants are top of the line (we ate dinner at the Indian restaurant which included great food and live music). What set this hotel apart from the rest was our experience with the concierge who went out of his way to help us with future travel plans to Agra and to find a hotel package suitable to our needs and budget. The one shortcoming of our stay was check-in. I believe that the Nehru Place could grow by improving its Club Room check-in. We highly recommend Nehru place (especially with a Club Room) to anyone looking to experience five star luxury at a great value in Delhi.	
Dec 17 2008 	Disappointing...	Anyone who has experienced Indian 5 star hotels comes to expect a lot in terms of quality of the hotel and service. In that light, this hotel is a disappointment. It is stuck in time 15 years ago in more ways than one. The carpets smell musty, the decor is jaded, the rooms are ordinary, the staff seems bored and even the supposed traditional Indian welcome seems contrived....The breakfast is the standard buffet you can expect in such a hotel. No surprises or shocks. Yes the location is very convenient to check out Delhi. If you are lucky you can get a room with a view to the Lotus temple which is a beautiful structure. But at the price it is a rip off. There are other hotels around with similar or better offerings at a significantly lower price. If you must stay in an Intercontinental chain hotel then the Crowne Plaza in Gurgaon is a far better property.	
Dec 10 2008 	Perfect stay at InterContinental	A wonderful place to stay that has thought through every apsect of a stay and has taken care of every detail. We were there 3 days/2 nights found it to be a great place to sleep, eat, meet , work and relax. It was also very easy to operate from, to get in and out of, to get to the places we wanted to go to.	
Nov 3 2008 	good	great hotel, great facilities there, allways ready to help, less time consuming services, great food.	
Oct 15 2008	Great Business Hotel	I've come to expect a certain level of service at Intercontinental hotels around the world, and the Nehru Palace doesn't disappoint. The hotel is well maintained, the staff is very professional and is eager to help, and the rooms are well appointed and very comfortable (you can even select one of many styles of pillow you want). The 24-hour fitness facility is well equipped with treadmills, ellipticals, stairmasters and a variety of weight machines (There is also a spa and yoga/aerobics service, but I did not use either).As people have stated earlier, the breakfast buffet is fantastic. The same restaurant also serves a lunch and dinner buffet, which is quite nice. For transportation, the hotel does offer a driver service for pick-up and drop-off at the airport for about Rs.2,200. The driver will meet you in the arrivals hall, and the drive to the hotel is about 40-60 minutes depending on traffic.Overall a delightful experience. I hope to stay here again on future visits to New Delhi.	
Aug 7 2008 	The Place to Stay in New Delhi	The intercontinental is the hotel chain to stay at in India. The service is impeccable at this hotel. The second you walk in someone holds the door for you and you are served some fresh guava juice. The rooms are spacious and the bathrooms very nice and new. The pool and outside are quite nice as well. The buffet breakfast is a vacation in its own right. There is a few Western, Asian, and Indian breakfast. This buffet is one of the top five buffets I have ever had. The location is good as well. It is located very close to the famous Lotus Temple within walking distance actually. It is also located across from a mall with a decent selection of restruants. The hotel operates a taxi hire service where you can hire a taxi to take you around the city in an old ambassador car. This is very reasonably priced and the best way to get around the city.	
Jul 3 2008	I Like the services of this hotel	Hi, this is Prince - really i like the services of this hotel coz we have already operated one chartered plain Qantas of 220 peoples and yes in few words i want to say that hotels services was good from front office bell desk to sales person...thanks CHEERSPrince9899000220	
Jun 29 2008 	Oasis in the city	Excellent service, friendly but not imposing staff, room high standard but the bathroom a little tired with cracked plastic bath and loose electric switch hanging from the wall (reported at the time but not repaired). Food generally good, but after a sandwich in the tea lounge I was struck down the same evening with the notorious Delhi Belly.Would stay there again as the overall ambience is relaxing.	
Jun 15 2008 	Brilliant!	This hotel is absolutely fabulous...Very Grand and the service is brilliant. The moment you walk into the hotel, you are transferred into a frenzy of senses, smell, sound, sight - all very authentic and indian, beutiful insence etc etc...You cannot go wrong with this hotel, though it is far out from the city.	
Jun 11 2008 	A great week at Nehru Place	Stayed here for a week in June 2008. Staff are the best i have ever experienced.. Nothing was too much trouble. Rooms were clean and functional, flat screen TV, desk, refrigerator..Internet connection was expensive (200Rps per hour)..Car and driver to and from airport was an excellent complimentary service. Food in the Indian restaurant and breakfast was excellent. Would stay again.	
Apr 30 2008	Good hotel	We have just returned from two over night stays at this hotel. On both occasions it was a very pleasant hotel. Staff very good- competent and charming. Food at breakfast and in Indian restaurant good. Rooms quite spacious and clean.	
Apr 19 2008	A great stay	We stayed at this hotel as part of a Golden Triangle trip. This was the friendliest and best appointed hotel of our trip. The evening buffet was super - especially the chef's made to order dosa!	
Apr 12 2008	Excellent Eros	We arrived into Delhi for a couple of days relaxation before our tour of Northern India &amp; Tiger Safari.The reviews on the web had me a little concerned but I should not have worried as being an Intercontinental Hotel it more than lived up to their great reputation.The hotel was spotless, the food excellent &amp; the staff were very professional &amp; yet friendly at the same time.I thought the hotel was magnificent &amp; would recommend it for business &amp; leisure travellers.We stayed again at the end of our tour just to wind down before the return home to the UK.	
Mar 17 2008 	Lovely rooms to relax in	This hotel was booked for us by a travel agent and having read other peoples reviews I was quite anxious about staying there, but my worries were put to rest when I arrived at the hotel. After being a very busy tour for 4 days I welcomed relaxing in the luxurious room. The hotel is beauitful and the rooms are excellent, exactly what you would expect from a 5 star hotel. My only complaint is that after lunch in the lobby lounge, I was knocked out for the rest of my stay with &quot;delhi belly&quot;.	
Mar 8 2008 	Great Hotel	Having read the recent reviews I was somewhat hesitent to stay at the Intercontinental but after staying there for a couple of days I must say that I was very happy with the hotel. I did not come across any construction or renovation at the hotel.The hotel is very clean and modern. The pool are area is very large and pleasant. The rooms are a decent size and have most of the amenities required.I found the staff to be professional and adequate. The hotel had a couple restaurants with various chinese, indian and international selections. They also had a great buffet.Overall, I was very satisfied with my stay and I would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 21 2008	good for short stay	Very clean hotel with lots of marble and modern design. Small shopping centre nearby. Several restaurants to choose from but only sampled main buffet restaurant which was pretty average. Mostly Indian food with small choice of international dishes.We stayed for 2 nights which was about right., not a hotel for longer stays.	
Oct 3 2007	Tourist = $$$	Nice Hotel but in a single room you never sleep along, as hotel is being restructured, mice run around rooms, good luck	
Sep 23 2007 	Noisy - lots of traffice noise/car alarms etc	My company booked this hotel for me. I checked in and asked for a quiet room. they gave me room 708 and it was very noisy as the hotel is surrounded on all sides by busy streets full - just normal delhi traffic such as constant horn blowing, two stroke engines etc and then add in the car parks and car alarms plus thin windows and it is a noisy experience. I spoke to the staff about a quieter room and all the rooms are the same as they are all exposed to the outside roads. I stayed at this hotel for a total of 3 hours and couldn't stand it anymore and changed hotels.The room was small and tired looking and also smelt pretty bad.I checked out and there were no surprises on the bill so they charged Inr12,000 plus 1,625 luxury tax and the internet was 800 + 100 VAT + service tax 99 so the total bill Inr14,623 or US$365 for three hours.	
Sep 4 2007	What a disgrace	Were do we start?really need to improve this one - Hong Kong hotel is 20 out of 10, this one is 0. room is so old and tired no life in it carpet had stains on itbed is sagging no shower in the bathroom, have to stand in the shower which has paint peeling off then at night when the next room flush the toilet it wake you up. Want to go out of hotel and see or buy something but also no shops or anything nearby to see and the only shops in the hotel are carpet sellers sorry never again. will next time go back to another hotel	
Sep 3 2007 	Good facilities	I have not stayed in this hotel however when in Delhi I always go on Sunday for the fantastic buffet lunch and a swim.You buy a day pass at the gym for the pool which allows you to use the lockers, showers etc and they give you a towel.The buffet on Sundays is fantastic. There are several parts to the buffet with salads, hot food, desserts, cheeses etc. There is always two sections which change each week... one where it is different hot food cooked on the spot ie: chinese, pasta, seafood etc and another where it is a cold food prepared on the spot like sushi.There is always a chocolate fountain on the dessert table which is delicious.	
May 8 2007	good hotel but serious management problems	I have stayed at this hotel a few times over the last few years and have reviewed it in the past.The good things are still good - excellent restaurants, friendly staff etc.But when I got home I found that my credit card had been charged TWICE for my stay. I settled my bill in full when I left, and that charge was on my statement. But an identical charge was ALSO on my statement, dated a few days later. So the hotel double-charged me. I have asked my assistant to sort this out with the hotel but surely the hotel should make sure that this doesn't happen in the first place.	
May 4 2007 	A fantastic hotel with major problems	This is such a fantastic 5 star hotel. So beautiful and sparkling clean with fantastic service and food. The Spa and gym is great and they have a beautiful outdoor pool. If you do not have a reason to be closer to the city this is a good choice. However my problems started on the InterContinental Reservation line. I spoke to a friendly woman who quoted me a price for a Club Room and I booked my reservation. I was soon contacted and told that she made a mistake and no price existed for the Club Room Category. I let them know that was not my fault and that they should still honor the quoted price. They eventually did and a division of InterContinental Hotels ended up picking up the tab for the 3,000 rupee difference. That was only my first problem. I was there for a special occasion and soon found that the room above was having major construction. We had to listen to pounding and jackhammers for 3 days. I became very from what had to be the hotel food and had to extend my stay by 1 night. I was contacted 4 times by phone by different front desk emplyees to let me know that I would be paying a much higher rate for the extra night. In addition, I receieved a note under my door and the duty manager called to be sure that I knew this. It was excessive and not very good timing given my stomach illness. The last straw was when I shut the dressing room closet and the glass shelf of the bar collapsed (the bolt fell out of the wall) and the entire shelf and contents of the mini bar shattered on and around me feet. This was not only inconvenient by dangerous. I called and house keeping was sent to clean the mess but I was never contacted by anyone else to check as to my condition after the misahap. Upon checkout they tried to charge me for the broken bottles though I had made sure that the Manager knew of the situation. Any problems that you may encounter in this hotel are brushed over. They want to pretend that everything is perfect when in fact it is not. They also tried to charge me for a much higher rate and I had to insist that the Duty Manager get involved. Forget trying to get access to t he GM as they will not allow it. This hotel has big problems. It is a shame as it is so gorgeous. The service in the restaurants and the room attendants is fantastic. It is just the management and front desk personnel that are a problem.	
Apr 10 2007 	Good choice in Delhi in ~$US200 range	My wife and I stayed a couple nights at the Intercontinental Nehru Place after wrapping-up a one-month trip in Rajasthan. Delhi is expensive, and hotels are often poor value. This hotel is not cheap (around $230 after taxes), but it's a plush, comfortable, quiet hotel that is good value for Delhi.	
Mar 23 2007	more problems than solutions	i stay there only one night, but to use wireless in the hotel not possible, when i did the check out they forget to charge me some phone calls, so i advise than about it, we lost about 20minutes to find the phone calls, and they charge me some calls not completed.I advise about the problem but the guy don't do nothing. i hope next time stay in other place more thurst.	
Mar 5 2007	Fantastic hotel sheer decadence.	Clean, tidy and polite staff, from the bell boy to the duty manager nothing was too much. I would stay here again without question. India is expensive currently as there is a shortage of good quality hotel rooms. This hotel costs a similar amount to some much poorer properties in New Delhi perhaps 20% more but worth the investment	
Feb 24 2007 	Fabulous hotel with outstanding service	This hotel was fantastic! From the moment I arrived, I was treated like royalty. The staff even knew my name. Anything I wanted, they were more than happy to help with. The room was large and comfortable. The bed and bedding were luxurious, and they provided a pillow menu if you wanted a different type of pillow. The room had all of the essentials you would need if you did not have your luggage—the desk had an adapter plug, tape, stapler, staples, ruler, etc., they gave me a clean robe and slippers every day, there was even an emergency flashlight, a daily tray of apples, complimentary bottled water, toothbrush and toothpaste, razor…and more. It was a wonderful experience. The towels were so soft, and if you have been in India a while you will really appreciate the hot water, great shower, and actual bathtub. My room was cleaned quite well. I was given a smoking room because I arrived close to midnight, but when they called the next morning to see when I wanted to change rooms, I said I would just stay because the room was fine and did not even smell like smoke. I left my camera n the lobby and the staff found it and brought it to me. I purchased a sari, but mentioned to one of the girls in the lobby that I did not know how to put it on, so she came up to my room with me and showed me how to wrap a sari! They were all so warm and welcoming. For a woman traveling alone, that is important. The food from the “coffee shop” was also outstanding. I ate almost all Indian food and it was great, plus the service was excellent. I will definitely want to stay at this hotel again.	
Feb 13 2007	A star performer	Superb! Came here from the awful Ashok and it was like a different world. Superb staff, clean and efficient, great restaurants. Not quite so central but you always use taxi anyway and it is a price worth paying for this real quality.Would come again to experience the sheer delight of such a great hotel.	
Feb 10 2007 	Avoid bad experience	I was on a 2 week business trip to India and was looking forward to my stay here as all the other hotels I have stayed in here have been excellent. However, this place has some major problems. All sorts of issues that add up to an irritating and unsatisfactory experience. First, I booked a non smoking room. When I went to check in there were no non smoking rooms available and they told me that I could have a smoking room and change tomorrow. When I book something normally it's booked - right? I didn't expect to book something and find it was not really booked. I got the impression there was a big conference that had block booked some rooms, and my one person stay was not too important to them. The room they put me in is above an intersection of 3 streets and as anyone knows who has been to India, on the streets they honk their car horns constantly. This would not have been a problem if the windows closed properly in the room, but they seem to be screwed in place, with some of the screws coming loose, with the effect that some of the windows don't open or close properly and the effect is that the car horn noise comes into the room constantly. The room is OK but pretty shabby. The front control panel is missing from the television. The bathroom does not look particularly clean. Wireless internet is advertised but the wireless does not connect. I was under the impression that having put me in a smoking room I didn't want when I arrived, that someone was going to call me the day after I arrived, to let me know when I was switching rooms - nothing happened. It is the service here that is really lacking. I was knocked out by the service standards of the first hotel I stayed in (the ITC Sheraton &amp; Towers in Chennai), but the service here is poor by the normally high Indian standards. They have this system where you dial &quot;9&quot; for any requests, this links you their &quot;Instant Help Center&quot;. This is a good idea in principle, but the people who answer the phone have such a very poor grasp of English that it can be an irritating experience. I called &quot;9&quot; to ask they why I had not been contacted about changing rooms. They answered the phone with the words &quot;can I help you sir?&quot;, I explained the situation, long pause on the other end of the line, the person then said &quot;can I help you sir?&quot;, I explained again, long pause at the other end of the line, the person then said &quot;can I help you sir?&quot;. You get the picture, you might as well talk to the cat. Instant, but not exactly help. I finally said, &quot;you can't understand anything I'm saying - can you?&quot;, they then said &quot;one moment sir&quot;, pause for 2 minutes of &quot;hold music&quot;. The receptionist was then out on the phone and gave me the impression that they had no intentions of contacting me about my room change, it was kind of up to me to remind them. Not impressive. I also asked them why it was 2pm and my room had not been cleaned. They said there must have been a &quot;DND&quot; notice on the room when the cleaner was there. Why do people in a customer care role use meaningless jargon when dealing with the public? I finally figured out that DND meant &quot;do not disturb&quot;. True - there was a &quot;Do not disturb&quot; notice on my room at 8am, but I'd kinda hoped that between 8am and 2pm a cleaner might have returned. The concierge service was a similarly disappointing experience. I went down there this morning and got some information about a trip to Agra to see the Taj Mahal. The guy gave me some information and I said I'd think about it and come back later. About 4 hours later I went back to the concierge desk and it was unmanned. I waited, and waited and waited. Around 10 minutes went by, with receptionist staff at my side (sometimes not even serving customers) simply ignoring me. I finally got hold of one of the receptionists to try to see where the concierge was and they got hold of somebody. I thought this guy was also a concierge, but it turned out it was just someone they got hold of, he didn't have much of a clue how to help me, but said the concierge would call me by four. Four came and went and I called the ever useful &quot;9&quot; number and asked to be put through to the concierge, long pause again, the receptionist answered and stated that the concierge still was not around, but he would call me in 10 minutes. Thirty minutes later I gave upon getting a phone call and went down to the concierge desk and found him myself. The electricity here also seems to drop out for around 5 seconds, I was sitting in the bath last night and the lights went out. Each time the lights have gone out they have come back on again, but I fear they may not one time. Also a note for all us Americans and Western Europeans who are used to smoking being banned in enclosed public spaces. Word of warning - it is not here, and worse, there is little or no sign-posting to indicate where you can smoke and where you cant. I was having a coffee and a pastry in the coffee area just off reception (where the service was very unresponsive and slow) when I was engulfed in tobacco fumes. This is a pretty horrible experience when you are not used to it. I would not recommend this place, they seem complacent and don't seem to care about their customers. The ITC Sheraton's I have stayed in here have much cleaner rooms and their service standard are excellent.	
Jan 28 2007 	Treated like royalty!	Stayed at this property twice, and had a fabulous stay both times. On our first stay, we arived after midnight, yet it seemed that the entire staff came out to greet us in a receiving line. We were presented with a wrapped gift (a photobook of India) and whisked up to our room, an 1100 sq ft suite. The suite was full of fruit platters, cookies, and flower arrangements, including a 3 foot tall arrangement in the bedroom. The suite was immaculate, and rollaway beds were made up for the children. Both bathrooms were supplied with every imaginable amenity, and the bed was heavenly. On Xmas morning stockings were left on our door, filled with cookies and candies for the kids and miniature liquor bottles for the adults. Service in the breakfast restaurant was extremely attentive, yet unobtrusive, and the staff presented us with more gifts. The club lounge is very comfortable, with very nice attentive staff, and excellent snacks (tandoori shrimp, samosas, sushi, veggies, cheeses, etc., etc.); the only tiny minus is that due to liquor laws, children are not allowed in the club lounge when alcohol is being served. The restaurant Singha Sahib was truly amazing; much, much better than the acclaimed Bukhara at the Sheraton. Upon departure, the restaurant staff packed us a huge complementary lunch to eat on our voyage to Agra. Simply a perfect stay, and we truly felt like royalty.	
Jan 25 2007	They charged me twice	The front desk at this hotel is terrible. They don't know what they are doing. I booked thru Orbitz and my reservation was fully paid for before I arrived. I even brought the receipts with me. When I went to check out, they said that they didn't receive my payment from Orbitz yet. I showed them my receipt and told them to call orbitz. They insisted on taking my credit card. I was very reluctant to give it to them and finally when a manager assured me that a hotel like the Intercontinental would not double charge, I finally gave in. Well I checked my bill today, and they charged me for the reservation. I am so annoyed. I spent my entire evening trying to straighten this out. It is a complete waste of time. I hate this hotel right now. Do Not Stay Here. 	
Jan 14 2007 	Beautiful hotel but pricey facilities	This hotel is beautiful and opulent, as you would expect of a hotel of this price range and class. We stayed here in January 2007 for a couple of nights at either end of a golden triangle tour. The rooms are lovely, furnished well and with a super bathroom (see uploaded photos). My parent’s room did smell of smoke but they were given a non-smoking room when they asked to change so no problem there. The bed was definitely the highlight- it was like sinking in to a cloud! We slept wonderfully. Unfortunately with a hotel of this price the facilities of the hotel were also very expensive, to the point of being unreasonable (in our opinion). An hour of internet was priced at 600 Rs (7 GBP) and when we had to make two urgent 10 minute STD calls to Chennai (south India) from the room we were shocked upon checkout to be charged 2700 Rs for this (over 30 GBP). We were also told at checkout rather abruptly that we had to pay for our breakfast! So we then had to insist that they check the booking and that breakfast was indeed included in our rate. This was a bit of a pain, and the reception staff were quite difficult, but they did eventually concede their mistake once they had checked the booking. Overall, a beautiful hotel with gorgeous beds, but careful they don’t con you on all the extras unless your company is picking up the bill!	
Jan 7 2007 	Better than Imperial IMO.	We did not choose this hotel because booking on its own would've been out of our budget. However, we were fast-talked into some Golden Triangle package, and when we did the math, there was significant savings on the nightly rate for this place. We stayed at this hotel on the last leg of the package, which was our next-to-last night in India. I did not care for India in general, but for those who wish to go there (or return), I would recommend this place. To me, it made up for the hassles and substandard facilities that I had to endure prior to checking into the IC. I found this place far more impressive than the Imperial (where I stayed the majority of the time in Dehli), albeit without its history. It's a nice business-class hotel, and I thought it was tourist-friendly as well, although most other guests there were on business. I am very picky and am used to American standards in hotels, but I was still fairly impressed. No problems in check-in/out, professionally handled. I don't recall any problems with the room. I loved the public areas and the lovely bakery. I didn't have a chance to use the pool. I worked out in the ladies' gym. My only problem was that the jacuzzi was slimy inside. Ew. So I didn't use it. Although the gym was fine, I've used better spa facilities, but still overall the place was better than anywhere else I could've afforded to stay (didn't try the Oberoi).	
Dec 19 2006 	loved the service	I stayed at intercontinetal in december 2006. Check in was easy, staff very friendly. Food in the restaurant was delecious with lot to choose from in the buffett.Rooms are nice and clean and beds are made twice a day and staff is always wanting to go extra mile to help the customers. I will definitely stay here on my next visit to delhi.Only drawback is distance from the international airport which is about 45-60 minutes drive.	
Nov 1 2006 	A great experience	My husband and I stayed at this hotel in October for 5 nights and found it to be excellent. We had a package for our whole trip to Delhi/Agra and everything went like clockwork. The tour operators (Go India Tours) collected us from the airport and took us to the hotel - arriving at about 3.00am to a warm welcome and to find our hotel room ready for us. We had a delightful room, quite large and with a king sized bed, and spacious marble bathroom. Whenever we requested a car during our stay, one was available instantly. Perhaps this is the answer to the previous critic - order a car on demand!The breakfast buffet choices were extensive, and every taste was catered for. We had dinner at the Sing Sahib restaurant and the lamb shanks were really divine! I totally recommend them. We went to dinner at the famous Imperial Hotel for lunch one day, and on one night ate at their Spice Route Restaurant. The restaurant was just mangnificant, but unfortunately the food not good at all. The food was much better at the InterContinental.The only problem with our room was the plumbing in the bathroom was a bit noisy, and the water did not drain away when showering. We did not advise them about this - we just did not get around to it, so we really should not complain.Our trip to Agra was fantastic - our tour company collected us from the hotel and physically put us in our first class train seats. We were met in Agra and had a wonderful day checking out the Taj Mahal and the Agra Fort. Everything went to plan and we had a terrific day.The Business Centre is very good, but they do charge you for internet use. It was not very expensive.All in all, a very nice 5 star hotel and we would definately stay here again.	
Oct 10 2006 	Nice Hotel frustrating experience with the Staff	We booked at this luxury hotel, hoping for a relaxing weekend in Delhi.Before arriving at the hotel I called two days ahead and requested that a driver pick us up from the airport. I provided my arrival time, and the hotel said he would be there with a placard with our names and a hotel sign. On our arrival, we spend about 15 minutes looking for our driver. A helpful airport employee called the Hotel &amp; put us in touch with the front desk. The Hotel stated that they didn't have any flight or arrival information so couldn't send a car. I provided this information days earlier, and was verbally told everything was in order. We waited another 30 minutes for another driver to pick us up, and of course were charged for it.I had also made a call to the Hotel to line up a driver for a day trip to Agra &amp; the Taj Mahal. The concierge on the phone quoted us a price which I agreed to, and he confirmed we would have a driver Saturday morning at 7am and a tour guide for the Taj. He told us that we could pay at the concierge desk when we arrived. The first night we arrived at the hotel, we stopped by the concierge desk to pay. They said they couldn't find any information on our tour request! We started from scratch &amp; booked a tour that night. Fortunately a driver picked us up the next day &amp; we had a great day trip. This was the second major lapse by the staff.Our room was nice, clean and elegant. One of the main problems on our floor (5th), is that they must have just re-varnished all the woodwork on that floor. The fumes were overwhelming to the point of nausea. Luckily our room wasn't too bad.The meals were good at the restaurants, they had an ATM close by, and the facilities including the spa were very nice.The final day we had another communicaton breakdown. We had requested a driver at 12noon the last day to take us to the airport. When we checked out, no one had any idea about a driver. Luckily the bell captain made a call and we had one shortly.With the premium price of this 5-star hotel, we were very disapointed with our service. Our three attempts to line up transportation were either lost or forgotten requiring us to double &amp; triple check all of our arrangements. Not something I would expect from even a three-star hotel. We'll be staying elsewhere on our next trip.Marc - USA	
Oct 3 2006 	Fabulous facilities good rooms	Was in Delhi for an extended time over the summer and decided to splurge for a weekend. First was showed to a room facing the street--our request for a view of the Lotus Temple and the pool in the back was granted; however, not without delays. The wrong set of keys were sent up and when the right set came they got stuck in the door for some time. The lady who showed us the room was obviously flustered and the bellboy tried to be helpful. Staff are desperately in need of some training. Finally, got it open after 15 minutes waiting outside our room. One other thing, a constant alarm in the adjacent stairwell was buzzing for a few hours in the middle of the night; called operator twice until it stopped. Other than these episodes, rooms were clean; comfy beds; massage and spa were great. Great big and clean pool. For the price and quality of facilities, I would stay here again over the Imperial Hotel.	
Sep 27 2006 	Getting even better	I stayed at this hotel about a year ago and had loved its location as I had found that it was close to most of areas I had planned to visit. It was a good experience then, the staff was friendly, the services easily comparable to any other five star in Asia and pretty good value for money. This year due to sheer convenience I once again stayed there. Though the hotel's standard services are still the same one expects from every 5 star hotel, it was the little things they did that made time there so great. Tired from the flight it was a sheer delight to see that I was met at the door and taken directly to the door of my room, baffled I even asked don't I need to check in ? and the answer with a smile was Sir, you are being checked in. Little things like that continued, people always ready to attend to you everywhere. Another thing was if you did actually need something, all you had to do was press one button and the operator did the rest, no matter what you needed... no more dialling different nos. for your diff. needs. Thank God! I tried their chinese restaurant this time...I was thrilled by the authentic cuisine put together by an actual chef from East Asia.All in all, this place is only getting better, I am already looking forward to my experience when I stay there during my next visit.	
Aug 18 2006 	Sorry sir we don't know you	I stayed at this hotel on a business trip, and arrived in the early hours of the morning to be greeted at the front desk with &quot;You don't have a reservation&quot;. Evidently the office at the hotel taking bookings doesn't always make the reservation in the system. Then, for a later stay, I made a reservation at the front desk when I arrived for my first stay, only to be told later (but only when I checked at the end of that first stay) that they didn't have rooms available except on standby basis. Why not tell me this up-front? Or did they not actually make the reservation when asked? The front desk staff need a better attitude to customer service, and to actually do what they say they will do.The rooms are good, and clean: I've stayed in both the Club rooms and one of the Suites. The pillow menu is a nice touch, as is the choice in the room of both feather and synthetic pillows.I never did get the Internet access in the rooms to work, but didn't have time to mess around with their business centre.Another minor irritation was the insistence the doorman made on taking cases away from you on arrival, only to abandon them in the lobby for a period of time. The customer should be given a choice about being parted from luggage or not.	
Aug 3 2006 	Luxury Home Away from our Home	Me and my Family were more than pleased to be met at the main porch right at the Taxi. The man with a professional conversation took us to the Lobby and we with a small break we were taken to our room. I was really tired and wanted to keep away from the normal formality.During the stay when I came back one evening, the Manager at the reception with red tie offered me a complimentary juice and welcomed me back home. What would a tired man of the day wants.Restaurants were clean and the staff was lovely.Rooms were old but well maintained.There is noice travelling from outside. Internet is of good speed.Staff overall is just great.	
Jul 9 2006	Trying Hard	Stayed for 3 days. Room service- excellent. Some reception staff very cool,some get very stressed. One person didnt have a clue and treated us , as if we were staying in her home for free. 24 hour restaurant -you can still see flies allover. music too loud for conversation.	
Jul 7 2006	Imperfect but good. The restaurants were great.	We had 2 rooms for 3 days during an off-peak season. Our price was quite good (6580 Rupees plus tax).The only substantial problem we had was the air conditioning didn't work in one of our rooms. Partial air conditioning was restored within 12 hours, but in the heat of summer, you'd expect a top hotel to apologize profusely, refund your room or offer another room, or something similar. The thermostats and climate control systems were old, but most of the hotel facilities had been updated. The beds, linens, and pillows were very good.The restaurants were extremely good, the menus were interesting, and the wait staff were able to predict some of our special requests. They handled small children well, but the meal wasn't any faster when we explained we were in a hurry. The restaurant prices were high (120 plus tax for a bottle of lesser-brand mineral water) but comparable to other restaurants in top hotels.The business center staff were helpful for establishing internet connections (which wasn't trivial.) Much of the service was quite attentive to detail, such as when the hotel porters put the suitcase on the luggage stand and put the briefcase on the desk, instead of dumpingeverything by the bed.I agree that the front desk staff was not good. They were too easily overtaxed by their regular job duties and they were brusque about handling special requests. Even though they weren't dealing with other customers when I was there, they seemed to feel overstressed and frazzled. There were some other little things that weren't quite perfect. For example, there was a pianist playing in he lobby, but the piano was terribly out of tune. But just the fact that there was a live musician in the lobby tells you that there is a tremendous effortto provide a luxury experience. As one would expect I found this hotel to be far superior to the Metropolitan Hotel Nikko.	
Jun 12 2006 	Worst Front Desk I have EVER encountered!		
Jun 5 2006 	Great to come back in the evening		
May 1 2006	Sheik Sahib...Loved it		
Mar 20 2006	Wonderful Transition Home		
Feb 23 2006	Really excellent business choice		
Feb 7 2006	Interesting Reservation System!		
Dec 29 2005	Great respite from Delhi		
Dec 5 2005 	Surprising but overwhelmingly fantastic!		
Oct 27 2005 	Very pleasant stay		
Apr 2 2005	Fungus in wine bottle		
Dec 27 2008 	Etwas in die Jahre gekommenes Grosshotel		
Oct 3 2007	Puzzolente		
	weekend holidya	Good property, reccomend stay	
	capital dreams	Warm and cozy rooms, plush interiors, nice service and tasty food. Good connectivity for business and tour planner available in the hotel. Nice service for the value paid.	
Nov 17 2009 	Excellent service-would stay there again	Whilst the hotel is very plush and elegant it still had that comfy feeling. We were made very welcome and nothing was too much trouble	
Nov 8 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	Great place to stay in Delhi. The hotel is designed with class and ambience. Had meals in quite a few of the restaurants and all of them were superb. Even tried the Bill Clinton meal in one! It's pretty big and can keep 3 people happily fed!	
Nov 3 2009 	banging all night	Having just got back from delhi and staying in different hotels in delhi { imperial,bristol and raddison} we decided to have a night at the ITC maurya new delhi. the room was so cramp it was the worst room out of all the others we stayed in. there must be better rooms for hotel like this one, some work started in the early hours in our next room and there was banging all night we didnt sleep a wink, tried to phone to reception got no answer and it cost nearly double than all the other hotels. the dublin bar was ok thats all. never again will i stay there staff was ok but didnt offer us a apology, it was the last night of our holiday and the worst.while we was thererecommended to stay looking back on the holiday i cant understand why i didnt complain	
Oct 12 2009 	ITC - ND	One of the nicest hotels. Excellent partys, lots of young people, the only place u can eat good food 24/7 	
Sep 14 2009 	Nice Digs in New Delhi	After traveling for 7 weeks around the world my babysitter and children voted this their favorite hotel. We stayed in tower suites and I am not sure how those rooms compare to other rooms in the hotel. We had two rooms and they were identical. The mosaic shower, large bathtub, nice sized room and attentive service were mentioned as favorites. Everyone loved the coffee, tea and hot chocolate that was served before bedtime and as part of the wake up call. The large outside pool was perfect for an afternoon reprieve from the August Indian heat.The executive floor was nice but not nearly as spectacular from food availability as other executive floors around the world. The nightly offerings for snacks could have been better, but the atmosphere was sophiticated and stylish. The breakfast buffet at the restaurant downstairs had plenty of tasty offerings and the staff made sure that if anyone wanted or needed anything their desires were satisfied. The hotel security appears to be high because of other events in the country. It is impossible to get into the hotel without having your car checked and luggage x-rayed and body searched. One never knows how safe you can be if someone wants to do something, but it appears that the property takes security matters seriously.The only downside to the hotel is the large number of AA and Finnair flight crews do monopolize the business center computers periodically during the day. In the future I plan on staying at the ITC Maurya in New Delhi.	
Sep 13 2009 	Unbeatable Service 	My father and I stayed here together last month. We always stay at the Maurya when in Delhi. We'd asked for a room with twin beds and when we arrived and saw the room, it felt a little cramped. When we asked the guest service manager if he could do something about it, he immediately upgraded us to a wonderful deluxe room, which felt big enough to be a suite. The only issue was that it only had a double bed, but with separate duvets, it wasn't a problem. I ate several meals at the hotel. The Bukhara is an old tradition of mine and yes, while it may be sometimes erratic in quality, I still love it. My standard order is the leg of lamb, daal and naan. I still love the place. The coffee shop has an excellent spread for breakfast, can't complain about anything there. They have all the usual congees, bacon and eggs as well as the indian specialities, which I love to eat when in India. The lunch buffet, the day I ate there, was during a Keralan special day and they had a lot of South Indian specialities. In order to save time, I just asked the waiter to bring all six dishes to my table, which they kindly did. My Humble House - their Chinese restaurant, was just OK by my opinion. We had dinner there and I've had better. But I generally don't like Indian Chinese restaurants. West View - now this is an interesting place. You go thorough a whole slew of dishes from sea food to meat. Again, while the quality is good, I generally prefer local food while in Delhi. Golf Bar - regular bar with a golfing theme. Had Lembu Paani, fresh lime with sugar and salt, delicious.Dublin - Excellent bar. This hotel had a complimentary happy hour from 6 to 8 pm!! Seriously! Ok the whiskey is red label rather than black, but if you have the vodka they'll serve the Smirnoff, which will suffice. Four vodka martinis and dinner is so much better! My only negatives: a) the internet in the room's pretty expensive, yes it is free in the business centre, but I want to use it in the room. b) in an amazingly perfect room, there was a power outlet that must have been recently installed and it was shockingly not level. Normally I wouldn't notice it, but everything else in the room was perfect. c) The bathroom was fully stocked with excellent toiletries, but replenishment wasn't uniform. All items were not replenished daily.	
Sep 2 2009 	ok but overpriced	i stayed at this hotel, booked from the internet, all though december is high season .The rooms are large and comes with all mod cons of five star hotel. my check in was quick as being a gold member of starwood hotels. staff were lot friendly and always knew my name .internet was free and so was breakfast come with room rates. I also had dinner at hotel which was lot expensive than other hotels i have stayed in asia. apart from that, hotel was very nice place to stay.To hotel restu Bukhara please the food is great but price is not its not paris its delhi ,please review your prices .	
Aug 31 2009 	friends night out	I went to this hotel this august on my b'day.It was a impulsive decision and we just dropped in. This hotel is extremely well placed in terms of connectivityThe most famous resutrant in this hotel is bukhara and dal bhukara is the delicacy ( takes around 12 hrs to make it)lavishly decorated main gallery slips into a host of luxary shopping storesThe other side is the resturants and a beautiful swimming pool( which i feel is not good enuf to swim but to just lie and soother your nerves)I've been in this place a lot of time and spent countless nights in it's lobbyI frankly like the crowd here although people who come here are a little old but it's not one of those hotels which are painfully silent.a date, or a b'day party or a romantic getaway is what i'd recommend this one for	
Aug 19 2009 	Excellent Hotel with Excellent Food.	Hotel rooms are very well decorated, very clean and trendy. Food at the main restaurant was really outstanding. The Staff was great with little delays for the check out. The area is not the best of the city and also the Back view was really bad. The hotel is an excellent place to stay in DELHI.	
Aug 11 2009 	Definitely 5*	As far as I can see every 5* hotel in India is amazing. This hotel was more so as it literally had everything you could ever need. ( if they didnt have something that you wanted, they would get it for you ). Food and bars very good and very entertaining. Well worth a visit.	
Aug 3 2009 	Space for improvements	Just returned from my jurney in India. I had two seperate stays at Maurya and my general impression is that there is some space for improvements left. It might be that some thinks changed due to recession but failures which shouldn't happened includes:-wake up call automated service didn't work properly, that's why afterthat I requested personal wake up call which was either late for 15 minutes and provided again with automated service. From that point I missed an important meeting that day.-Housekeeping department should be focused on small things, placed in room, not to be missed. There should't be discrepance on ameneties in separete rooms.-They advertise Executive lounge but one is not in funcion. Having drinks in basement in Dublin at 6PM is realy not an unforgatable experience, although Dublin itself is nice. As I am Platinum I was offered having drinks in Tower lounge, but again very limited service.-Temperature at Delhi is too hot to spend a couple of hours near the pool, but having service available in order to buy yourself some drinks would be a nice gasture.-Confirmed Pick up service at railway station failed, concierge told me that they sent a car, but we will never know if we really missed each other or not.I personally expected (based on experience of other collegues) upgrade to ITC One based on my status - but this is completelly my fault. But after changing the room where I was woken up due to mainanace (which is a good part as wake up call didn't work again) It would be unwritten rule to treat a guest at least with a fruit platter or bottle of wine in order to say that you are sorry. If not upgrading at that time.Generaly don't get impression that this is the worst property, but as I said there is a room for improvement. Personally I will pick up another location next time.	
Jul 28 2009 	Top Delhi Hotel	Located very close to the International Airport, this 5 star hotel is located in the green diplomatic enclave. However there is still some distance to go to the centre of the city and all the sights.The service and the rooms are of excellent quality and certainly as expected fo any 5 star hotel in the world. Staff do try and do as much as they can to help and are prompt in their service. The rooms are very clean, modern, well featured and above all very comfortable. The hotel has most features you would expect like a swimming pool and spa and has numerous top notch restaurants.The only drawback could be that the hotel is expensive given the local cost of living. However you can't go wrong by staying here.	
Jul 25 2009 	Good facilities but disappointing service	Stayed here for 5 nights in July for business.First the positives:+ Nice location in a quite part of the town (Diplomatic Enclave)+ Large, clean rooms with good amenities ... Molton Brown bath products a nice touch of luxury+ Great restaurant selection and food, although expensive (especially the alcohol)+ Very nice spa ... one of the best massages that I've had in a long timeNow, the reasons why I would NOT recommend this hotel:- Front desk ... non-smoking room that I reserved was &quot;given away&quot; to another guest. Guy at check-in took 15 minutes to figure out what to do with me, and I could hear him telling the manager that my rate didn't quality for a better room ... not very professional- Restaurant ... breakfast can be extremely busy and the staff does not deal with the chaos well. My colleague and I on separate occasions had our tables given away to another guest while we got up to get some coffee- Room service ... messed up my order and took forever to resolve. And on top of that, the food wasn't very good	
Jul 15 2009 	Love the Maurya Sheraton	I stayed at the Maurya Sheraton in September, 1984. Your quiz doesn't go back that far. I LOVED it! It was beautiful and one could really experience Indian culture. I had excellent service . I took a cab in every day to be with friends in Vijay Nagar. I went on a tour of Delhi, New Delhi and Agra and saw the Taj Mahal.The whole trip was an exotic paradise. I hope I get the opportunity to stay there again.Reneé T. Armstead(Beachwood, Ohio)	
Jun 21 2009 	Grand Palace !	What a grand welcome this great hotel offers! This was the same hotel Bill Clinton chose to stay during his visit to India.No doubt I too was completely overwhelmed by the grandiosity of this place.This is surrounded by one of the greenest places in Delhi.Located in the heart of Diplomatic enclave this hotel in very convenient for meetings with politicians.I stayed here overnight for our business meeting in an executive suite in New Tower .Food was great as usual, delicious, vibrant display and great variety.The bathroom utility products are also of very good qualityThe price is surprisingly low as compared to other well known business hotels in Delhi.You can book your stay thru website which offers great prices.In all a magnificient place to stay.It's a landmark hotel to witness the richness of Indian heritage.	
Jun 18 2009 	ITC Maurya New Delhi	Only had the pleasure of staying here for one night, but as with all the ITC hotels I have stayed in, everyone was friendly and helpful..The rooms were spacious and very clean.We ate in the hotel that evening and had a selection of sushi, which was lovely, we were celebrating a birthday that evening and they made the evening extra special.The hotel is a little way from the the sights - short cab ride its well worth to sometimes escape and be in a relaxing environment..	
Jun 15 2009	Excellent property the best indian food	very well located, great property, looks old from outside but well appointed inside. the best is the indian food restaurant- bukhara. overall food is exceptional in the hotel.	
Jun 13 2009 	Luxury hotel in Delhi suits business and leisure travellers	Stayed at Maurya hotel for 2 days. On my arrival day, I had some time over and could enjoy the pool. Very good service and friendly staff. On one night, I needed cash for the day after and reception send their car to take me to nearest ATM. As a single woman traveller, the transfer to airport was complementery. I had a room on Star Guest Prefered Floor -Room 1505. Very interesting painting in the main lobby. One thing though which I found strange : when I needed a car for a day, I didn't receive an official price list for car renting....instead the answer was a little bit confused and unclear. The stay was very good overall. But be ready that restaurants in the hotel are quite expensive. I had Lunch Buffet, it was really good, costs 2000INR.	
Jun 13 2009 	Magnificent Maurya	I had stayed in Maurya, as part of my business visit to Delhi. My overall experience was just amazing..1. The room's warm colors give you a sense of peace and comfort, especially at the end of an arduous day2. Each room has its own mini-bar - stocked with the best alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks3.The swimming pool was large and very well maintained4. There was rich variety in food - plenty to choose from (Buffet at coffee shop, Bukhara, Drinks at the club etc) 5. Prompt room service6. Very helpful staff - (for instance, they never showed me directions but actually led me to the place)Truly delightful experience overall - would love to return..	
Jun 11 2009 	Best hotel for dining out in North India	The Maurya has the best selection of North Indian food. The hospitality is great - you are in a special world right from the time that the doorman greets you. I love the lobby - one can conduct a full-fledged business meeting right there. The rooms are lovely and the offers like the trip to the Taj Mahal are really well thought-through. I also like the shopping arena in the hotel which is open at unearthly hours for the last-minute shopper. The attention to detail in the restaurants is wonderful - it is easy to make friends among the lovely staff.	
Jun 10 2009 	Expected More	Stayed for a night and honestly was left a tad bit disappointed. It was alright. The food in the chinese was exp and ok. The room was big but didn't care much for it. Wouldn't return	
Jun 10 2009 	Great Hospitality	Just two points to make, great hospitality and good food at bukara.	
Jun 8 2009 	Good HotelGreat Location	One of good hotels in New-Delhi.Excellent Location.Nearby to India Gate.Located near to all Embassies.	
Jun 7 2009 	All you can ask for in a Starwood Hotel only 15 mins from airport	The ITC Maurya has all the facilities (gym, pool, spa) that you will need to feel comfortable. Rooms were very clean with excellent attention to detail. Business center offered free internet use. Internet in rooms was expensive but inline with other 5-star western hotels. Food in hotel is excellent. The restaurants here are well known and local wealthy Indians dine and party here. Bars are supposedly well known but I didn't go to any of them. Pool is nice and you can swim laps. Gym is excellent and the spa looks great as well.The only problem I had was that some of the staff weren't as friendly and helpful to my wife and I because we were not business folks, but travellers dressed in casual clothes and sandals. The travel desk wasn't particularly helpful when we needed to get a train and they told us that they'd call the bus station for a bus schedule but they never did.The only other thing I was annoyed of is that the hotel taxis will try to tout you. They don't like to make one way trips so they will try to tout you and ask you if they can stay and wait for you at your destination. Often times, it's just cheaper to walk onto the street and grab and auto rickshaw.	
Jun 5 2009	awesome experience	its a great hote. great rooms. Awesome service. Good food. overall a great experience	
Jun 4 2009 	Great Hotel with a Class of its own	Its a very good hotel to stay with I liked it as its half way from Airport and the CP. The hotel has a class of its own with very modern looks of rooms, the staff is very prompt, the service is very good and every minute details is taken care off when you stay with them. Has very good choice of food with very good Indian style restaurant. In general its a worth stay I had, good rooms, prompt service, very good food and a great place all equipped to have a business deal	
Jun 4 2009 	Fantastic Stay	I am frequent traveler to Delhi and had the opportunity to stay at this iconic hotel. The rooms are fantastic. the re-done bathrooms with clean lines are nice. the modern looks make it truly on par with any other 5 star hotel room across the world.The food is expensive ( no surprises there huh ?) but they do have good room service and I was also offered free breakfast for some strange reason. :-)	
Jun 3 2009 	Loved the Oriental Food- Humble House	Clearly, this is one of the most happening hotels in India, Speedy, efficient service. Great location in the Diplomatic Enclave. Terrific food and theme restaurants. A great coffee shop.	
Jun 3 2009 	Loved the Ambience	The hotel ambience is fantastic. The room was good and I really enjoyed the spread of the breakfast buffett. It was an overnight stay for me and I really liked everything about the hospitality which the hotel provided.	
Jun 3 2009 	Not that good	The experience at Maurya was bad to say the least.It looked like a cheap hotel which hasn't been maintained for ages. The food was pretty good but overall the place was bad.The cleanliness was not upto the mark.On the positives, apart from the food, the location was good. It is an ideal place in Delhi.To the readers, my views may look a bit biased but overall it was not a great place to stay.	
Jun 3 2009 	Passion for comfort	Hotel Mourya is crown of historic city of Delhi.During business stay they provide all luxury and comforts which really miss in other place.Good food and warmth service are the tool which fetch you again and again in Hotel Mouya	
Jun 2 2009 	the best hospitality	one of the best hotels in Delhi with positive vibes and always look lively. The BEST HOSPITALITY never found any where else in the world.	
Jun 2 2009 	Excellent Service	The best part of my stay at ITC was that they never let me feel that i was away from my home and looked after my comfort	
May 19 2009 	Loved 'My Humble House'	Maurya, in many respects, is ahead of the times. It hosts one of India's first discotheques. Service is speedy, efficient &amp; courteous. Food at all the restaurants is great.- My Humble House is extremely quaint and dainty. Terrific coffee at the bar. Great location.	
May 18 2009 	Excellent hotel - would go back again and again	Having stayed in many of Delhi's five star hotels, I thought I would try the Maurya as I got a very good rate. I was not disappointed, especially as I was upgraded to the Towers (the club wing). The room admittedly was not as big as for example the Oberoi, but big enough and very modern. Best feature was the rain shower in the bathroom, beautifully tiled. The Towers has its own breakfast room, which was quiet and lovely, with waiter service and classical music. The Chinese restaurant and 24-hour restaurant were also excellent. The two Indian restaurants are great but really over-priced and a bit pretentious. The gym/spa has recently been re-done and is gorgeous; however the spa rates are astronomical so I didn't go for any treatments. Hotel staff were always professional and helpful, without being obseqious and hungry for tips as they are in some Delhi hotels. All in all, I would definitely come back to the Maurya. My only real complaint is the location, which is a little bit out of the way - but only a little bit.	
May 11 2009 	Fantastic property	One of the best properties have stayed in - food, room service, location, ambience etc.	
May 11 2009 	Hospitality at it best	Having stayed in couple of excellent hotels in &amp; out of India, at first i did not expect any thing different from Maurya when i did my first booking for a business trip to Delhi.But as soon as you enter the huge central Pavilion from front porch (where reception desk is located) , you can't stop looking at bright lighting ,lots of brass &amp; Gold finish elevator doors.Once inside your room, your dream walk to luxury continues with sparking clean interiors, 32 inches LCD TV, cozy bed &amp; variety of fruits &amp; snacks available at your disposable.To cut it short, if you haven't stayed at Maurya still, you have been missing true luxury at it best !!!!!	
May 10 2009 	Pretty OK	Hotel, stay, food, business facility was good. But the neighbourhood is bad	
May 10 2009 	Royal Treatment	Excellent , Superb. Everything was at its best	
May 4 2009 	A Conference with delicious food	It was offical conference organised by my organisation which included introduction to PDMS etc. It was a full day conference with deligates from wide variety of industries. I had a very delicious indian food. Overall Wonderful day's stay at sheraton.	
May 3 2009 	All about Bukhara and Dum Pukth	The hotel was classy and the service was excellent. the highlight, of course, was the food at Bukhara and Dum Pukth. Seems like ITC Maurya is 'the' hangout of celebrities and VVIPs in New Delhi. The only disappointed was an extra bed that we had asked for, which collapsed in the middle of the night while we were sleeping.	
May 3 2009 	Business Travel - Stay at Sheraton Murya	I like Starwood properties around the world so I decided to stay at the Sheraton Murya Hotel in New Delhi.As a Platinum member of the Starwood Preferred Guest programme, I was upgraded to a suite room which was very spacious and had all the amenities.Check-in is always in the same style as other Starwood properties where staff greet their guests with warmth and in style that reflects all Starwood Hotels. I selected my usual 500 Starpoints welcome amenity which helps build up my points for future redemptions.One thing that I love about this hotel is its fine Indian dining at the Bukhara Restaurant. It is probably the best Indian food I have ever eaten and it is high recommended. Try the kebabs and all the tandoori dishes. You will be so full at the end that you will not feel like eating for a few days.In India, the food spread is so large that there is never an end to eating. I love the food there and if you are foodie like I am, you will surely enjoy this hotel.All in all, I highly recommended hotel for business travellers and not to mention for the foodie.	
May 2 2009 	An evening at Bukhara	Bukhara is a world known restaurant for its aromatic and delicious food.	
May 2 2009 	Business Hang out	My husband has stayed at the Maurya Sheraton more than 25 times and I have accompanied him a few. the architecture, Interiors and Rooms are beautifully designed. The Hotel is meant for the creme de la creme, but the beautiful mural dome in the lobby witnesses hundreds of business meetings,people who just come here to have a meeting and then move on! The beauty salon is good as is the famous restaurant 'Bukhara,' with its Daal Bukhara. Breakfast at he Coffee shop is OK. What is good, is that complaints are dealt with efficiently, but at this price, they better be!	
May 2 2009 	Wish I could give it more than 5 Stars......	This is the first time I am staying at the Maurya &amp; I am overwhelmed. Firstly &amp; most importantly by their service. If the hallmark of a fine hotel is to make you feel welcome and at a home away from home the Maurya Sheraton excels in fulfilling this perquisite by a mile.Every member of the staff is helpful, kind, compassionate &amp; cheerful. They go out of their way to make you feel welcome &amp; comfortable. I just requested housekeeping for a firmer mattress for my back problem &amp; the A. Manager of Housekeeping Mr. Kishore Kumar personally landed up to make sure that I was satisfied &amp; comfortable with the arrangements.The rooms are large spacious and well done up. They are certainly better than the ones in the Taj Mansingh &amp; the Oberois. The spa is fantastic &amp; so is the swimming pool.Last but not the least is the amazing food that one can savor in the Maurya. The Dum Pukht &amp; Bukhara are easily two of the finest restaurants for Indian cuisine in Delhi. Even the in room dining at the Maurya is one the finest I have ever experienced.The warm service, fine dining &amp; comfortable accommodation are only some of the reasons why I would love to give the Maurya Sheraton more than 5 stars &amp; strongly recommend it to my fellow travelers on Trip Advisor.	
May 2 2009 	Loved the Restaurant Bukara	An awesome Mughal Experience... This is what I call Dining in Style... The food tastes so delicious here at this restaurant that people should be careful not to eat their own fingers!!	
May 1 2009	Excellent location - excellent service	spent 3 nights there while on a wedding ceremony in Delhi &amp; Kathmandu. Staff is professional and very keen to help you. Many nice details, i.e. room staff can see from outside if room is occupied, there is european plug on the desk, no need for adapters! food is excellent, though we only had breakfast from the huge buffet and one dinner - all other nighs we were out of the hotel.Only criticism: Lobby is too cold and so is the restaurant. If you sit close to an AC outlet you have to wear winter clothes.	
Apr 30 2009 	Loved the ambience	I just have three words to say for this hotel.. Excellent, Fabulous and Magnificent.. Amazing food in Bukhara restaurant. I just love its speciality - Dal Bukhara. Very good brand shops are also available in the hotel for shopping. It is one of the poshest restaurant of New Delhi. Most of the foreign country ministries stays there during their visit to India. Hotel is landmark of luxury. And honestly speaking, one cannot raise a finger against their service. Its ambience has copious alluring content. I am also fully gratified by their serivce.	
Apr 26 2009 	Outstanding and Palatial	I have stayed at this hotel a few times in the past several months and its service and quality of rooms seems to impress me more on each visit.The attention to detail in each room is perfect. Nothing is there that does not work, and everything you need is in place from the get go - including the simplest need of an iron and board.The room rate may be high, the restaurants on the expensive side, but the hotel does not overcharge for items such as the internet or the laundry (compared to other 5+ star hotels around the world).The service is impeccable and totally reliable - pleasant and courteous staff go out of their way to make your stay a memorable one.	
Apr 23 2009	Loved It	It is one of the most comforting hotes with nice rooms and excellent food. It always nice to come and visit the hotel	
Apr 23 2009 	Excellent Dining Options	On check-in they directed me to a club room which was stinking of cigar smoke. On complaining they shifted me to a non-smoking room, but it was not a club room. I didn't argue with the front desk as the room was comfortable enough. The whole check-in process delayed my schedule by nearly an hour. The room was well-equipped with all amenites. The restaurants in this hotel are excellent. Ate one night at My Humble House, which is part of the Tung Lok Group, which have many award winning restaraunts in Singapore and Taipei. Great ambience and superb food, but frightfully expensive. A more reasonable option is the West View Grill which had an impressive Grill Buffet, with excellent variety of seafood and meats, besides a decent salad bar. I would probably stay here again purely for the dining options, as this hotel also houses the famed Bukhara and Dum Pukt restaraunts, the best known Indian restaraunts in India.	
Apr 22 2009	Great weddin	I had gone to maurya to attend a family function. I must say its d best hotel Ive visisted so far. The ambience was awesome, the food sumptuous..the decor was great.. services were prompt..A very nice experience indeed..I loved the cold coffe with ice cream there :)	
Apr 20 2009 	Bukhara is the best!	The hotel needs no introduction as it has hosted some of the most world famous dignitarties including Bill Clinton. The massage chair, the jacuzzi tub in the bathroom, the music system are my favourites and hence I enjoyed staying here several times in the last 5 years.I would recommend the ITC One rooms as they are an experience in themselves.I also enjoyed the food at Bukhara and entertaining a few clients there for business has provded helpful.The staff, one of the best!You can also enjoy the world class piano by Brian Sylas here. He is too good on the piano and his fingers seems to have some magic.	
Apr 20 2009 	Excellent- The Maurya	Excellent personalised services. Food is of the highest qualtiy. Excellent restaurants- The Bhukara is the best in India. Good loyalty program, the Welcomaward. Happy hours, at the Towers lounge is worth mentioning as excellent.	
Apr 19 2009 	At ITC Maurya	For the business traveler to Delhi, it is the perfect hotel. Conveniently located, good facilities, nice food. The hotel upgraded me - I was glad. The upgraded room was wonderful. I particularly liked the massage chair in the room and the music system - enjoyed listening to Delhi FM channels in the morning while getting ready :-)The size of the property is something that you cannot miss - and that too in the middle of the city.I like the hotel's relative closeness to the airport.Would certainly recommend this for your next Delhi visit.	
Apr 17 2009 	Great Food	This is one hotel property i love to go to time and again. Also a great place to go to with friends or business guests for the food at Buhkara. Recommend a stay at this hotel to anyone who wants to be close to the great food at Mauyra.	
Apr 17 2009 	Luxury hotel famous for its food	The Maurya is a grand hotel. I have stayed there a number of times in different room types. In all cases I found the rooms to be very well outfitted, spacious and ideal for the business traveler or the tourist. The charges are steep in comparison to other hotels however you can see why once you have stayed there. The service is very good and they are eager to take care of your every request. The highlight of the Maurya are its two restaurants The Bukhara and Dum Pukht. Both serve different but unique kinds of Indian cuisine however beware the food is not easily digested by those that have not earned it. A good workout before or after a meal at one of these places is recommended. The Hotel is located near the posh diplomatic area of New Delhi and hence is in relatively verdant and peaceful surroundings.	
Apr 16 2009 	Loved the ambience	It was a wonderful experience &amp; started the moment the check-in formalities started. The front office staff were extremely courtious &amp; their 'namaste' welcome with their smiles takes out all your stress.The room was very well - just right temperature &amp; right lux for the retiring eyes after a stressful day. More importantly the Indianness in the ambience all around, shows the great heritage of India.	
Apr 14 2009 	Excellent rooms	All five star hotels in India are majestic and oversized - this is no exception. Great rooms in the main area - Platinum members, I would not take the upgrade to the ITC tower, rather ask for it in the main tower; newer and larger rooms. Only drawback is constant problems with internet access.Bhukara and Dhum Pukt are v. expensive but excellent restaurants. Bfast is average.	
Jan 24 2009 	A busy hotel!	I love returning to Delhi and always find it a challenge to find a suitable hotel, with good value and location. On a business trip in end Sep-Oct 2008, I had to stay in The Murya for multiple reasons. One thing during my entire stay remained a constant and that was the matchless South-Asian hospitality that began with the chauffer-drive from Delhi airport (DEL) and then on to a warm traditional welcome in the hotel lobby, check-in and right thru to the check out that included a goodbye present and a voucher to use the ITC lounge at DEL. . Not to miss out on the excellent service provided by the concierge, breakfast buffet &amp; beauty salon staff! Apart from some general information issues when approaching staff (maybe because a lot interns are probably working on some shifts) my stay remained hassle-free. Upon first impressions one is quite impressed by the dominating and eye-catching mural painted by renowned Krishen Khanna on the domed-ceiling of the lobby. However the rest of the interiors are a bit dated except from a few upgraded floors. I stayed in an Executive Floor room which I assume was their entry level room. Had no issues with it except that it was a bit on smallish side for a week’s stay. Comfort as promised by Starwood properties with a choice of pillows that boggles your senses. Good room service and great breakfast. Although I find the two restaurants Bukhara and Dum Pukht over priced and overrated. Although the food is great! And how can I forget the Sticky Date pudding with butter scotch sauce at the Dublin Bar. Interestingly enough when I had a mid-night raving for the same, the room service staff made sure that although it was not available on the room service menu in the early morning hours arrange it for me...now that is service!I had a smooth one-week long stay with a truly amazing culinary experience including a breakfast to look forward to and a very friendly beauty salon. In fact I shopped from the little arcade- something I avoid doing at large hotels but I could simply not resist.The only down-side if on a holiday is the crowded lobby as some airline crew stay there and the hotel also hosts many conferences, seminars as well as receives dignities from around the world. Otherwise contrary to some reviews that consider it over-rated to be in the Luxury Collection of Starwood properties, it is a good hotel mainly because of its level of service.	
Jan 8 2009 	A good stay for the business traveler	Stayed here one night for business in the Towers section of the hotel. Room was nice with all the amenities. Tried to book a round of golf in the few hours we had through the concierge and were told that one course was booked and the other was closed. Enjoyed the Dublin Bar happy hour with co-workers from 6-8 PM. They kept on serving free onion rings, chicken fingers and nuts. Also, my co-workers and myself were not charged for any of the drinks. Never got the final word on that, but did happy hour mean free drinks from 6-8PM? Lastly, had dinner at Bukhara and have to say it was well worth it. Everyone will tell you this is where the Clinton's ate when they visited the hotel and if I remember correclty they even have some type of &quot;Clinton&quot; special. I would reccomend reservations because my group had to wait about 30 minutes on a weeknight at around 8:00 PM (after happy hour of course). My biggest complaint was the gym, if you want to call it that. They must have been renovating because it was a handful of cardio machines and a tiny amount of dumbells crammed into what looked like a renovated hotel room.	
Nov 9 2008 	Great Hotel in Delhi	Somewhat expensive but excellent stay in this hotel. Spacious rooms, great amenities.	
Nov 3 2008 	Good but not too great	The rooms at this hotel were great. I only had trouble with check-in and service in general. I had booked 2 rooms but when I arrived at the hotel, only 1 of them was ready. We had to wait for about an hour before the other room was ready. Most of the staff were literally salivating for tips. They all greet you hypocritically hoping that you'll drop a tip in their direction.I think it would be better to stay at the Sheraton in Saket which is cheaper as well as newer.	
Sep 21 2008 	great place	wonderful hotel. stayed in a towers room which was a little small but the quality of the room and elec toys made up for it. massive flat screen tv. great hotel overall, good choice of restaurants, make sure you visit the Bukhara Restaurant, amazing food. Overall kind of expensive place to stay but most 5 * in Delhi are	
Aug 15 2008 	v-e-r-y disappointed.	What I hate more than anything is looking at photos on a travel site and on arrival the room looks NOTHING like that.I was excited to stay at the &quot;best hotel in Delhi&quot;, I had three nights booked.Things didn't start well on my arrival to the Maurya, the hotel had some visiting dignitary and made your arrival seem like it was an inconvenience. Plus, having a pat down and your bags x-rayed and searched as you entered the hotel wasn't comforting.........yes, I'm whining, but I don't do it often, so please forgive me.After requesting a &quot;non-smoking room&quot;, I was put in a smoking room, I returned back down to the reception and after a long wait and a death stare, finally I was put in a non-smoking room.Other negatives:The gym was under construction, so a small room was made into a temporary gym room. Don't bother putting your do not disturb sign on your door, coz it was ignored on m-a-n-y occasions. Aghhhhh!Careful about the charges for a hotel taxi, and if you order your own through reception, ask for an AC car, otherwise they will automatically order a non-AC at the same cost.Some positives:The breakfast buffet was outstanding and the staff happy and helpful.The spa, the head massage was excellent!Bukhara restaurant, simply awesome.The pool yummy.This was my forth visit to India, my last to the Maurya.Sorry to be so negative.Penny	
Jul 31 2008 	Amazing luxury	Hotel looks spectacular and seems to be a favourite of Delhi's rich and famous. I had a room in The Towers which I loved: large, with very tasteful decoration, a wonderful bed and a massage chair. Staff very friendly and efficient. Bukhara is a top-rated restaurant which you have to experience: tandoori eaten without cutlery. Afterwards I can recommended the laundry service that makes your shirt look better than new! My only complaint was a disputed bill from the taxi service: make sure they details their charges to you beforehand.	
Jul 27 2008 	Solid performance	Stayed at the Executive Level in a newly renovated room. Good size room with stable internet connection. Nice bathroom with a glass separation to the bedroom.Very nice touch by room assistant who added personal touch to housekeeping.Breakfast buffet (incl. in rate) offers good choice in Western and Indian food. One point I like about this hotel is that I do not have to hail a taxi and travel around to have my favorite meal downstairs at Bukhara.	
Jun 15 2008 	the preferred residence of visiting heads of state and global business leaders	I had previous experience of this hotel, each marred by something really irritating and/or stupid (from trying to get toiletries delivered to the room, to discrimination in the bar). I have also stayed in most classes of rooms, from basic through to ITC One, and used all bars and restaurants at one time or another. So this wasn't a stab in the dark.My gmail account was blocked by the archimedian internet; some of our reservations were invisible at check-in (of course they were very clear at check-out!); food hygiene is not a priority here (giving support to my theory that it's the 'clean' places that do for you in India); though there often seems more staff than guests, getting staff to do anything is often impossible due to demarcation.As this is (“the preferred residence of visiting heads of state and global business leaders for over 25 years&quot;, it should be better. It probably is for that class of guest. But the hotel demonstrates little interest in others. The Maurya management should look to The Sonar (Kolkata) for guidance...On a positive note, the Towers Club staff are great, as are the Poolside staff; the renovated rooms are a great improvement, especially as the windows now fit...	
Jun 6 2008 	Good hotel but take out a mortgage if you use the Dublin bar.	I stayed at the ITC Maurya a couple of times in May '08.The welcome was very good, as was the check in. The room was small but otherwise was very good indeed with a superb bathroom and walk in &quot;wetroom&quot; type shower. Being somewhat of a 'gadget nut', I was impressed by the amount of thought which must have gone into equipping, furnishing and decorating the rooms. The remote control for all the lights was a nice touch, as was the plasma tv. There is a separate floor which is exclusively for single female guests so they can feel more secure in their rooms.Breakfasts could be taken in a number of different locations in the hotel and all were excellent.The public areas in the hotel were in many cases, sumptuous. There is a very nice outdoor pool, a superbly equipped business lounge and an up-market shopping mall in the hotel itself.The only bad thing was the cost of eating and drinking at the hotel. The 'Dublin bar' was the obvious choice but even during 'happy hour' where drinks were half price, they were still eye-bulgingly expensive. After 8PM, you needed a second mortgage to be able to pay the bill!The other slight problem is that the hotel is not an easy walk from any other shops or restaurants although we did eat away from the hotel wherever possible.On stepping out from the hotel, I was invariably pestered by taxi drivers and 'tuc tuc' (motorised rickshaw) drivers. They did not seem to understand the concept of going for a walk and were typically agressive and pestering with their touting.All in all a superb hotel although expensive by any country's standards.	
May 16 2008 	Expensive hotel but it was GREAT!!!	Stayed for 1 night in the hotel for a recent business trip. As it was a last minute booking, I have no choice but to book directly from the hotel and was booked in a deluxe suite paying a hefty USD630 per night. Definitely the most expensive hotel I have stayed in!!!!! Then again hotels in India are never cheap which is a sharp contrast to the poverty scattered in the city.......very ironical indeedArrived late in the evening and did not really get to enjoy the hotel as I have to check out at 6:00 am the next morning without having to enjoy the breakfast. Check in was prompt and upon entering the room, was impressed with the size and the great comfort the room offers. There is a living room which is separated from the bedroom, the bathroom was spacious with the cabinet located in the bathroom. There are 2 LCDs TVs in the room which is a thoughtful gesture and was equipped with a good working table which is important for business traveller. Internet access was expensive though compared to other ASEAN hotels. The bed was comfortable and the nice gesture of having scented oil to soothe you for a relaxing rest in definitely well thought of. While I did not get to enjoy the breakfast,had dinner at the cafe with my agent and this buffet dinner is very expensive at more than USD60 per person. The spread is not very extensive compared tp what I see in Singapore and definitely not worth the price. Perhaps it was a Saturday, the dinner was more expensive. As we were lazy to venture out of the hotel for dinner and guess buffet is the only choice as we are undecided on what to have.....All I would say is that it's a wrong choice and would have tried other restaurants in the hotel given that there are many other options. The other negative feedback I had about the hotel was its extremely slow checkout and poor service rendered by the staff who has checked me extra for the amount which I have already paid in cash. If not because I was observant, I would have been charged twice. Furthermore, with the rates for deluxe suite, was told it would come with complimentary airport transfer during check in but was told this is not offered at checkout ....definitely another brickbat for the hotel.....	
Mar 19 2008 	Great hotel	Stayed at this hotel for two nights at the beginning of March. The room was clean, the bed was very comfortable with supersoft pillows (my description, guests can choose from a choice of different pillows if they wish). I particularly liked the design of the shower in the bathroom. There was enough room for two armchairs in the room but I have stayed in larger rooms in hotels of a similar calibre. Breakfast was served upstairs and there was a good choice. We had two meals in the pavilion restaurant which were reasonable and one meal in the Dum Phukt which was disappointing. We hired a car (with driver, wouldn't dare drive in Delhi) and he took us to the various sites that we wished to visit and waited while we looked around. Quite expensive, but worth it for our first trip to Delhi. A lovely hotel.	
Mar 18 2008 	Dubya stays here	I went to New Delhi on a business trip and (although a very short stay) I enjoyed my time at the Maurya.There was a very nice pool area and I will be immitating their landscaping in my own backyard. I sat in the lobby waiting on an associate and really enjoyed the live piano player and his &quot;show tunes&quot; from the 30's and 40's.The Pavillion restaurant buffet was fantastic! I wish I had taken my camera so I could have gotten a shot of the desserts...an unbelievable array of decadence. I loved having my own personal French press for my coffee, too. Classy!One of the most renowned restaurants in New Delhi and the world is in the Maurya (I think it's called Bukhara) but I didn't get a chance to dine there.There is a wide array of shops in the hotel and I brought back several beautiful silk scarves for my wife. There were also gorgeous rugs which werre extremely reasonable and could be shipped back to the US. See my photo below.Dubya stays here when he comes to New Delhi...the US Embassy and other diplomatic facilities are just around the corner. The service was excellent and the room comfortable. When I get a chance to come back to India for a personal trip, I will definitely use the Maurya.	
Feb 22 2008 	Great Hotel in New Delhi	Stayed at this hotel for 3 weeks in September of 2007 for work. Room was not very large but sufficient for one person. The hotel staff was very nice and were very eagar to help. There are several restaurants in the hotel. Dublins is a Irish bar which turns into a club at night; a nice place to people watch but the food isn't terrific. Bukhara (which is one of the top restaurants in Asia) is a must for Indian cuisine. You can order their food up to your room or you can dine in. Dum Pukht is another restaurant which is you should dine in. The food was excellent but it is very bright inside the restaurant. I liked the Westview restaurant, you can pick out the food that you want and they will cook it right in front of you. The pool was nice, it wasn't very crowded and the water was warm at that time of year. I wouldn't recommend swimming at dusk because bats occasionally dive bomb the pool. I liked the hotel but it was isolated in the diplomatic enclave and you need a driver to take you around. It doesn't compare to a Ritz Carlton or a Four Seasons but it's one of the nicest hotels in India.	
Feb 6 2008 	Acceptable	I stayed in this hotel from 1/13 to 1/22/08. I had stayed in the adjoining Sheraton Tower last year but I was not too impressed. This time I was in the main Maurya hotel. I had booked the room on the internet. Booking and checkin were very smooth. I was lead to a very spacious suite which was well decorated and clean. I had put in a request for a quiet room and it seems that they had payed attention to this request. Room was turned over twice a day. Bathroom/showers and closet areas were excellent. Breakfast buffet was included in the price [$450] and it was excellent with a great Indian/Western selection. I have only 2 minor quibbles. 1] The breakfat area got quite crowded and chaotic on occasion. 2] Some construction noises were occasionally heard. Overall I had an acceptable experience. The price is steep but that is standard for top hotels in Delhi.	
Jan 1 2008	Wish US based Starwoods were this great	First off, the Starwoods in India make a Platinum guest actually feel appreciated. I wish the US hotels could be as kind. We arrived late from a long set of international flights originating in the US and were quickly ushured to the Towers lobby for a more relaxed check in. Mints and candies were available on the desk and the Rajput unifoirmed doormen took care of our bags.The towers rooms are newly decorated with dark wood accents, an incredible curved mosaic shower, flat panel TVs, a touchscreen panel that controlled the lighting, DND, TV systems. There are bedside sleep aides includes earplugs, eye masks, lavender pillow spray. The hotel features two restaurants featured in the Thousand Things to Do Before You Die book. We tried Dum Puhkt and it was great but we were so sleepy we may not have fully appreciated it.	
Dec 31 2007 	Awesome restaurant	We had a room in the &quot;new&quot; wing (but not the top level), and the rooms were nicely decked out but a little small. A very short overnight stay so didn't get to enjoy most of the hotel's facilities.We did go back for dinner at Bukhara, and it was one of the best Indian meals we have ever had anywhere in the world.	
Dec 17 2007 	Very nice (business) hotel	Spend 2 nights in The Maurya in November.From outside the hotel does not look attractive.... but once you enter the lobby you realize this might be a very nice hotel...The lobby is very nice.Executive rooms were very nice (not very big though). Very well equipped and very clean.Staff was very friendly and helpfull.Main restaurant is very nice place to have lunch or dinner.Even the bar/pub is nice and happened to be a very popular place for the local youngsters.A nice business hotel !	
Dec 11 2007	Great business hotel	We stayed here twice each for one night during out stay in India. This really is a first class business hotel. I booked using Starwood points. My first room was very small and cramped but I was upgraded for my second room to a much larger room with a seating area and huge bathroom.We frequented both bars in the hotel. The Irish themed bar was dark and dingy but surprisingly appeared to be the more exclusive of the two bars. I preferred the golf bar which was just like any other business hotel bar to be honest.I found the concierge most helpful and they were able to track down an India cricket t-shirt for me and have it delivered to the hotel.The best part about this hotel however is the Bukhara tandoori restaurant. Voted one of the best restaurants in the world I ate there twice and on each occasion found the food to be incredible. Go for the raan of lamb, you will not regret it.	
Oct 27 2007 	Great room great service.	We stayed here for a conference in Delhi and LOVED it. Our room was called a Garden View Deluxe suite and was actually the size of two hotel rooms (it seemed that on our floor, there were more of these &quot;double&quot; rooms than the regular rooms.&quot; The hotel was clean, luxurious, and hospitable. Rooms were modern (flat screen Plasma TVs), luxurious bedding, fantastic air conditioning, and were free from any odors even though smoking is common in hotel rooms in India. It is not perhaps five star by U.S. standards - but quite close. Some of our colleagues at the conference stayed at the Taj Palace and the Taj Mahal Mansingh. All agreed that the Sheraton actually had by far the nicest accommodations. Service was outstanding at all three hotels. If I had one complaint, it would be that the walls were a little thin. We could hear our neighbors a little and doors closing in the hallway woke us up a couple of times. However, it wasn't bad enough to really bother us at all. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 25 2007 	Great Hotel	We had a great experience here. Wonderful, updated room with a great bathroom. This was definitely one of the best rooms we had in India. The buffet is also very good.	
Oct 16 2007	Bukhara restaurant is way over rated	Although the hotel is OK (I wouldn't say world class), the restaurant Bukhara, is terrible.The tiny menu forces you to choose from the limited choices they provide. In addition, the waiters seem as if they have never waitered before, different ones coming to ask for a drinks order and a dessert order twice!In addition, I complained that their &quot;Rasmalai&quot; wasn't upto scratch and wasn't an original, the way the rest of India makes. The waiter argued that it was exactly as written and I had it wrong. He had the gall to stand there and argue with me...and didn't even take it off the bill, although we stopped eating it after the first bite.This restaurant is surviving on business travellers with nowhere else to go. Out in the real world of restaurants, their terrible service, average food and expensive prices would make sure they close down fast!	
Sep 22 2007 	Acceptable but not overwhelmingly impressive	Previous reviewers have emphasized that the hotel seems to be overpriced, and with that I am in agreement. While you might expect the hotel to be more impressive, it is simply average by Western standards. However, having emphasized its mediocrity based on western standards, I am told by many that it is one of the best hotels in the city. Moreover, despite the prices, I had no complaints with the hotel.The room was clean with a very comfortable bed, service was acceptable, and breakfast buffet was serviceable. It is a short (20 minute) drive to the airport for approximately $20/hotel sedan and located in the diplomatic center of the city (i.e., near the foreign embassies). If traveling for Delhi for business you can do a lot worse.	
Jun 25 2007 	Great experience	Stayed here for a week for business. I was told my room was upgraded at check-in. On the fire escape map, it did seem that my room (in Tower 1) was indeed a bit larger than others.My room entrance leads to a small hallway that opens to a bathroom and closet area. The bedroom is separate. The room is extremely spacious and modern. In fact, it's one of the nicest hotel rooms I've been in. There is a flat panel TV (37 in?) and several English cable channels were available (HBO, CNN, BBC, Bloomberg, Travel, National Geo, etc.)The breakfast buffet (included with room) is really good. Great selection (Indian and Western). It's hard to not find something suitable. I was afraid of getting stomach bug, but that never happened eating in the hotel.Service is excellent all around. There was a fruit plate in the room that's replenished daily. Chocolate is provided on some days. The linens and towels were always fresh and newish. The front door staff (in white traditional uniforms) were always cheerful and ready to help.Check-in was a bit chaotic. There were a lot of people working behind the counter, but one would pass me to another. Other customers were cutting in to speak to the employee who is in the process of working on my check-in. I'm used to a more systematic approach in other hotels.Only a few downsides: 1) my air-condition stopped working and had to lose an hour of sleep while someone fixed it. 2) Banging noise on the morning of my last day, which I intended for sleeping late to recover.	
May 29 2007 	Not a 5 star hotel	The room rate was nearly $500/night and, in my opinion, quite overpriced. I have stayed in hotels in Europe, the U.S., and other parts of Asia at that same room rate where the hotels were much more luxurious. My room was a standard room that had the look and finish of a standard room at a regular Double Tree Hotel. This hotel is not at all like other hotels in its price range, like the Four Seasons or Mandarin Oriental. I would skip this one and stay at the Oberoi instead.	
May 22 2007 	Sleepless night and not child friendly	We booked through SPG and had the option of the Meriden or Sheraton. We chose Meriden for our first night and then Sheraton for the 2 separate stays we planned during our golden triangle tour.We are a family of 4, our children aged 6 yrs and 4yrs. We would describe ourselves as a well travelled family who have experienced some fantastic 5 star hotels across India and Asia .We were travelling back from Amritsar on a late train and phoned the hotel to arrange pick up at the train station. We were pleased to find the driver at the allocated spot holding a name card so he could be easily identified. He speedily packed all 4 suitcases in the car and got us to the hotel in quick time.On our first stay ( 1 night ) we had the unfortunate experience of being there at the same time as government officials were holding some sort of conference. So as you can imagine, after a 5 hour train journey we had to go through security checks before entering the hotel ( including my 6 year old and his cuddly dog).This was followed by us having to use the staff lift ( via the store rooms ) as the guest lift was not working for some reason.?? We had a newly refurbished room which could not be faulted in anyway. It was ultra modern and the kids loved it, even though it was close to 1am by the time we got in.The morning breakfast was to die for - as in most 5 star hotels in india, with an array of breakfast options for every taste.Unfortunately our second stay ( after our tour ) was not so great. We were checked into the 5 th floor in an old style room , below the restaurant ( which we later found out was being refurbished.)It was comfortable and we just did not have the energy to complain to be moved to a newly refurbished room so we made do.We booked a club room which meant we could have complimentary cocktails in the evening. We paid extra for this . We were VERY disappointed to find that the children could not go into the Dublin Bar, or in fact any of the bars that were serving the complimentary cocktails. What really upset us was that there was no mention of these restrictions when we booked. When challenged we were advised that it was government policy? That was strange we thought - the Meriden were tripping over them selves to serve the children snacks whilst we enjoyed cocktails?After some discussion with the duty manager they allowed us to go into the business club lounge and the children were served soft drinks , the snacks were disappointing too.What really became the final straw for us was on our last night we were disturbed at 11pm. 3am and 5am with what sounded like furniture being dragged across the floor in the restaurant above . We were told that it was being refurbished and hence the noise but they would put a stop to it. Despite our phonecalls down to the duty manager the noise would stop for a short while then wake us again, which did not help considering we were catching a flight the next morning.We complained to the duty manager when we came to check out and they did not charge us for the room that night - however they still charged nearly £70 worth of tax???The hotel whilst 5 star, modern and luxurious was definately not child friendly and is more for business people. We will not be staying there ever again.	
Apr 25 2007 	recently renovated - liked it	needed an extra night in delhi and the Hyatt staff booked me in here Great result - stayed on the refurbed 4 th Floor - The Bakhara restaurant is in the top 35 restaurants in the world - and superb the tandoor lamb is fantastic - Great room - nice environment - staff very helpful - would go back !	
Apr 23 2007 	Staff 	I cannot relate to the reviews on this site saying the staff is not helpful! I found them to be just the opposite!We got into a bit of a pickle, as we were riding in a taxi to the hotel for our last night in India and realized that our passports were no longer in our possession. We were supposed to be leaving about 26 hours from that time, so needless to say, we were a bit panicked.The staff at the Maurya Sheraton were so incredibly helpful to us in our little crisis. The head of security at the hotel phoned his friend in the police department and he told us to go upstairs to our room and rest while he took on the burden himself of going over to the station with our written &amp; signed statements to get us the necessary police report to get the police report that would require us to get the exit visa at the Indian Tourism Bureau the following day. (Oh yeah! Not only are the passports themselves gone, but also the little stamp inside them that we must have in order to get OUT of the country!!) They went so above and beyond for us, advising us on the steps necessary to get our act together--1st, going to the US Embassy and then to the Indian Tourism Bureau......and we actually got it all taken care of and made it to the airport and onto our flight with our emergency 1-year passport and the exit visa stamp. Whew!I don't know what we would have done if the staff at the Maurya Sheraton hadn't been so helpful to us. Plus, we spent quite a while lounging around the lobby and it was very pretty with murals that remind me of Orozco or Diego Rivera in the lobby. The room was plush and comfortable. Overall, we highly recommend this hotel!	
Mar 4 2007 	The Lap of Luxury	What a phenomenal hotel. I've traveled all over the world and rarely encountered such a great hotel experience. I had a room in the towers section that was beyond luxurious. The hotel staff was incomparable in terms of friendliness, efficiency and knowledge. The club lounge was spacious, beautifully decorated and had very attentive service. The buffet breakfast was sumptuous and enough to keep me going the entire day. The hotel fitness center was one of the best I've encountered. If you're going to Delhi, you won't be disappointed in the least by this wonderful hotel. And the mural in the lobby ceiling is just fantastic (not to mention the quality of the goods in the hotel shops). The hotel is close to the airport and not more than 15 minutes by auto rickshaw from the center of town and the railway station (convenient if you're taking a day trip to Agra).	
Mar 2 2007	Great but expensive	I was on business w/ friend; he has very expensive tastes. So i sort of had to stay hereAfter tax, my 1 night was $500. Ouch. Great room, nice interior, outside is sort of ugly, but who cares.Free breakfast (omlette...maybe best i've ever had)Only complaint is the $15 internet fee; miserly when you pay that much to get nickle and dimed. Plus my broke down (and i'm a computer guy)Otherwise, I'd never pay this much money, except i will note that after you see a parade of beggars and people living in the dirt, you don't mind spending money you have to sleep nicely.as ps, the nearby and related Le Meridian was about $80 cheaper. Just as good.	
Feb 15 2007	OVERPRICED OVERRATED	I booked this hotel on their website and stayed for 8 days in Jan. 07. The booking process was not without glitches ,probably because of the fact that I got a room in the Sheraton Tower, located in an annexe of the main Maurya hotel.At $450 a night,it was the most expensive hotel I had ever stayed in.I was desperate to get a room in a hotel in south Delhi and I had very little choice because of the lack of availability of more moderately priced hotels.Also, I had booked the hotel at the last moment(big mistake). Check in was smooth and I was led to a spacious business class room.The big negative about the room was that it was fairly noisy because of ? construction work which seemes to go thru the night.I made a couple of complaints to o avail.However, I was provided with ear plugs,which helped a bit.Also included in the price was a full breakfast at the tower club of the hotel.The breakfast spread was excllent, and I could also order an Indian breakfast,which was also excellent. I also had a meal at the famous Dum Pukht restaurant.On the basis of that experience,I would call it the most overpriced and overrated restaurant in the world.I spent $50 on a meal which I could have had at KFC for $5. On the whole my stay was OK.Most people would rate this hotel a notch or two below the top 5 star hotels inDelhi i.e Taj Mansingh road,Oberoi Mathura road and the Imperial.Would I stay there again?Iwould probably avoid it as it is just not good value for money.5 star hotels in Delhi are taking advantage of the room shortage during peak season.To repeat my earlier advise&quot;BOOK EARLY FOR A HOTEL ROOM IN DELHI.&quot;	
Jan 19 2007 	Maurya Sheraton-Just Superb...	I had the pleasure of staying five nights through the New Year 2007. What can I say, the hotel is wonderful, truly a 5 Star hotel. As mentioned by someone earlier, the hotel has three separate divisions, the regular rooms, Tower rooms and the ITC One rooms. I had the opportunity to spend one night in the Towers and the rest in the ITC One rooms. If you can afford it ,ITC one is the way to go, but the Towers rooms were quite excellent also. The furnishings and fixtures are all that you expect from a five star hotel. I used SPG 50% off certificates (makes a big difference on a 5 night stay). Full buffet breakfast is also included, and if you are in the ITC One rooms, you can enjoy it in your room. too. The staff was wonderful and went out of their way to make us feel like royalty. Gautam at the Golf lounge and Arun at the Upper Crust (ITC One private lounge) were like my best friends, always attentive to my needs but unobtrusive at the same time. Because I had five nights, I could enjoy all of their restaurants (bit pricey) but definitely worth it. Bukhara is just superb. Arun would take care of all of my dinner reservations while I am enjoying complimentary evening appetizers and premium cocktails from 6-8 pm. The Spa/massage was wonderful too, $25 for 1 hour session, wow! This is truly a beautiful hotel and I would definitely stay here every time I am in Delhi.	
Dec 2 2006 	Many small problems... mostly poor staff	Stayed at this hotel for the 3rd time this year, this time for a week due to a conference at the hotel. This review must be prefaced by saying that most hotels in India don't come up to normal Asia standards for service and quality of staff... so lower your expectations before going!ROOMThe room I had - in the club tower - was nice and large enough. In previous stays I had substantial elevator noise, but not this time. Rooms were often not cleaned until very late in the day, and one day I had to call several times for service.GYMThe gym is very limited although there are 2 new life fitness elliptical machines and 3 life fitness treadmills - also new - since last time I was there. It's difficult to work out for a long time as there is almost no air conditioning in the gym.FOODMost of the meals for the week of the conference were catered by the hotel and they were OK for conference fare. The last evening, a number of people from our group went to Bukhara and 100% got sick.SERVICEThis is where the hotel really falls on its face. Checking in takes 20-30 minutes and it seems like the staff are doing it for the first time, every time. There is no record of my guest history from this hotel despite previous stays nor of my preferences recorded through Starwood, of which I'm a gold member. Checking out was not possible as I left early in the morning and the hotel seems to shut down their computers from about 4 am until 7 am. I had to email/call the hotel 6 times to get a copy of my invoice... took 3 weeks to get it, and only the General Manager was able to assist.What hotel is better in Delhi? I'm not sure, although the Taj is pretty consistent. I won't stay at the Sheraton again if I have a choice.	
Nov 12 2006 	Pretty Average...!	Over the last year, I've stayed at the Maurya Sheraton 5 or 6 times, last month being the most recent visit. The hotel is very consistent, but not quite what you'd expect from a Sheraton. The Hotel ItselfThe hotel is really three connected hotels - the Executive Tower (standard rooms), the Club Tower (nice), and the ITC One Club (very nice). Rooms in the executive tower are very small, and were noisy during my last visit due to construction, and even though management said that they would quiet down, they never did, and my room was changed twice before I found quiet.The Club Tower is nice and has an exceptional executive lounge with good service, nice snacks, and a very good breakfast. The ITC One Club is amazing - gorgeous (and spacious!) rooms, a private lounge, an in-room massage chair, and personal service is nice. The ITC One Club has a nice lounge with very good service - ask for Sandeep, one of the best waiters/bartenders in India.Checking in is a pain as all guests are first directed to the main desk, and those who have been upgraded are dragged to another check-in desk by an over-anxious bellhop. If the hotel knew what they were doing, they would have one check-in desk for all three....and not nearly as many bellhops.Food and BeverageThe Maurya is home to the top restaraunt in Delhi - Bhukara. Though the waitstaff there are terrible, the food completely makes up for it, and dinner is delightful. Be sure to befriend a bartender at the Polo Lounge or make reservations a week in advance if you want a shot at a table.The Dublin bar is fun, but they have trouble admitting they aren't a nightclub, and so they play very loud music. Try the homemade Bailey's...very good.The 24 hour cafe has good food, but the service is very slow.There are a number of other choices in the hotel, but these are the ones worth highlighting.Car RentalThe counter at the hotel, run by Travel House, provides pathetic service at sky-high prices. You're better off getting a car from a car rental company (like Avis or one of the local chains) than the hotel. I've had several drivers over the last 6 months, and they have all lacked knowledge about how to get around Delhi, insist on taking passengers to emporiums and tourist traps, and tend to have exceptionally poor english skills.SummaryOverall, this hotel is nice, but there are far better options for the price in Delhi. Try the Taj Palace next door or the Shangri-la near Connought Place for a better experience for a comparable price.	
Oct 9 2006 	Overall Solid Hotel	This hotel was excellent in some areas and unsatisfactory in others. The service was impeccable. The hotel staff will cater to your every need. Most of the staff you will encounter speak English and are very polite. The buffet breakfast is one of the best I've ever had. On the other hand, they are doing construction at the moment. It is incessant. Supposed to stop at 7pm, but that's not true. And that doesn't help when you're jetlagged and sleeping at odd times either. I moved to 3 different rooms in 3 days firstly due to the noise, then the bed being unbearable. Overall, a decently solid stay. Worth the money? Not sure about that.	
Aug 1 2006 	We liked it!	In the winter of 2005-6, my wife and I stayed at the Maurya Sheraton on 3 separate occasions; twice in the Tower section, and once in the Club section. The Club was a bit cheaper ($275.00US) and we were lucky to get the newly renovated 12th floor. The first room we were given had the smell a freshly smoked cigar so we, being non-smokers requested and were given another room which was across the hall and had no odor. The room was on the small side, but very nicely appointed with great lighting which could be controlled from a panel next to the very comfortable king size bed, a huge flat screen TV with tons of channels and great sound, and a modern frosted glass bathroom. Room service was a bit problematic on this side of the hotel, and was very expensive. We had a tough time getting good indian chai! No excuse for that!The other times we were in the Towers section. It cost about US $325.00. The room was nice, bed was good, regular TV set. The bathroom had a mouldy odor coming from the drain, and although the staff tried, it could not be eliminated. There is no heat in the rooms, only air conditioning, but in January in New Delhi, it can get quite cold, and the room was a bit chilly. The best part of staying at the Towers is the butler service. Shortly after check-in, an immaculately groomed uniformed young man arrived at the door and introduced himself as our butler. Being regular Americans, we had no experience with butlers, but Chander took care of us in ways we had never known. He made the best tea we had in India, brought delicious juices, extra fancy shortcake cookies, helped our in-room meals, and offered to help with packing and anything else we might want! When my wife had a migrane headache, he made special ginger tea and gently put it by her bedside. It relieved her pain quickly, even after medications failed! He spoke very good English, and was interested and conversant without being overbearing and seemed to instictively know when to tend to us and when to leave us alone. All thee times we stayed at the Maurya Sheraton, we were promptly picked up at the airport in a new car with uniformed and polite drivers who drove the car nicely. The staff, while occasionally stiffly formal, did do their best to make our stay memorable and pleasant.	
Jul 8 2006	Renovate		
Mar 9 2006 	Nice Hotel		
Feb 23 2006	Nice Hotel Dont eat at Bukhara		
Oct 25 2005 	Where was my room		
Jun 30 2005 	An Absolute Disaster of a Hotel		
May 16 2005	Average value for money		
May 5 2005	Excellent Hotel with excellent restuarants		
Feb 5 2005	Excellent Hotel		
Jan 25 2005	A Truly 5 star+ hotel		
Nov 13 2004	Extremely comfortable		
May 10 2009 	TAX??????????????????????????????		
Feb 28 2009 	????????????????????		
Aug 28 2008 	Un veritable PALACE		
Aug 22 2009 	Great place to stay in Delhi near the center of the city	This was my first trip to India I had no idea where to stay. The Jaypee Siddharth was selected by my business representative in Bangalore and my 4 night stay was a very good experience. The purpose of the trip was business and the desk and chair in the relatively spacious room on the third floor had good reception for the wireless internet connection. The internet connection is 400 INR per 24 hour period additional charge with unlimited sign on/signoff. The access speed was a very good, 54.0 Mbps.The location was good with a HDFC Bank with a 24 hour ATM 1/2 block to the east along the elevated metro line. One block to the west the Rajendra Place metro station is four stops from the Connaught Place metro stop which is one of the shopping districts. The pool seems to have had a recent upgrade and was a welcome surprise. I swim for exercise and stress relief and the pool is at least 20 meter maybe 25 meters long. Although it is not primarily a lap pool, the center rectangular section is wide enough for 4 lap swimmers. It was very clean even the morning after a torrential downpour and wind storm that knocked out power to parts of Delhi and flooded roads around the city.The restaurant in the lobby was the only one of the hotel restaurants I tried during my stay and had a very good breakfast buffet with Indian vegetarian dishes and fresh fruit selection. I have not eaten Indian food much and it is a bit spicy but I really like them. The dishes offered at the buffet were well prepared and there was excellent service from an attentive and friendly staff.	
Jun 20 2009 	Decent Stay at the Jaypee	We had to attend a wedding in Patelnagar, so we decided to book a 2 week stay at the Jaypee.We got a great deal online, Rs5250 per night, so this was perfect. The only other experience I have with hotels in Delhi, is from staying at the Maurya on our last trip, so I may not have the best idea of what Delhi hotels are like. If the Mauriya qualifies as a 5 star, I would give this place close to a 4 star (3.5 would probably fit the bill perfectly). Before giving my review, I would like to say that I would defiinitely stay here again, especially if I got the same rate. So here is my review:1. THE GOOD:-Small but elegant lobby, with a bar and restaurant attached. the restaurant and bar definitely give it a 5-star type of quality, very westernized. Drinks provided on check-in. -Lots of pretty ladies working behind the desk, overall a very kind, courteous, and accommodating staff.-High quality rooms, with hardwood floors. central a/c, plasma TVs, and marble bathrooms. Similar to the Maurya's standard rooms (without the nice carpeting).-Great bakery. lots of U.S. style cakes and pastries, and reasonably priced (also 1/2 price after 8pm).-Free Breakfast at the restaurant in the lobby. Great food, excellent service. This place is open 24 hours, and has a great selection of Indian and western food. The even had steaks and cheeseburgers! Tasty French fries.-Awesome room service, we had amazing meals at 4am, since we were still on U.S. time when we first got there. Everything was freshly prepared. This was especially appreciated after a disappointing meal from the 'Bukhara' restaurant at the ITC Maurya Hotel (I'll write a review about that also, we wanted to go back after having a great meal there on our last visit when we stayed at the Maurya). -Great laundry service.-Excellent spa service (as per my wife, I never saw it).-Great beauty parlor for women-my wife used them to help her get ready for every even for the wedding (I think this was in the spa, I never saw it personally).-Free bottled water daily-this really helps, especially if you're from the U.S.2. THE BAD-Location: if you don't have family in the area, or you are not a businessperson working in the &quot;Karol Bagh&quot; area, you maybe disappointed, there weren't any attractions nearby. However, this hotel really is a perfect if you have family in the area (like I do), and if you're in the area to conduct business (the area seems to be a big business center with lots of offices and stores). -No slippers, no robes, and no alarm clocks (or any timepiece) in the room.-No ironing board or iron, you have to ask for these.-They won't let Domino's or Pizza Hut deliver to the hotel.-Rs 400/day for internet access-Comeonnn! they should've comped us with free internet, especially if we were staying there for 14 nights!3. THE UGLY-Quite a few days without hot water- The hotel seemed to be having a problem on my floor with the hot water. I will say they attempted to fix the problem several times, and sent up people to fix it quite quickly, but this was a recurring problem throughout our 2 week stay. Since it was quite hot in May, we didn't mind taking a luke-warm shower.-Although fully renovated, there were about 2 days with lots of banging and drilling above our room. It was in the afternoon only, but once again, we were on a reverse schedule for a few days and just wanted to sleep (we got there a week before the wedding just to get to sleep off some jet-lag).Once again, overall this was a great stay, and for the money, it was a better deal than the other 5-star types in the area. For the price, I would stay here hands-down over any other hotel in Delhi. That is coming from the demographic of a family that usually stays at Hilton/Sheraton type of hotels on family trips, and Ritz-Carltons for business.	
Jun 17 2009 	heaven on earth	Jaypee Siddharth is one of the finest five star hotel in New Delhi. The hotel's proximity to the Connaught Place by 3kms has made it a preferred stay option. It is an Ideal choice for both leisure and business travellers.Jaypee Siddharth stands tall as a beacon to the comfort hungry Traveller, where your every wish is pampered, where every member of the staff and every facility is dedicated to make you return to this Boutique luxury hotel, time after time.Being on a business trip here, after attending the conferences with my colleagues, I had ample opportunities to unwind in my comfy room with a view nothing less than heaven on earth.The stay has been marvellous, especially the food and ambience of restaurant where I had an option to dine in any of the interesting outlets like Paatra, an Indian restaurant, Tapas, a lounge bar, Eggspectation, a resto-cafe, and the Old Baker, a confectionery shop.Plus the superb experience at the SPA enlightens your soul with its supreme ecstacy.	
Dec 7 2008	Lovely	Amazing is the word. Wonderful hotel, wonderful ambience and wonderful staff. What a place..a treat for everybody..	
Dec 4 2008 	Can't Wait to Go Back !!	Well I found Hotel Siddharth as one of Comfortable Hotels ..and yah ofcourse I truly enjoyed a leisurely stay over there.. The Hotel has almost all the required facilities like Swimming Pool , Doctor On call , and the most thing i liked about the hotel is the comfortability and quality of food and ofcourse the service they provide is very quick ..The lobby was beautiful and the staff very friendly , in fact the whole hotel had a nice ambience about it. For me it was a gud experience to stay in siddharth as i came from Mumbai to attend my best friend's marriage ....so i felt relaxed!!	
Mar 15 2008	Much Better than Expected	We were travelling with a tour party and having read the reviews I was not looking forward to staying here; however, I was pleasantly suprised. The foyer was modern and welcoming, reception was efficient and our room on the second floor was clean and comfortable. Other members of our party were on the 4th floor which had yet to be refurbished and were not impressed. The food was good, including afternoon tea and delicious cakes from the patisserie off the foyer. Staff were helpful and efficient. The location of the hotel is never going to win prizes but was fairly close to the sights of New and Old DelhiThe outside swimming pool was closed for major refurbishment, just as well as the weather was unseasonably cold. A good business/tourist hotel.	
Mar 1 2008 	Not bad at all!	This is my first time in India and we went to walk the Gift Show. As this was a busy time, our travel agent tried to book several mid-priced hotels for us with no luck. Spending $500 - 600 USD per night was just too much. So we were glad that he managed to book the Jaypee for us for $300 USD per night which is still quite high for what we thought we would have to pay for a mid hotel in India. Then I went onto Trip Advisor and read all of the terrible reviews and became quite apprehensive - bringing my own towels and a bedsheet in case the bed was dirty. I also had our sales agent ask the hotel to make sure we had a renovated room in which they confirmed back quickly. Our contract included airport transfer but when we arrived, there was no one there from Jaypee. Not a good start. We called the hotel and they said that there was no record that we needed a pickup. We just got a taxi and headed towards the hotel. Having traveled extensively in Asia, nothing prepared me for the chaotic traffic in Delhi. Everytime I got into a car, I just prayed that we get there safely. When we got to the hotel, I was impressed by the small yet elegant lobby. The check-in was a breeze and learned that using the wireless internet and breakfast was complimentary. I was most apprehensive about the room but when I got in, I could tell it was fully renovated with hardwood floors and marble in the bathroom. There is even a flat screen TV. Though the room is small, it is spacious for two people and the air conditioning works fine. The room was clean and I had no problems using the towels or sleeping in the bed. You do hear some street noise such as the honking from cars, but it really wasn't that bad.The breakfast was pretty good as well with made-to-order eggs and bacon along with a spread of traditional Indian food, fruit, cereals, etc. We also had dinner twice in the Indian restaurant Praata which is very good and reasonably priced.All in all, no complaints about this hotel and compared to the much more expensive 5* hotels, this hotel is good value.	
Oct 19 2007 	Not Good	The general appearance of the hotel is very nice. I had read the reviews advising to avoid this hotel but the agent booked it contraryto my request and advised that the refurbishment was completed. IT IS NOT.We were only here for i night but it was not good. The first room they put us in really had a strong stench from smoking. The second room was a little better and we were pretty tired so we just put up with it. The paint was literally peeling from the wall, not particularly clean and a little warning sign asking to be excused forthe noise that we will experience from the renovation. We then discovered that the fridge didn't work and the kettle didn't work.We had to get up at 3am for an early flight otherwise I would have moved rooms again but if you are using 5 star accommodation you really shouldn't have to put up with this rubbish (most hotel sites list this as a 5 star property)	
Jun 27 2007 	Jaypee Siddharth not recommended during renovations	The City Park Hotel is a much better, less expensive alternative. This hotel is under renovation and you had to access the elevator from the next level (not fun with suit cases). The air condition did not work all of the time throughout the entire building. They were doing construction on the patio until 8pm. Rather than put people on upper floors away from this, they put me right above it. Despite my Orbitz reservation, i had to fihgt them for everything that was confirmed such as a King sized bed and airport transfers.On the way back, they called a &quot;local&quot; taxi without air conditioning to take me back.The bed is hard as a rock - no matter what size.Internet did not work the first night.The breakfast buffet has been better at all other hotels I have seen but the normal menu for dinner is good.One good thing is that this is right off the metro line (Rajendra Place).	
May 12 2007 	Way to expensive	Some rooms are still not renovated, look like 15-20 years old, but it doesn't mean that they charge you less if they put you in such a room...The aircondition seems to be a absolute must, only arctic temperatures seem to be acceptable for their guests. Got a stiff neck the first day! Draft in the lobby, the bar, the breakfast restaurant ...By the way, talking about breakfast: If you take an omelette or fried eggs (which they propose you), you have to pay it extra!It's location is central, but that means also noisy. And since they do not invest in noise-proof windows (or insulating windows to save at least some energy for that matter) it means also that the rooms are terribly noisy.Staff is helpful and nice, as I was used to from the other Jaypee Hotel (Jaypee Vasant Continental at the outskirts of Delhi - much better!), but they couldn't make up for the drawbacks of the infrastructure and the absolutely outrageous prices.Internet for a week: more than 100$! (sorry, but this is unacceptable, whil other hotels provide it for free...).If you want any value for your money, choose another hotel.	
Feb 12 2007	Discusting ! Bad Location ! Unclean !	I had the misfortune of staying in this god-forsaken hotel in the midst of chaos in Feb 3 and 4, 2007. I was firstly given a room with an interconnecting door ! what a nice feature ! You can hear your neighbours nocturnal noises etc.... Had to sleep one night and then we were given a room on the fifth floor after complaining. Even more disgusting....bathrooms were dirty...fixtures on the wall were old and dusty. All in all we felt like we were moved to a dog house. By no standards it can be called 4 star ! For the price they charge it is definitely not worth it. I hope readers of this review will never stay in any of the Jaypee hotels as the Clarks Shiraz in Agra was the same. BTW, they called these rooms deluxe. Yuk ! Yuk !Forgot to mention the noise levels of both the traffic and the ongoing construction. See pictures attached.	
Jan 11 2007	Good and Bad	The room we had was refurbished and extremely nice with flat screen tv and waterfall shower. The view out the window was terrible - construction. No double beds were apparently available. Our friends tried to get some, but were moved to an older, unrefurbished room. They moved back the next night.Be warned about the construction! It begins at about 8am and proceeds to about 9pm. Very loud. Also, the pool is not usable (apparently due to the construction), and there is NO business center (we were allowed to sit in a small sales room with a computer for about 150 Rs per 30 minutes, but the connection to the internet was extremely slow, kept failing and the front desk staff had no idea how to operate and/or fix the computer or connection).The doormen were nice, but the front desk staff were extremely rude and unhelpful to me. It was apparently an imposition upon them when they had to answer a question or acknowledge my presence (such as when I checked out).Finally, note that the restaurant plays extremely loud, obnoxious techno music in the mornings (it was Christmas carols to a techno/disco beat when I was there...). You would thus do well to avoid the restaurant in the morning if you are hungover, or cannot tolerate terrible dance mixes.	
Nov 22 2006	Better than I expected	I stayed in this hotel on November 11th 2006. I had previously read the comments about the hotel and therefore was not expecting it to be as good as it was. Yes, there are renovations going on and therefore the lobby is small and crowded and the reception staff must have a terribly hard time (in my opinion) dealing with customers and the noise. However, there is a man occupying a desk - Travel Desk - and I would advise the management to get rid of him as in my experience and that of one of my colleagues (we were part of a tour group that completed our trip at this hotel) he is useless and rude. He showed such indifference to my query that it was unbelievable. As I said earlier, the reception staff are having to cope with the constant noise and people constantly checking in and checking out and as it's a small area only two of them can fit. It would really help to get rid of the man on the Travel Desk and add an extra receptionst there. However, I have no complaints whatever about the receptionists. My bedroom was fine - comfortable and clean. I noted no smells anywhere. Better/double glazed windows might be good to keep out the noise from the street below. There was some carry on down there that sounded like someone on a loudspeaker repeating the same thing over and over again early in the morning that was rather annoying. The room had a tea/coffee making facility which was nice. The bar staff were very nice and the restaurant that is part of the bar (or vice versa) served very nice food - I had a lovely pasta dish which made a lovely change from three weeks of curries etc! There is a happy hour in the bar from 5 - 7pm (one drink for the price of two) which we availed of. Nice bar, lovely glasses. Perhaps the location is not great but then frankly of the little I saw of Delhi, no location is great but that could be and probably is wrong. The bell boys and door staff at the hotel were very helpful and there were always taxis or motor rickshaws available to take you wherever you needed to go. The hotel needs a proper internet service (it does have one but it is in somebody's office) and it needs an ATM though there is one very close by that has a weird way of working (you put your card in sideways and then take it out and then punch in your numbers, etc) and didn't work at all for me though it did for at least one of my colleagues. I didn't openly pay for this hotel as it was included in my trip price but when looking for Delhi hotels, I found it very hard to find medium priced ones that were highly recommended. I think there is a shortage of hotels there - there was when I stayed that night - or so the rude Travel Desk man told me ie. that there was not a hotel room to be had in Delhi because of some trade conference or such like. I had to go on the internet to find myself another hotel - which I did so Travel Desk man was wrong (as this one couldn't accommodate me for the next night though if they had I would have stayed there).	
Oct 23 2006	Do Not Stay!!!	Do yourself a favor and NOT stay at this hotel! For the price they charge, you can stay at a much nicer hotel. The smell, are small, and the staff is rude. There was construction going on when i stayed and the hotel also also gave us trouble about the complementary taxi to the airport. Would definately not suggest.	
Jun 4 2006	Extremely overpriced	We stayed at this hotel for one night passing through Delhi on the way to Agra. It is quite old fashioned and drab inside although a sign outside states that refurbishments are in progress so perhaps this is to be improved. There was a terrrible smell in the corridor and to my disgust I found that the room smelled exactly the same. Room service and housekeeping staff were extremely pleasant but refused to leave the room until they were tipped (every time) which I found quite annoying since we were paying $170 approx for the room - way more than it was worth. Bed was hard with old linen but the shower was good. Breakfast was quite good the following morning but to add insult to injury they tried to charge us for it. Thankfully they agreed that this was incorrect. I wouldn't stay in this hotel again as it's simply not worth the money. There are plenty of cheaper hotels that offer the same standard of accommodation..and without the smell!	
Nov 20 2004	Must do better	Hotel ok if a little sanitised but some of the staff who work on reception are unbelievably arrogant &amp; rude. I observed repeated instances which were wholly unacceptable which is a shame as the rest of the staff appear conscientious. An improvement on return visit when it appeared a change in reception staff but even these were not what I would expect and standard below everywhere else experienced (including 2* &amp; below establishments).	
Aug 20 2004	Great Place	Stayed at the JP Siddartha August 2004. Service, food, room and ambience are all excellent. THere is a also pool, a small gym and health club. Location isn't brilliant as there is little to visit within walking distance and Connaught place/Old Delhi are about 20 - 30 minutes by taxi . However, there will be a metro station outside hotel very soon. In summary, would stay there again.	
Jan 11 2009 	Discreto hotel		
Oct 29 2009 	would not choose again	We stayed one night only at this hotel as it was closer to the airport. We were greeted by a charming girl...but once she was gone there was not one friendly face except perhaps in the business centre. After all our wonderful memories in India...this one wasn't awful....just ordinary!! We had definitely been spoilt with our other choices.	
Sep 18 2009 	Discriminatory and bad service	I have been staying in this hotel for the last 2 years. The rooms have improved after a renovation. Rooms are ok but menu needs to increase at Eggspectation. The horrible thing is the hotel does not respect its guests. I was virtually turned out to wait on the road by one Mr. Bali inspite of staying in that hotel and having a company meeting there. You need to be careful as the staff at the counter looks ok but do not help when accosted with a problem. realised that hotel is discriminatory quite late.	
Aug 29 2009 	Perfect Business hotel	What a location,Perfect to do business-Close to the airport,close to shopping centre,to restaurants,also for sight seeing.Must have food at the restaurant Ano Tai.Amazing breakfast spread at Eggspectation.The service needs to improve a bit though.Had stayed at The Grand in the same area but stayed away as heard it had caught fire some time back.	
Jul 29 2009 	Satisfactory	Stayed here on a business trip with a colleague for 5 nights. First impressions were that the hotel itself was clean and had a plush entrance. The area the hotel stood in was not very smart and was close to a busy road. There were no other hotels close by as these were mainly in the diplomatic area which was closer to the town. One good thing about this hotel is that it is close to the airport. This becomes of major concern once you realise how bad the traffic can be at certain times of the day and you're in a hurry to get to the airport. If your staying nearer the town centre you'd need to leave in plenty of time!There are a few reasonable restaurants just next to the hotel. Punjab By Nature is a good place to get a tasty curry at a fair price. Otherwise there are the restaurants in the hotel which offer choices based on cost. The rooms are basic but clean. A large screen TV provides lots of channels to choose from in English. Wireless internet available in the room. Free if your staying in the Club Rooms. Bottled water is replenished every day so no need to worry that you're going to run out. In a word I'd say this hotel would suit business travellers better than tourists due to its location. The pool is outdoor and looks OK.	
Jun 10 2009 	Enjoied	I just returned from Delhi. I stayed on 9th and 10th June 2009. The hotel tariff is reasonable and have all facilities Viz. secretarial services, conference facilities and health club. The hotel is nearer to airport and is veery close to my meeting place i.e. Indian Roads Congress. The environment is excellant. The food and the service provided is very good. I enjoy staying in this hotel. This is 12th time I stayed.	
Jun 10 2009 	Mix Luxary with Your Business	We had two day business meeting in the Hotel Vasant Continental. The hotel is magnificent and we experienced very prompt service. The staff as well as our event organizer was very helpful to us, we never had to worry about the logistics, could focus on the business, the meeting room chairs were causing pain in the back of many participants. The nice thing is almost entire hotel is non smoking zone, the space alloted for smokers was open &amp; very very hot, I personally think its good way to discourage smoking but it would be good if hotel provides a little comfortable space for smokers as few of our members were annoyed by the heat.The swimming pool is very small &amp; so gets crowded in morning hours so couldn't really enjoy it. There were three different restaurants inside the hotel giving choice within Chinese, Indian, Continental categories I could visit two of the restaurants I really liked the Chinese one. We paid INR 6000 plus taxes per night for a room on the which I thought excellent value. There were 2 double beds so the two of us had no difficulty in sharing room. Overall I would say this is probably the one of the better hotels I have stayed in on business trip. Perhaps not the most convenient if all you want to save some costs &amp; its your routine meeting. But if you want to take on challenging issues wants to shape better team, mixing a little luxury with the business is must so this choice makes very good sense.	
Jun 8 2009 	A real vihar	Ambience PerfectFood : a must try for chicken dishesRooms : Luxurious,spaciousEnvironment is just so perfect for staying and especially when you are stressed down with work	
May 13 2009 	Good Business Hotel	I stayed in this Hotel while on Business travel to delhi. I enjoyed the stay.Rooms are fantastic. The ambience of the Hotel is great. Service is proffessional and staff is courteious.The only area that may be improved is the menu of Buffet Breakfast.	
Apr 21 2009 	Better stay Close to Delhi airport	I have stayed here for more than 5 times ... and ambience here absolutely great...During IPL season - I i was staying along with Deccan chargers team and we could meet Gilchrist, Laxman, Gibbs etc...it was a wonderful evening...Suite room with complimentry wine will give pleasant sleep after tiresome business hours...Review by JP # 9W 111061985	
Mar 19 2009	Excellent base in New Delhi when using an organised group tour	Stayed at Jaypee Vasant Delhi when on a Page &amp; Moy Tour during Oct 08. As part of a 30 person group we enjoyed excellent service co-ordinated by our tour manager. Restaurants at the hotel were varied in cuisine offering different styles and excellent quality. Common areas of hotel/ reception were very roomy and cool. Bar was excellent with live music shows and all staff very very attentive and helpful.Partner called ahead for a surprise for Birthday whilst we were staying and staff arranged a bouquet, cake and card on arrival free of charge which was a wonderful surprise.Hotel is some distance from the centre of New Delhi- (about 40 mins in Tuk Tuk) but some would say that this is an advantage to be out of the centre. Immediately outside the confines the hotel boundary you will certainly experience Indian life- it's amazing. All in all a relaxing a calm oasis in amongst busy touring days.	
Dec 20 2008 	Great Place	I stayed in Jaypee Vasanth for my business trip. First of all the location is very convinient. The food quality is excellant and to my surprise the hotel has provided a complimentary wine bottle in my room.The happy hours are really enjoyable.The only disturbing point was the renovation work going on in the hotel at that point of time.If I get an opportunity, I will not hesitate to Sign in once again.	
Sep 15 2008 	Loved the Hotel	I stayed in the hotel for a week when I first shifted to Delhi-2 weeks back.the location is great and everything you need is a mere 2 minutes walk.My room was a good size compared to some of the hotels I have earlier stayed and extremely comfortable..loved the wooden flooring! My room overlooked the pool and I saw quite a bit of green which was a pleasant surprise.The staff was extremely warm and helpful and attentive. The best part is the restaurants(which I continue to visit), especially the Chinese and the cafe with quite an unusual name -Eggspectation..the food is excellent.I would highly recommend this hotel!	
Aug 31 2008 	If you're considering this hotel - DON'T.	This hotel is situated on a busy corner within a suburb of Delhi. Despite promising first impressions on entering the hotel, this hotel was very disappointing.Several problems occurred during my stay. Firstly, the hotel is undergoing refurbishment in some rooms and my room had a strong smell of glue / solvents. However, that smell was preferrable to the one that met me on entering the bathroom. There was a very strong odour of sewage and I had to request that the bathroom be re-cleaned (which it was). Later in the afternoon, I attempted a nap in the room but couldn't get to sleep due to the continual noise of traffic outside the window. Unfortunately, the noise of horns and reverse alarms continued into the night, making any sleep virtually impossible.The pool area looks good - it is set within nice landscaped lawns with comfortable loungers, but it's dificult to relax when strong whiffs of sewage meet you every 5 / 10 mins.Later, before dinner, I tried to take a shower only to discover that there was no hot water whatsoever in the entire hotel. I was starting to think that nothing else could possibly go wrong but NO - I was awakened by the sound of hammering above my room!In conclusion, if you MUST stay at this hotel - take ear plugs and shower beforehand.	
Apr 25 2008 	Oasis of Peace in a busy city.	This Hotel was selected for its peaceful ambience for a last evening in Delhi prior to flying out the following morning. About 20 minutes drive to Indira Ghandi Intl. airport. We were not disappointed in anyway and in fact the meal we had in the Restaurant ranked as one of the best of our trip. Authentically Indian. There are other restaurants in the building but this was the best.Check in was smooth and the room was well furnished and very comfortable indeed. Check out next morning was very smooth and trouble free. We are not frequent users of &quot;City&quot; Hotels but this more than met our expectations. Friendly without being fussy. Large but not soulless.Just what we needed for a good nights sleep before a long flight.There are gardens but we did not have the time to make use of them.	
Oct 20 2007 	Good 4 star	A nice hotel. Not exceptional but clean, comfortable, good service and reasonable price - probably better classified as a good 4 star rather than 5 star.	
Apr 3 2007 	comfortable hotel in south Delhi	This hotel is billed as a 5*, but not a European 5* , think in terms of a good 3* or average 4*.It's about 15 minutes from the main airport, be amazed by the changing route, dual carriage way leading down into a terrible road through a local shopping area, with mad traffic and every kind of transport you can imagine!The hotel has a beautiful entrance and lobby, with the main restaurant leading off to one side and the bar to the other.The rooms are of a decent size, with all the normal facilities, very comfortable bed. A very poor hanging area in the wardrobe, constrained by the safe deposit box. A terrible hairdrier, take your own.Plenty of bottled water provided, don't use the tap water, it's not safe. Lots of staff around, they seem to be on the corridor most of the time to attend as required.The bar is very quiet most of the time, but there were several late night events while we there, local discos with terrible music ( it must be my age). Also 2 weddings in the extensive grounds, great to look at, not at all noisy.Breakfast was quite good, but ended promptly, don't expect the staff to leave the food out until you're finished, it just gets cleared away at the right time.The pool area was very clean and pool towels were always available. Good pool for lengths, not a leisure pool.The gym is on the second floor, is not advertised, but use is free, it has all the normal equipment and staff on hand. The sauna, steam room and jacuzzi all have a charge.	
Mar 25 2007 	Excellent except for the Spa 	Most helpful and frindly staff!Excellent restaurants. Expensive, but quality &amp; service justify the price.Pool environment does not very much invite to the -impeccable clean- pool. No deck chairs, what a pitty.The massage room is far too small and the masseur not up to his job.Rooms are great, first class materials for furniture and installations, bath room was a delight, even though I booked the cheapest room!Needless to say thet the huge plasma TV with uncountable Sat-channels was a highlight.Small things like flowers, cookies, chocolates that keep appearing are a very nice surprise.Not a cheap place, but worth every rupee!	
Dec 19 2006	Great place to stay!!	Hotel Vasant Continental is a wonderful hotel. They have a nice little gym, yoga classes, spa and salon, and great restaurant. The breakfast buffet which came with our room, (we booked a double) was delicious, they had both Western breakfast offerings, an omelette station, and South Indian breakfast as well, not to mention fresh fruit. Anything else that wasn't on the menu you could ask the staff and they would arrange it for you. I never tried the room service, as I like to be out exploring the city's hot spots, but there was always plenty of bottled water, my sheets and towels were always clean and fresh and they even gave us boxed chocolates every day. They also have a tea coffee maker and sugar, etc. Might I add that the bathrooms are spotless. The location just next to the Vasant Priya cinema is ideal, it's close to the city spots but not right on the main road so the rooms are quiet. I also arrived a day early from my trip to Nasik and they accommodated us at the last minute with an extra double. So I can't complain. LOVELY!	
Nov 20 2006 	Excellent Hotel	Excellent stay at this hotel! Rooms were clean and staff friendly! Breakfast was included in our stay which was at a nice restaurant within the hotel! - Also were provided with a bottle of wine and fruits when we first checked in! - There was a party at the hotel on fri night! hip hop night, which was excellent for us young people! overall i would recommend this hotel. The local area is quite good as it is right next to hotel, a few restaurants (would recommend the italian in the local area) ... All local ameneties nearby!	
Jan 28 2006 	Satisfactory stay	Located in south delhi, this hotel is a bit away from the business quarter. Rooms are adequate and service is what one would expect in a business-oriented hotel. A good chinese cuisine restaurant was a surprise.	
Jan 11 2006	Good hotel okay service....	We stayed in Jaypee Vasant Continental just for a night in transit between International and domestic flight. Hotel itself was clean and nice. Room was also well maintained and room-service was prompt and food was of good quality. Only thing that I didnt like was that while checking in we were treated very well- however while checking out they didnt even bother to pick our luggage and help with cab esp given that we were with an infant. Felt somewhat shoddy since they charged over $250 just for a nights stay.	
Dec 19 2005	pleasant hotel near airport	Stayed here last week because all other hotels were booked. Hotel was pleasant surprise, as it was in a quiet area and had good food (though expensive) and newly refurbished and clean rooms. Hotel is located near JNU campus and airport. Also around the corner is western style shopping area. I found this hotel much better value for money than the Grand Intercontinental Hotel, where I stayed earlier this month, which was not very clean and looked like it could do with a bit of fresh paint.	
Jan 9 2005	Consistently good	Recently renovated and modern. Excellent buffet style b'fast. Good in room dining. Only complaint is the insufficient access to internet. Two computers is inadequate and the service should be included with the room rate at a hotel of this caliber.For women, check out the well priced beauty parlor. I had my eyebrows &quot;threaded&quot; (plucked) - very well done. I will be using these services more on my next trip.	
Jul 12 2008 	Hôtel très bien		
Apr 19 2009 	Small Rooms	Hi, The hotel is very conviniently located at the middle circle on CP. The rooms are clean &amp; the beds are soft &amp; comfortable. There are 2 issues (1) The rooms are very small (2) One has to climb 2-3 flights of stairs to reach the room as its spread over 3 floors with no lift. Insist for discount &amp; upto 20% of the tariff will be waived.	
Dec 7 2008 	better than average	Stayed at one other hotel in the same area, in comparison, this seemed more deserving of the &quot;mid-range&quot; or 2-3 star designation. The hallways were clean, well lit; well decorated. The rooms were larger than the other hotel; the bathroom was cleaner and larger---the bathing area had a little wall around it so the floor did not get wet, unlike many Indian bathrooms. The beds were clean and comfy. Internet access was pricey but available. The cost was higher, but as our last night in India, we desperately needed a nice clean send-off and it was. We were two women travelling and were treated well. Our friends stayed previously, and they had a nice time as well.	
Nov 7 2008 	Jukaso Inn is not worth it	Very overpriced. Rooms are ok but no great shakes. For Rs3700 (don't forget extra taxes!), it's 50 pounds and you'd get better in London.Staff are not helpful and are just trying to sell you services.A chap is introduced to you as the travel desk. He says he can give free maps, free travel advice and 15mins free of internet service. Then he takes you on a 5 min walk to a travel agent that just trys to sell you tours!Return to hotel and ask for a bank and they say they will do the changing for you. Ask for a taxi stand and they say they will get you a taxi. All you want is some honesty but all they want is your money.Avoid.	
Mar 16 2008 	Jukaso Inn Downtown - thumbs down	Our room was clean and comfortable. Seemed overpriced, but this was the only hotel we stayed at in Delhi so difficult to make a comparison. We were referred to a travel agency by the hotel, Perfect Holiday Travels, that was full of touts. Do not trust this hotel with any of your travel arrangements, or this travel agency.	
Feb 28 2008 	Worst hotel I used in India but far from the worst in the world	I paid about $80 for one night here (the Connaught location) in November. I was able to check in early in the morning and was shown a room and told I could choose another if I wasn't happy with it. It looked fine to me, so I took it and got settled in.I didn't find the room itself to be dirty at all. It was comfortable enough, and the television worked. There was a window, but it was impossible to lift up the heavy curtains to actually look outside.The bathroom was another story. It was dirty and falling apart like I expected bathrooms in India to be (this was the first time it actually happened in a hotel though). You could tell that if you removed the mirror from the wall, you'd have a big gaping hole and be looking out onto the street. In the middle of a shower, I ran out of water completely.I had a tour picking me up at 5 a.m., and the front desk did actually call to inform me the car had arrived.Service was somewhat rude when I checked in and downright awful when I checked out. I informed the bellman I'd need a taxi, and he told me he would call. Apparently this never happened, and I came close to missing my flight because of it. I was waiting around for awhile until I finally asked the front desk who informed me no one had been called, and it would be about a 30 minute wait. Lucky for me, the taxi showed up right away, and I was able to escape this place in a hurry.If you really don't care what kind of place you're staying in, Jukaso is fine. It's not awful, but I paid about half the price for other hotels in India that were far nicer with better service than this one. However, considering the high prices in Delhi, it's probably not possible to do better for the money. It won't kill you to stay here, but you won't be yearning to go back anytime soon.	
Dec 1 2007 	Can't believe this place was recommended by Lonely Planet	My girlfriend and I stayed at Hotel Jukaso Inn (the one in Connaught Place) for our first night in India on 10/11/07. We booked the hotel online in a last minute rush because other than our plane tickets and initial waitlisted New Delhi-Jaisalmer train ticket, we had organised nothing for our holiday in India. We paid 3850Rs + tax for one double room.We were very disappointed. We thought this standard may have been par for the course for this price in New Delhi/India, but as we tried other accommodation during our trip through Rajasthan/India, we realised that we had been clearly ripped off. The hotel room was dirty, small, and didn't have a window. The hotel service was poor. We learnt from our stay, however, that one of the best things to do with hotels in India is to check a few rooms out first, because there seems to be significant variation in a lot of places.	
Nov 19 2007 	Not the right Juakso - oops?	I booked at the Jukaso Inn after reading a favorable review in Frommers Guide Book. Having never been to Delhi, I didn't realize that I had booked the WRONG Jukaso Inn. I booked into the downtown, Connaught Circle location, when the guide book was recommending the Sunder Nagar location. Our stay was fine. The hotel was really nothing special, nor terrible. Just average. But I mention it because it's possible that others who have reviewed this hotel might have been reviewing the wrong location?	
	Great Hotel Excellent Location	Great hotel, excellent location (centrally located in New Delhi), close to Connaught Place. The hotel's interior visible through the glass lifts is adds to the excitement. The rooms are excellent, nicely done up.The only thing that needs a bit of upbringing is the bell staff, which still gives you a taste of the legacy.Would certainly recommend staying at the hotel, though is slightly over-priced.	
	I just loved the stay	I Stay there for a bussiness trip from my company.I throughly enjoyed the staying there.The service there is excellent and the hotel staffs are very helpfull. The breakfast there is complimentary.Room was a nice one with TV, comfertable bed with pillow, mood lighting and many more.	
Nov 24 2009 	WONDERFUL STAY	We stayed here last week for 4 days and had a great time. Room (standard double) was lovely - woodern floors, quality furnishings, flatscreen TV, comfy bed with pillow menu, mood lighting. Bathroom was beautiful with a huge walk-in shower. Staff very helpful and whenever you phone down to housekeeping they respond very quickly. A couple of gripes were that the mini bar was lacking in choice (just beer, champagne and soft drinks). Turn down service was always around 7 pm which was inconvenient if you are getting ready to go out for dinner. The hotel bar (Nero) was great, with a great, humidified smoking room and very attentive staff - shame it shuts at 1 am... always thought a 5 star hotel should have the bar open till the last guest had left. Monsoon the Indian restaurant was fabulous, pricy but worth it (the herb prawn starter was to die for), the Chinese on the top floor was a disappointment however. Breakfast was good - plenty of choice. Henry's bar on the top floor as another reviewer has said is just a room with drinks, not a bar, and soulless.The pool was a bit dingy - not warm enough to swim in at this time of year, and alot of it was in shadow with only a few beds. You are not allowed alcohol around the pool which is a shame when you want to have lunch and a couple of beers (nothing that sneaking beers down from your mini bar did not solve!).The spa was amazing - we had two massages, and if you are feeling romantic the couples room with private hot tub is worth the extra £25! Both massages (Indian and Swedish) were fabulous with wonderful staff and rituals.The atrium and the whole look of the hotel from the inside was fabulous - quite breathtaking. If you want to buy pashmina - there is a great shop inside the hotel that sells them from about £15 upwards, far better value than we found in Old Delhi. All in all, we were delighted with the hotel and our whole stay, and if we were to return to Delhi, we would stay at Le Meridien again.	
Nov 23 2009 	Excellent location and serivce	I have stayed at this hotelabout 3 times in last 2 years and the serivce at hotel is always great.Location is great.The only thing I would say is that when I booked this time through AAA there was extra charge for breakfast rate and when I reached hotel bkfst was complimentary.We enjoy our stay here everytime.	
Nov 15 2009 	Love the ambience	spent a quality time in delhi with my wife and I really like room hotel all environment,specially room service,pub	
Oct 19 2009 	A modern sanctuary from the chaos of New Delhi	Ranks on the higher end of Le Meridien's that I've stayed at. I was satisfied by my stay and the value and service.	
Oct 9 2009 	Top hotel with western standards.....and prices	Stayed at the hotel for 4 nights in two different rooms. Clean, modern hotel with good design throughout including &quot;mood lighting&quot; in the rooms. Staff were very helpful as you would hope/expect in a hotel of this class/price. Only thing was we could not get the wi-fi to work (you needed a laptop rather than a PDA) so ended up using the expensive business centre to check email.Near Connaught Place for restaurants. There are some good bars/restaurants in the hotel but they are very pricey.We would consider staying in this hotel if we were to return to Delhi.	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect Hotel	Le Meridien is like an oasis in New Delhi! The hotel was my favourite place in the city! Friendly staff. Very safety. We received a welcome drinks (coffee and tee) and welcome &quot;bindi&quot;. I had offer from the hotel (like a compliment) for a 3-4 hours trip in the city. i just do not like the sandal woods flavour in my wardrobe. But it is all over the India :) I prefer The One restaurant because of the not chili food :)	
Sep 27 2009 	Great hotel in Delhi	Great stay at Le Meridien in Delhi. Excelent hospitality and service. Restaurants pretty expensive.	
Sep 26 2009 	Exquisite hotel	I stayed here always when I visited New Delhi. The lobby is amazing; futuristic style.Room is great and spacious, beautiful bathroom. Well designed and modern; Exquisite.Very clean and well organized.Large flat screen tv in the room.Wi-fi available with charge.The concierge was very helpful.The hotel staff friendly.Excellent breakfast.There are some shopping arcade in the hotel. Try to visit Jaipur Gem Palace, they have nice collection of jewelry with reasonable price.It's near by Janpath street if you want to do some more shopping, walking distance.It's a great hotel.	
Sep 2 2009 	A-void!	If you like 1970s-style hotels with multi-floor atriums - or a large void in the middle, this may be hotel for you! Otherwise, I would a-void it. Sure, it is in a nice part of New Delhi, close to the key government building and several sights. However, the hotel is currently under renovation, which means jackhammers and workmen throwing stuff out windows. The power went off (and on again) multiple times while I was there. The room had no bath, only a shower with a barely-controllable nozzle. And the darkened &quot;bathroom&quot;, with mood lighting, smelt. The renovated room was decorated out in a cross between Ikea and Norwegian wood, with lots of sharp corners to bump into at night. The front desk staff were slow to serve on the way in, and looking for extras to add to the bill on the way out. The restaurant food was over-priced. I didn't try Room Service, but could see samples of their offerings still sticking to the TV remote control. The hotel's pool area was a real gathering place for hot birds - about 100 pigeons and a dozen crows I counted. The views of Delhi from the top level eatery are excellent - but in the middle of the top floor of the building the viewless Le Meridien Club is perched like a UFO, waiting to descend on unsuspecting diners eating in the atrium below. Next time, I think I will stay at the Shangri-La across the road.	
Aug 31 2009 	Best Hotel	One of the very best hotel I stayed. I was staying in a suite, the design is modern and furniture are as new. The hotel is located in the city centre area, but the room rate is surprisingly low, and staffs are nice. Other than the shower area is a bit small, you cannot pick up anything to complaint about. I took a buffet dinner on the ground floor cafe, the food is good, but it cost you US$70 per person.	
Aug 28 2009 	calm escape from the chaos	great hotel, very modern interior, spacious and airy. didnt appear to be many western visitors there. highly recommend all restaurants, particularly the chinese rest located on top floor. colonial decor but with great food and great view over delhi.down side would be lack of fast free internet acces, poor pool and sundeck area.	
Aug 21 2009 	What A Chic Place ..my 6th stay in this year	It is one of the most classy elegant trendy hotel i have ever seen during my business travel. Meridien after being taken over by starwood has done tremendous change in its approach. Spg is the winning card always thats why i started staying in this hotel. Earlier they had some work early this year but now what swanky atrium sexy bar nero aand cutest are comp stations in atrium where i sip illy and work as room gets boring if u in hotel for couple of days.Staff is amazingly helpful and take care of elderly people too as i noticed couple of girls in atrium...was touched by it.Their new Indian restaurant monsoon is one of its own as i had meal with my colleagues in there and we enjoyed. Some Indian families at entrance not very happy as children not allowed but for thats a great news as i did two lunch meetings in there.Good fitness centre amatra help me stay fat freeIts a beautiful clean stylish hotel where staff makes you feel at home if u alone. One imp thing internet is good. Would recommend business travelers definitely.Rooms is again brilliant clutter free lot of space for my things which is good	
Aug 18 2009 	Still some problems	I have staying in this hotel whenever I am in Delhi but I have experienced some irritations.#1: the hotel did not send a limo to the airport because my PA did not inform them. I would expect the hotel to ask for my flight schedule. This differentiates the best from the better.#2: Security check has been stepped up. I love this but to surrendder my swiss knife shows lack of discretion. Swiss knife is not a lethal weapon. A 200 kg man is a lethal weapon.#3: I just returned from the gym after cutting short my work out. They were BLASTING Indian Techno music even after I have requested for a lower volume. I was the only guest using it at that time.	
Aug 14 2009 	One of my favourite Hotels	Having stayed here quite a few times, i can only say that the hotel has always been a class apart.. Great service, great food, excellent rooms and a good location. What else could a traveller ask for??The hotel lobby is expansive and beautiful. Checkins are always quick and the room is always just right.. Overall a great hotel with superb facilities..	
Aug 4 2009 	Beautiful hotel in a great location; more style than substance at times	When you walk into this hotel you will greated by a visually stunning city hotel. The staff are generally helpful and attentive (though note my comment later). It is a hotel that caters well for business and leisure travellers.  The rooms are spacious and tastefully decorated. We were on the 10th floor and had a great view over Delhi. We had a view of the outdoor swimming pool. I didn't use it, but it looks nice. However, there were often pigeons sitting around the edge and drinking from it!! Hence only 4 stars for 'Cleanliness'.  The breakfast is buffet-style and tasty. There is a mixture of Indian and Western dishes, both hot and cold. One thing that I found quite annoying was that the coffee they use is tasteless and instant. When I asked for proper coffee they said it would take 10 minutes and cost more. I was not bothered by the cost, but rather that this is a 5* hotel and should be doing better on something so basic. We ate dinner in one of the hotel restaurants - for a 5* hotel it was average and over-priced.  One afternoon 3 of us were having a drink in the lovely hotel cafe. We were taking a few photos of each other and were told that we weren't allowed to take photos inside the hotel! And we weren't given a reason!! The staff were almost 100% fantastic. However, there was an incident that left a sour taste in my mouth. The day before check-out I hired a private hotel car to take the 3 of us to the airport. The next morning, after we had checked-out, I went to the desk to arrange for the car to be brought round to the front. Annoying they quoted a higher price. They could not explain why and could not explain why they didn't contact me earlier. The ledger in which they write down bookings was on the desk, and next to my name the original quoted price had been crossed out and a new price written above it. I challenged them on this. The two staff spoke to each other about me in Hindi and clearly didn't realise that I understood that they were making disparaging comments about me. When I told them that I understood Hindi they looked shocked and went pretty silent! On principle, and after being treated in this manner, I refused to pay the higher price. They responded by saying that we would have to make our own way to the airport. I asked to be taken to the manager and suddenly our car was brought round to the front and we paid the price quoted the night before.  I was in two minds as to whether to recommend this hotel. However, it is a 5* hotel and so needs to be held to a higher standard then other hotels of a lower rating. Given that there are lots of great 5* hotels in Delhi, I would suggest trying them instead.	
Jul 21 2009 	In the middle of everything--and nowhere	The hotel is located right in the center of the civic district, within walking distance of Connaught Place and short rides from most of the Beaux Arts buildings. But if it is the real bustling energetic and chaotic Delhi you are after, this is probably not the place for you.The room I had was excellent--apparently recently renovated. Room service was attentive and housekeeping was diligent. In general service was courteous and competent. They provided complimentary water, which is very important for Delhi.The swimming pool, however, is not that clean, even if not many people use it. Too many pigeons and crow use it as a bird bath--and leave their stuff next to its rim.The hotel should do something about the touts next to its main gate who nag visitors to visit emporiums. The touts really make for a very frustating time--it got to a point where I exited the hotel's main gate only to enter at its other gate so as to escape a particularly eager tout.Finally, for a business hotel, Le Meridien does not provide free Internet connection! For such a pricey hotel, though admittedly its rates are not much different from its neighbors, it charges another 12 usd or so for wireless internet per day.	
Jul 20 2009 	Thoroughly enjoyable stay	I stayed in the hotel with my associates for a few days of meetings and everything went as planned. I do not have any complaints at all.The room was of a comfortable size. Perhaps the only complaint here is that the wardrobe was rather small and the bar for the hangers rather high. There were also bedroom slippers so save packing on those.I was at the Club level and the room had a shower rather than a bathtub; some of my associates had bathtubs, which I would have liked as a warm soak at the end of a hard day is very relaxing. The shower stall however had this &quot;rainstorm&quot; shower coming from the top. The water pressure was sufficiently generous to make me feel cleaned by rain. And there was also a shower hose.There were four apples of the Red Delicious variety but the food I had was good and I was not tempted to snack. There were some reviews that the apples were dessicated but not in my case.An odd incident was that I received different newspapers every day that I was there. Four days were national papers and then one day it was the IHT.The bar at the 20th floor offers a splendid view of Delhi. You'll realise how surprisingly green and low-rise it is.I would like to comment on the seeming compulsion of tip-seeking. The reason is quite simple: poverty. The Indian who is serving you as waiter or driver has a monthly salary lower than the cost of the room. I asked and apparently the worldwide average of the wage bill for a hotel is about 27-28%; in India, it is 10%. Arguably, this means that Indian worker is underpaid. But I have also heard comments that it is because they are less efficient, something that I would tend to agree with.Consider it a backhanded compliment that they hound you for tips. They think you are wealthy. Perhaps because I am Asian as opposed to Anglo I never experienced such houndings even once.	
Jul 17 2009 	Good hotel not so good service	I stayed here for three nights during a business trip and felt that the service let the hotel down.The hotel is very centrally located and the contemporary design sets it apart from other hotels in Delhi. Also the rooms are fairly spacious (but too dark!) and the facilities like the restaurants, bar and gym are really very good. However, the service was not what I would expect from a 5* hotel when paying these kinds of room rates. I had problems with my booking confirmation, changing rooms and hotel car service. Overall I was left with the impression that the convenience for staff comes before guest requirements.	
Jul 13 2009 	Fine - but where in the world are we?	This is a great place for those who want a hotel that helps them forget they are in India. Colleagues I was traveling with, for whom coming to India was a rare treat, were disappointed that there was no attempt to showcase anything Indian. So this is less a hotel for tourists than for business travelers.Thank goodness the thermostats in the rooms worked properly. The airconditioning in the rest of the hotel was so cold that my friends and I had to leave a dinner to get jackets. As someone from Southeast Asia, where you get what you pay for, I have never understood why Delhi hotels are able to charge what they do.	
Jul 3 2009 	Highly recommended	Stayed two night here while temperatures were above 42C in the city - this very much felt like an oasis. Reading previous reviews I assume that there had been some modernization in the past, and some issues, but my experience was one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. Decor was superb with imported italian glass tiles everywhere. Rooms were in excellent shape, large, and beautifully done. Tried all the restaurants and bars on the ground floor - Monsoon is one of the top indian restaurants in Delhi and was recommended by one of my Indian friends, the bar has an excellent selection (albeit somewhat pricy). Excellent breakfast buffet in the morning included with the room price.As previous comments, everyone did indeed expect a tip, but this is the same in any hotel. Staff was very accommodating in providing a late checkout without my even asking. Car service about 2000IRP, which is 4X a taxi, but well worth the 1 hour trip is modern air conditioned car.Only downside, morning restaurant staff seemed to act too cool and hence getting their attention somewhat of a problem. And front door staff somewhat slow in reacting to requests for a taxi if you were dressed very casually. Location was excellent for business and leisure.	
Jun 29 2009 	Was blown away with the service and product	We went there on our wedding night and stayed for a few days after. The htoel staff were lovely and friendly and happy to help in anyway possible. It was clean and beautiful. They even had Tom and Jerry playing on the TV screens on the lift and lobby :)	
Jun 21 2009 	Nice Business Get together	We conducted our Business get together for some of our esteemed clients and friends for getting our Master Card Certification. We enjoyed the hall and nice dinner buffet arrangement. Ambience was great. It was a wonderful evening. It was one of the great place to conduct Business get togethersRajJP132375165	
Jun 19 2009 	Meridien Mistake	What a disgraceful hotel - quite how they manage to claim this is a 5 Star hotel, I do not know. They should not be allowed to sport the Le Meridien brand - its an absolute disgrace.First of all, our airport pick-up failed to arrive in spite of a booking and a phone call to confirm. They still tried to charge us for it at check-out.The check-in staff were arrogant and rude and in fact so were the majority of the staff in the hotel including a lady duty manager who is rude and unhelpful. Every member of staff wants to be tipped - quite why I do not know as they do not offer any form of service. Even the room attendant waits until our return to the room trying to obtain a tip. Perhaps the hotel could pay these people more money to stop them harrassing the customers.The keycard failed to operate, so we obtained a replacement which also failed to operate. We asked the reception staff to come up with us with a keycard to open the door. The failed keycards were a regular theme during our stay and the staff blamed us for keeping them with our mobile phones rather than accepting the cards are rubbish.Everything is expensive from car hire to food yet nothing is worth the money. To add insult to injury staff then expect to be tipped! Pay the staff more Mr Le Meridien to stop them begging.Restaurant staff are slow and ineffective - they forget orders, are slow to deliver food/drinks and seem disinterested in being there. However they are still eager for their tips.Security was a joke - I would sometimes get searched, sometimes not. My wife would never get searched. Luggage did not get scanned! What a complete shambles.The room was dimly lit and would not get bright enough to get ready. The air conditioning next to useless and the floors in the room creak so loudly when you walk on them that everyone wakes up. Noise from neighbouring rooms and toilets makes you wonder if you are in a bedsit in a cheap part of town.A fruit bowl with four apples in it that are as dry as the sahara desert - how long have they been there? Come on Le Meridien - this is damaging your brand.On a positive note, the location is good for shopping and getting around. There are two fantastic hotels nearby - Shangri-La and Ramada - both of which will be an option next time we are here unlike the Le Meridien.	
Jun 17 2009	A fantastic hotel	This is a great hotel - amazing service. The restaurant on the top floor offers great views. The rooms are comfortable.	
Jun 16 2009 	Good Stay	Stayed on a business trip for one night. Was impressed by the design &amp; the bold statement the hotel makes. The service, courtesy was impeccable. Just right for a business traveller. There was some renovation work going in, the hotel left a note saying sorry with a small teddy, which was kind of nice....Did not spend much time at the hotel but it was a good stay.	
Jun 13 2009 	Enjoyed the Chinese restaurant	Good Hotel, and excellent rooms.	
Jun 10 2009 	lovely atmosphere	lovely atmosphere....lobby is great to interact with colleagues, silent music is too good	
Jun 9 2009 	best at delhi	best available hotel in delhi. located in the heart of delhi. very near to caunnut place and india gate. as per the reputation rooms are very execellent and the service are very prompt. the breakfast included in package is very tasty. love to sit in coffee shop at 24 hrs to eat something or can have a sip of beer any time. india gate is just walking distance. lot of internal changes happened since my last visit.	
Jun 8 2009 	Good Biz Hotel	this is my favorite biz hotel while in DelhiNewly renovated, big size rooms and bathrooms, good breakfast But it could do with little better housekeeping as i noticed insufficient cleanliness on my last stay	
Jun 4 2009 	Businness @ ease	Good Business Hotel. Worth statying at the hotel which will give you best facilities.	
Jun 4 2009 	Awesome	It was a great experience. The hotel could deliver more than my experience.	
May 20 2009 	Great Business Hotel + bonus in being able to walk somewhere	Stayed on business during a hectic trip. Nice location, actually able to get out and walk somewhere which is unusual for a 5* in India. Pool area disappointing though. Service etc first class	
May 14 2009 	God knows ! if renovation is over?	I stayed here while renovation or repair works of this property was going on. There was although no problem of noise or visible dirt, but most of the areas of the hotel I visited were all in a cramped and &quot;camp-like&quot; condition. Hence overall dining experience was spoilt.Printers / Xerox at business center didn't work, hence I was not billed, but I had to go to a road-side Xerox vendor in Delhi on my way to the meeting.Front-office staff is not at all courtious. Despite the fact that I was a SPG member and that I asked for a good room, I was given a room right in front of barricades made for renovation works. PREFERRED guest could have been given something better keeping in mind the loyalty they represent!120501264	
May 11 2009 	Location and Food	Location is great for Business travellers. The breakfast spread is excellent and taste is wonderful. Breakfast room gets crowded and is small for the hotel size. New club rooms are fantastic.	
May 10 2009 	A gem in the Jewel of the Crown	Le Méridien is known for its stylish hotels, and the one in Delhi is not an exception. Service was very good, from the driver who waited for me at the airport with a refreshing towel and a cold drink in the car, to the attendant serving drinks in the Royal Club, all were nice and welcoming people. The lobby is literally awesome, and very hip. Not so for the desk staff, both at check-in and check-out service was peculiarly impersonal. The room was very cool, with mood lighting and a view on the India Gate (as requested at the time of booking). Bathroom amenities are the best I've ever seen, including even band-aids, shaving kits and a toothbrush. I can recommend the spa with some hesitation: the treatment was fabulous, but the staff at the reception was not interested and even made a small error in the booking which, after I discovered it too late, took me ages to get corrected and they were wholly unapologetic for their mistake. Shame. Location is perfect, a comfortable 10-15 minute walk from the India Gate or the amazing Presidential Palace in a very green and quiet neighbourhood of this city of millions. I popped in at the Shangri-La next door for some Indian cuisine (the Meridien's Indian restaurant was being refurbished and I had to have some Indian food!). The Shangri-La is bland and the food... let's just say I've had better Indian food in Africa! In all, I'd very much like to stay at the Meridien again!	
May 10 2009 	good stay	I stayed here during one of my business trips. Its a good hotel. Good rooms. Good food. Especailly the business centre service was very prompt and helpful.	
May 10 2009 	Cheated by Hotel Management	I recently stayed at Le Meridien New Delhi and it was unequivocably the worst experience I have ever had in a 5-star hotel.1) My account was mishandled by the hotel staff resulting in my being unjustly charged around 100 USD for international phone calls that the hotel requested I make to provide them with an alternate credit card number along with copies of the front and back of the card, because the hotel's payment system was antiquated and the staff claimed that they they could not process the credit card I had previously provided them upon check-in without taking copies of the front and back of the card (a highly unsual and suspect practice, which made me even more wary as my wallet had been stolen I suspect either in or around the hotel), and this was despite the fact that the hotel had put a 250 USD hold on my card and the card was otherwise perfectly usable.2) Prior to charging the new card number, the hotel did not present me with my folio or any breakdown of charges or even provide me with the total balance. Once the staff received the faxed copy of the front and back of the new card, they proceeded to charge the card without my verification of the total charges. When I requested my folio at the front desk upon check out, I was presented with the credit card receipt showing the amount the staff had charged the new card, and I was told after my request to see my bill, that is was &quot;too late&quot;, that the card had already been charged- a fait d'accompli.I tried to dispute the charges while still at the hotel, but the staff were uncooperative in escalating the dispute to their superiors, and after numerous phone calls and emails, I still have not been credited back the aformentioned charges.3) On a more minor note, the property I also did not feel was up to 5 star standard. More specifically, despite having negotiated an equivalent price at the Oberoi and the Taj Mahal (I had previously stayed within the Taj group during my stay in India), I chose Le Meridien for my final night in India to experience a more &quot;modern&quot; 5 star hotel in the country. However, upon check-in, front desk staff failed to inform me of two important facts, that the deluxe room they gave me failed to feature a bathtub, which I would have expected in a five star property, and that the all day dining establishment was undergoing construction which caused alot of noise as it is located in the courtyard in the middle of the property around which all the rooms are situated.I would warn any potential guests from Le Meridien New Delhi, as I feel that management are not quite above board in their practices.	
May 6 2009 	excellent value for a 5***** HOTEL	superb hotel lovely lobby..beautiful rooms with lights in the mirror..classy coffee shop..superb	
May 4 2009	Great hotel	Great hotel.Very good location, close to CP.Staff was very courteous as well as the rooms were clean n good.Has a gud disco and a nice restaurant.Thumbs up.	
May 4 2009 	What an experience!!	The best in comfort and amenities. Only problem was that during my stay the spa was not operational. Hope by now they must have rectified that also.	
May 2 2009 	The place to be	Shiny glass building in the heart of Delhi is the cynosure of all hotels. A class in itself and full of luxuries.	
May 1 2009 	Great location good breakfast	The hotel is probably in one of the best locations in New Delhi.The interior is really good, great lobby and foyer.Staff is efficient. What I liked most about the place is the breakfast. Really good stuff and really helpful staff.Recommend for business and leisure.	
Apr 28 2009 	value for money	Nice interiors. Value for money. Well stocked bar. good health club.	
Apr 27 2009 	Excellent Business Hotel	Excellent Business Hotel. Incredible staff. trendy and beautiful rooms, these have lights to suit your mood which does sooth you as per the situation. Good Restaurant overall a value for money business hotel.	
Apr 27 2009 	Fine hotel - the best in Delhi	Managed to stay here for one night at the weekend away from work in the week,Expensive room rates but managed to get a basic room which was no more than an average hotel room in delhi.Outstanding location minutes from the centre of delhi and where the main shops area,Great interior and if you like contemporary design and italian lighting then this hotel is ideal.Did not use the pool, but looked outstanding.worth staying in for the experience.resident restuarants are fantastic and great evening entertainment and local music.	
Apr 22 2009 	Flashy Rooms	Its right in the heart of delhi. They have very well designed rooms with excellent view. The service is fantastic. You get spoilt like a maharaja. The food is good and they have a lovely night club.	
Apr 19 2009 	Class Interiors	Loved the ambience and the interiors of this place. Unlike any other 5 star Hotel property in India.You may feel your not in India here. The upholstery, seating etc in the lounge, banquets waiting area is plushRooms are nice, though no bath tub in the loo was alet down (rm. no. 927 on non-smoking floor).Service is excellent.Food is nice. Menu in Room service is much wider than other Le Meridien properties in India.OVERALL NICE EXPERIENCE	
Apr 17 2009 	Decent ... could be better	Excellent location! Has great facilities but could be packaged better. Services need improvement.	
Apr 16 2009 	Great stay right in the heart of Delhi....	since i live in delhi i rarely get the chance to stay in a hotel in the same city but last month i checked into the le méridien new delhi for one night for a conference....the hotel is located very close to the center of the city &amp; has a number of shops &amp; restaurants nearby....the stay exceeded my expectations at every point....being platinum status with spg really helped as they upgraded me to a great suite on the spg floor &amp; also offered me free breakfast at the lounge....i had dinner at the coffee shop which had a great buffet spread....there was a little bit of work going on at the hotel but it did not seem to either get in the way or disturb any of the guests....all in all it was a great experience....i have driven by this hotel a number of times &amp; never really thought of it as one of the better hotels in delhi....i now have a different opinion....	
Mar 31 2009 	Very nice hotel much better than the trip adivsor rating	Recently spent two nights at the Le Meridien New Delhi and thought it was fantastic They are still renovating the hotel but I can do without a few over priced shops. The rooms were very nice and new we stayed on the 12th floor which was quite a nice view over the india gate and the street below. The hotel food is nice but expensive, breakfast is okay. The hotel is a little bit removed from the action but still extremely close to everything. All in all a great place to stay. Even the currency exchange was at a rate better than that available at the airport. Highly recommended	
Mar 29 2009 	Not bad but not great	Stayed two nights in Febuary 09, upgraded to executive floor. Hotel was okay but I felt rooms were small and bathroom was tight when we were both in it. Moodlighting was fun. Exec lounge was very good with good selection at breakfast and afternoon tea. All staff were very attentive except pool and gym staff. Pool not available as being repaired, outside patio area was covered in pigeon s... Good central location.	
Mar 20 2009 	Fine Business traveller place under acceptable conditions	I stayed in the Le Meridien for three days on my annual business trip to India last week. My rep booked the place and which first struck me was the pricing. Last year 4-5 Star Delhi hotels costed around 200-300 EUROs a night. Now I payed 5500 INR which totals 81 EUROs a night including breakfast. This was really a good deal!!1. ARRIVAL AT INDIRA GHANDI INTERNATIONAL:I asked my rep to arrange pickup by the hotel. The Sadar driver waited at the exit for me and took care of my luggage. He wanted me to change some money (while he could watch over my shoulder and see what I will be changing and calculate the amount of his tip). As I am annually travelling to India since almost 15 years I declined his offer to lead me to the Thomas Cook booth and I told him that I brought Rupees with me already. Then the story of his &quot;two poor Children&quot; came up and I told him that I am not caring at all and advised him to drive me to the hotel as quickly as possible and upon the arrival I would decide about his tip. He stayed quiet and did what I asked him to do. Upon the arrival I gave him 50 Rupees. It is defintely not advisable to give more tip in India. 2. ARRIVAL AT THE LE MERIDIENThe arrival is similar to security check at an airport 20 years ago. My luggage was brought into the lobby and I had to pass a metal detector and was handsearched afterwards. My handluggage was also searched. When I passed the security area (makes sense after 11/26 incidents in Mumbai) I walked into a boutique style lobby which was fairly empty that late at night.3. CHECKIN:As a Starwood Preferred Guest I was given a room on the 12th floor which is their &quot;Starwood Preferred Guest Floor&quot;. The checkin was fast and efficient, the luggage was brought to my room within three minutes after I closed the door of my room.4. THE ROOM:Looked recently renovated, the light coloured wooden decor may not be of everyones taste, the &quot;mood light&quot; behind the bed as well-but they at least tried to do a bit different from the wannabe colonial style in other Delhi hotels such as the Taj Mansing, the Park etc. TV was a 46 inch plasma with tons of channels. The mini bar was well filled and relatively cheap (approx. 1,20 EURO for a soda), Room service worked well but seemed to be easily disappointed about Indian-style tipping from a European. The room was very clean and big enough for two. The lighting in the bath was a bit dark but also pretty well designed and everything was in good shape and working order. Loved the rain-shower.... The control panel for all the lights, alarm and A/C (not necessary last week with temperatures around 25 degrees outside) is a bit confusing but works pretty well if one understands how it works. All over all a very good experience. In room safe and all the little 4-5 star hotel gadgets were in the room and made the stay very nice. 2 Newspapers a day, a printout of a German newspaper`s front page, fresh fruit and bottled water were complementary every day. I had a direct view from my room to India Gate and the Red Fort.5. BREAKFAST:Breakfast was complementary and complete. A cooking station provided fresh eggs, omlettes etc. (plan a bit waiting time), juices and fruits were fresh, the choice of continental/English breakfast from the buffet war rich. Be aware: They`ll seat you the french breakfast style - you will be sitting on a long large table with strangers opposite and next to you if you come alone to the breakfast room. Nothing unusual if you have travelled to France.... FAZIT:Positve:- excellent value- well equipped, maintained room- clean and safe place- good breakfast- excellent location (right within Government district, close to Connought)Negative:- still some construction going on (bar &amp; cafeteria is being built)- some greedy staffI will definitely come again next year.	
Mar 10 2009 	Best Hotel in Delhi	The best hotel ever! Amazing breakfast buffet, amazing indian restaurant on the 2nd floor. Service, staff, decor was top class. This is the only hotel I would stay at when i return to Delhi. Highly recommend it!	
Mar 7 2009	An Oasis for Tired Travelers	This was our first stop on a &quot;Heart of India&quot; tour (14 people). Arriving at 6 am --after delayed flights and a harrowing ride --the first of many-- from the airport, we were so pleased to have a clean bed and hot water. Le Meridien was far more.The staff, except for a &quot;lady&quot; in the business center, who was so rude I seriously thought of complainig to the front desk, was most accommodating --our &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign that first morning was honored.The room was spotless; the breakfast outstanding.The hotel did not have great charm, but it did have a bonus. We were there during &quot;marriage season,&quot; and we could see the fireworks displays throughout the city.	
Feb 26 2009 	Disappointed	My husband and I stayed here at the end of our 3 week trip to India. Most of the lobby area was under construction, and was noisy until 9pm. We couldn't access the shopping arcade. We had to switch rooms late at night, and the information wasn't communicated to the day staff the next day, requiring several conversations with different people.While the front desk staff was friendly, they were unhelpful with suggestions/directions to major tourist locations. There was always a backup of cars entering the hotel. It was definitely geared to the business traveler. While it was centrally located, would check out other hotels on our next visit.	
Feb 22 2009 	nice hotel good standard	building and rooms are nice. gym is good, outdoor pool is a disgrace and a health hazard (dozens of pigeons all over).staff is generally helpful. food ok. all in all a good option in Delhi but not quite international 5 star.Once one is accustomed to Delhi hotel prices, the rates are acceptable. worth bargaining hard.	
Jan 8 2009 	Fine business hotel	The hotel is perfectly fine. Nothing special (except the service was very good). Rooms were clean and everything functioned properly. Restaurants were good. Gym and pool were fine. It just doesn't have much soul or character. Fine for business, but if you're looking for a taste of India, it doesn't have much.	
Nov 9 2008 	Bon Jour Meriden	well to start with the best thing about the property is the location itself. Its located right right in the heart of New Delhi, amidst a lot of greenery as well as the proximity to almost all of Delhi's tourist hot spots. Well connected to the airport as well as the railway station. Once you get into the hotel you fell this out of the world experience as you step into the pristine white lobby. The highly courteous staff, excellent rooms at very reasonable price and the highly recommendable Indian Specialty restaurant PAKWAN, are few of the high points of this ultra luxurious 5 star deluxe property	
Oct 30 2008 	OK to arrive at business services a rip off	I wanted to get a nice room to relax in and assimilate for my first trip to India. I had some business meetings in New Delhi and my daughter is going to university for a semester so it was great to visit. The first of several upsales at the hotel was to get an extra room key from the front desk. We explained she had a home in Delhi but apparently that didn't suffice. The room was nice. The hotel is within walking distance to landmarks such as India Gate and the national museum. Metro system is easily accessible as well. Food at the first level buffet was good and affordable. Great place for a morning coffee. We ate at the Chinese restaurant at the top of the hotel and it was nothing to get excited about other than being convenient to the room. The hotel was doing some renovations but they were efficient and clean. The Spa experience was disrupted by some drilling but life goes on.I had the Indian Spa experience. I was after a simple stress reduction massage. After a reservation discussion, I agreed to a 60 minute massage. The Spa called my room to see if I could arrive 30 minutes earlier. Considering that I had made the reservation 8 hours earlier it was mildly annoying. When I checked in at the Spa, the earnest female clerk insisted that I really needed a 90 minute massage. I insisted that the 60 minutes would be just fine. After much discussion behind the counter I was asked to meet with the &quot;doctor.&quot; I was met by the doctor who prescribed both inter and external problems with me and 90 minutes was necessary for my apparent issues. I was amused and agreed by signing several releases to 90 minutes, after all, he is a doctor.I actually loved the 30 minute leg reflexology delivered by a remarkably talented Chinese masseuse. You are never touched above the knee and it was fantastic. I awoke absolutely refreshed. Amazing. The synchronized massage which involves two people was interesting but I won't be doing that again. Probably a personal preference of mine and not a reflection of the oils, talent or handling by the masseuse pair.The worst annoyance was printing 10 pages from a thumb drive for a presentation in the business center, one page was blank. It cost me about 23.00 dollars American and was a total rip-off. It was handled by a woman who could have been in Vogue magazine. She was unable to provide me with a receipt and I was in a hurry. I think she was the Doctors wife.	
Oct 6 2008 	Great Hotel! Service is where they excel!	Stayed at the LeMeridian in Delhi for 2 weeks on business in May. Was an excellent stay -- many nice touches you would expect from a 5 Star Hotel.Airport TransfersHotel arranged pickup. I was met by a concierge at the airport who helped me find my car, where cold towels and bottled water were waiting. Courteous driver, pointed out the sites along the way and made a few suggestions for things I might want to see during my tripFront desk/ServiceSmooth, efficient and friendly each time I interacted with them. Each person I met on the staff was friendly, greeted you, and smiled. I felt very welcome by everyone!RoomsThere are two color schemes in rooms --- one dark, one light. Some people have issues with the dark room, but I liked it. Beds were very comfortable, bathrooms were large and functional, lighting was good. Room was serviced at least twice a day -- bottled water was restocked each time. Most evenings, I received a cheese or desert plate when my room was serviced. Over each weekend, I was given a new book as a gift. Had the hotel do laundry at one point -- no issues and very prompt service. Internet connection worked wonderfully and the switchboard had no issues with the calls I got at all hours of the night from the US.Breakfast/LoungeIncluded in the rate -- either in the executive lounge or the main restaurant. Both were nice depending on your mood --- there were more options in the main restaurant, but quieter in the lounge. The lounge still had an omelet station. Food was excellent in all cases. The lounge also had happy hour snacks and offered a different veg / non-veg option each day.RestaurantsThe main restaurant had great food --- the pastas could not be beat. Most everything on their menu was also available by room service. The Indian Restaurant on the top floor was also excellent with great views.Concierge / Travel DeskThis was the one area that disappointed me --- I wasn't exactly sure what I wanted, and didn't get many suggestions. It seemed the staff was hesitant to help me.Shops Lots of options in the hotel iteself at many price points and all willing to bargain. I found the best options and service in jewelry from Manoj at Padma Gems (I forget which, but either suite 13 or 14). He even did a custom pendant for me!	
Oct 6 2008 	Typical Le Meridien...	We spent our Eid holidays in India and flew into Delhi from Dubai to commence our Golden Triangle tour. The exterior of the Le Meridien Hotel was quite dated but the interior was reasonably renovated. The lobby and rooms resemble the Le Meridien style, but since it is an old building many parts including the upper floor restaurants are tired looking.Check-in and check-out was slow and service level was generally poor, but after staying in other 5-star hotels in Jaipur and Agra I guess it's best to simply lower your expectations. A few incidents that annoyed me include:a. I was specifically asked my check-out time during check-in but received a subsequent call during my nap to ask exactly the same question;b. I called to arrange for a wake-up call at 6:15am and they called back 5 mins later confirming that it's 5:45am;c. No complimentary water in the room (again typical Le Meridien);d. At check-out, the front desk staff handed me my bill in an envelop without looking at me or saying &quot;Thank you for staying with us etc&quot;. I thought that was extremely rude.On the plus side, the room was very clean and comfortable. Also the food quality was great. We tried 2 restaurants and room service and were content with the standard.Location of the hotel is also an advantage as it is very close to the central attractions.Overall quite a decent accommodation.	
Aug 8 2008 	great hotel	This was my 5th stay at the hotel, and I enjoyed this stay as much as the previous times.I was picked up at the airport, my room rate included airport transfers. I was offered cold towel as well as bottled water.Check in was smooth at the Starwood Preffered Guest desk (I am a gold member).The room was on the 16th floor, with a nice view of India Gate.The room itsel