East batteries! On-off switch too easy to maneuver.
Eats...no, GULPS batteries
Awkward ergonomics, no optical viewfinder, short battery life, slow, gets hot
Battery eating beast/slow to recharge
power runs out before pictures do
Slow, high battery consumption rate.
image size and quality
Memory too small, slow charge between shots.
Case design, included software
No Optical Viewfinder, No Carry Case
poor image quality, flash that thinks it's &amp;quot;intelligent,&amp;quot; awkward to handle.
I haven't discovered any!
That little on/off switch sucks
Low light photography, blinding flash
a little expensive, but it's worth it
Poor picture quality
Can only hold so many options, the software is lacking in options
Pics can sometimes be a bit yellowish
It needs reliable batteries, not cheap ones.
Low battery life, Smart Media not as popular as Compact Flash
hard to see view screen, hard to find
Maybe the price could be 400 dollars.
None that I've found
battery life
Short battery life
Takes a second or two to actually take the picture after the button is pushed, eats batteries. 
Occasionally mis-focuses some subjects in autofocus mode
eats batteries, carry several mem cards
Viewing screen in bright light.
No viewfinder, no lens cap
no support CompactFlash, a little slow, poor batteries
battery consumption, warm up time.
Sucks batteries like there's no tomorrow
It uses a lot of batteries.
falls apart way too easy
Needs batteries all the time
Software instructions difficult to understand and implement
image quality is less than perfect
Battery hog
Memory size (needs upgrade)
it only works sometimes, poor picture quality
???
Eats batteries. Not enough space for quality pictures.
Low battery life with standard batteries.
Green light in viewfinder, eats AA batteries
As listed above
Hard on batteries
no Zoom!! price, heavy/bulky, 
Poor quality pictures, High power consumption, Low memory size
Battery life, green light in viewfinder annoying
No USB connection
Missing zoom, few zippy features
Carbon unit accessory sometimes takes bad pictures with it; 640x480 res has its limits
Battery drain, com port only, NO ZOOM, 
Battery Killer, A little bulky
Instructions should be more user friendly. Manual assumes computer skills that a beginner may not have
Doesn't  have a swivel body. 
Problems with software, lack of instructions, lack of troubleshooting help, easy to delete pics
uses batteries very quick
when the computer is down, it won't work
uses batteries fast
High battery drain, Distracting flash indicator
Manual is on Software and not as separate item.
Only loads into computer half the time with associated software
No zoom!!!
none
battery eater
Options are $$$$$$$
performance
Eats batteries
Harder to use in low light
Durabilty, lack of zoom
battery hog
bad indoor pics.
no zoom
Continues to break down
none
None yet
Malfunctioned twice, goes quickly through batteries
battery cost a little high
Good, but not serious quality
Battery eater, have to connect to computer every time you download pictures
Eats up batteries
Flash not too 'smart', software
you have to buy a battery charger and rechargeables
Battery life stinks, flash overexposes closeups, no zoom
Devours batteries, white out on closeups with flash
short battery life
Lack of Windows2000 Drivers, No Zoom
LCD hard to see in the sun, LCD freezes
Eats batteries, plan on shelling out more money, Not very high res
Very Poor customer service.
The camera I have can only be connected to your computer via a serial port, and as I have a serial mouse and a serial modem, I have no spare ports while online, forcing me to disconnect to upload new pictures. :-( [Update: I now have a PS/2 mouse and can p
Potentially weak LCD screen
Slightly dated technology
No Auto-Focus, Weak Flash
Rechargeable batteries are a must!
none
low quality pictures, drains batteries
Battery life when using LCD, no zoom
printing photos is hard for me
eats batteries quickly,  viewfinder too far from lens, sporadic LCD window
As with all digital cam's...eats batteries.
Batteries can go fast if you dont get good ones
Has flaws which are made worse by bad service policy.
battery life (just buy lithium or rechargeable and it's GREAT); storage capacity (upgradeable)
does not have zoom
Battery Life
Serial cable only (No USB capabilities), Slow Uploading time.
An absolute battery hog
cam broke/wont upload battery drainer NOT MAC/usb supported
Eats batteries like crazy; frustrating problems, no USB
uses a lot of batteries, and doesn't take good close ups
ITS YOUR FIRST DIGITAL CAMERA TO PLAY WITH!!!! :)
Camera is slow, batteries rattle and delete settings, uses batteries up VERY fast.
8 months later I still have not received the $40. rebate that I was promised
almost non-existent tech support
It's easy to use even for children.
The camera kept breaking.
Holding the camera steady for 5 seconds after taking picture, Not XP compatible
Too little space to answer
quality and customer service
It ain't a $1600 Olympus!
Tech support virtually non-existent; 
Pictures only good for email.
You only get what you pay for.
VERY low resolution.  Will not take good enough pics for eBay or email
Weak flash, no memory expansion slot, customer service
none, just be aware of what it was made for
No LCD.  Menus are less than clear.
flash not great
No expandable memory. 
No memory upgrade or color LCD display.
If you want to spend more, you can get more resolution and memory.
Flaky hardware, *extremely* sensitive to motion during picture taking, mediocre picture quality.
None
Photos are mediocre.  Lighting can effect web camera adversely
7-second wait time in between pictures.
Flash-Range
No-LCD, so-so image quality, batteries
Flash kills batteries, bad with low light, no macro mode.
no zoom
Picture quality
No LCD, No Video Out, Batteries
Flash distance, poor results in room light
Battery life, flimsy USB cover
Short battery life, so-so indoor pic quality
turns off after about 15-30 seconds w/o use
battery life, flash too strong with artificial lights, long time between shots.
weak flash, video-conferencing feature is kinda crummy too
not great resolution, IT BROKE!
Battery life is very limited
Battery use &amp;amp; Mac compatability
batteries go dead after a short time
Battery Consumption
uses a lot of batteries
no optical zoom, slightly bulky, odd battery gauge.
shutter delay, slow flash charge, low battery life
Does not meet advertised specifications.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No support.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Tiny button for people with large hands
eats batteries, difficulty downloading
Not easy to operate, eats batteries
poor to no customer service, not for MAC despite claims
Battery use/Design
short battery life, annoying glare, need to restart Mac every time you want to transfer pictures
Little memory, excessive battery usage
Battery drainer
Eats batteries, have to buy optional power supply
Somewhat flimsy, no flash memory, media more difficult to acquire.
price
eats batteries!
Battery hog, poor LCD screen
Miserable battery life, poor battery cover lock integrity
Latency between pics, size, construction flaws
No Continuous Zoom, Lens doesn't swivel, Long warm-up time, Photowise 2.1.2 lacks features of earlier versions, LCD has slow scan rate
USB connection to my Mac doesn't work most of the time, Usability design
Needs computer to retain some settings; may not be Y2K compatible
can't think of any except eats batteries but I think all digital cameras do that. 
Poor Quality
bulky for today's standards
doesn't always work
all else
camera breaks, Agfa does nothing except tell lies
A little big for small hands.
Bad quality in low light, bulky case, slow LCD
Everything else
everything
It was free...
Poor image quality
picture quality, no USB interface
Low resolution, quirky file transfer
grainy images, distortion, poor quality images
extremely poor images
low quality pictures, eats up batteries
bad bad bad pictures
I kind of feel bad for the person that bought it.
all-should be taken off market
Lack of quality customer service.
extremely poor image quality
You get what you paid for.
Horrible image quality, pathetic battery life, no focus, the list goes on...
poor clarity
adapter and battery usage
just about everything about it
feels junky
Substandard image quality, confusing software
dont like it 
everything about it!
poor image resolution; high battery usage; not upgradable
Limited capabilities, shaky software
Just plain doesn't work.
Where shall I begin?
waste of money
Quality of Pictures, and the Company's lack of service to this customer
ahhh....it died!
EVERYTHING
stupid stupid stupid, don't buy it, i beg you!!
Doesn't produce decent photos without incredible effort
very expensive for a piece of junk
Low quality, not for taking important pictures.
Still not a good deal
Bad quality, doesn't work sometimes.
Needs $50 power adapter not included. Poor resolution of picture.
bad quality, poorly made
picture quality, battery use, no view
Everything from its hard instillation, too is unacceptable performance
image quality, battery life, usability
read all opinions for the cons
quit working, poor quality pictures
Pixellation in photos, some software troubles, hard on batteries
agfa lies about product specs
EVERYTHING
EVERYTHING
Horrible quality
bad picture quality/ battery drainage issue
fuzzy pics, connection problems, list goes on ...
Picture quality is useless
not the best quality  sucks battery power
TAKES BAD PICTURES
SUCKS,SUCKS, SUCKS!!!!!!!!!
Low quality service, pictures, software, and warranty
problems with software and batteries, low resolution
Picture quality is utterly awful
everything
the fact that it exists
poor quality
buy a battery for every photo you plan on taking, don't plan on the photos being very good
Very low end
battery life, ease of use
Absolutely everything. Terrible picture, battery life
Short battery life, awful image quality, poor construction, terrible software
It is a battery eating machine!
Pictures are very grainy and seem out of focus
Smile is very low-end, not for the serious digital photo lover.
Hard to use, poor quality pictures, battery life.. ha ha.
or you can say there's nothing good about it.
short battery life, poor resolution, no&amp;#13;&amp;#10;customer service, badly constructed
Lens distorts, resolution is low, needs lots of light, gobbles AAs, looks toylike
Serial port, only 2mb memory ( 16 pics is not enough ), ugly pictures
poor image quality, no display
Resolution ... 1.2 mp  is the base for most graphic work... but ..just enough
no flash, annoying beep when buttons pressed, shutter button in an uncomfortable spot
Poor low light/indoor picture quality.
Poor low light performance, drains batteries, no flash.
Cheap plastic hardware&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No flash
It likes a lot of light, but for the money I have no complaints.
Needs a lot of light.
Software does not allow conversion from bitmap to jpeg formatting. Fragile. Low light problems
Takes getting used to because of small size., , Some trouble installing due to missing files.
No flash, bad as a webcam, no customer support.
Short battery life, low end picture quality, no flash, beeping noise
design flaws and missing features, marginal image quality
Why would a spy camera BEEP when pictures are taken?
low image quality, can be flimsy 
Image quality is poor without good lighting, may break if dropped, 
Irritating beep when camera takes a picture, no flash on camera.
No flash, marginal lens.
OK Image Quality, No Flash, Battery Drainer, Few Features, Spoils-the-Fun Beep when Taking Pictures
No flash, Not for low light situations
no flash &amp; you lose all your pix if the battery goez dead . 
cheap plastic parts&amp;#13;&amp;#10;poor low-light performance&amp;#13;&amp;#10;marginal image quality
drains batteries, bad photo quality, software only works with Windows 98 and above
Poor picture quality and no flash.
Poor picture quality
Not the best digital camera available.  No flash.
marginal image quality; limited storage; inadequate product support
Image quality is so-so. No flash.
poor quality photos, battery problems, no flash, endless cons
clip on it does not stay hooked to what ever you clip it on
Bad pictures, flimsy, not worth the money.
Won't take pictures in low light.
quirky software
You need lots and lots of light to use this one.
Noisy, costly, grainy plain paper printouts, ease of changing cartridges
Slow and noisy, uses a lot of ink.
Probably not for photos; loud.
Are there any?
need to clean print head occasionally
noisy, big
takes a few moments to change ink cartridges
Loud, cartridges have to be cleaned for real quality color
can't print, lousy support, bad communications, never again
Hard to find replacement cartridges
As always, expensive inks.
Expensive running costs, noisy, large, problems with non-Epson consumables.
somewhat noisy
Hmmm..... No cons come to mind !
cartridges are still expensive (shop around)
Price, constant maintenance
Ink cartridges are pricey
Ink cartridge monitor system leaves something to be desired.
Not a one
slow for photos, expensive ink costs, loud
medium quality on regular paper, ink hog
Epson does not support: has lines in output
haven't found any
Minor nozzle clogging issue in some situations
blurred picture, price
none
if you use paper less that 24lb, the printer will misfeed the paper
price, cartridges are expensive
Macintosh LocalTalk needs an optional interface card.  Some information only in electronic version of the manual.
Loud
Unacceptable black text.
Hard to find ink
A bit loud and shakes when printing
Printer may shake desktop.  Black text rendition poor.  See opinion for work-around.
Pretty loud
Very noisy!  Design is bigger and clunkier!
loud, takes a long time to warm up/print a page
Loud, high priced, and not that great on black text.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Noisy, does not allow for stiff copy.
none
lack of a LCD
a little pricey
warmup takes longer than the &amp;quot;ready&amp;quot; light indicates
None
That paper tray!
Price is high for most consumers, size
nod LCD screen, drivers can conflict.
Lack of Flash and Focusing Ability
Pictures not the best.
Pictures not the best.
Your best photo's will be bad.
Your best photo's will be bad.
Poor quality photo's
Horrible picture quality; no flash. 
Poor quality, no flash, outdoor pictures only.
You get what you pay for
Low pic quality. not hold many pic's on High Resoultion (20) Low resolution (80)
Drivers not XP compatible&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Product Support Minimal&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Product Doesn't Work
Eats batteries up so fast that they must be removed after use!
Where should I begin? No flash, no removable memory
Picture quality is very poor. 
Low quality pictures, no flash
does not work... get what ya paid for
very vague instructions, pictures arent very high quality, not much memory
Even the "High resolution" pictures are very poor quality.
You get what you pay for
poor quality photos, cheap, no lcd screen
Your best photo's will be bad.
Not cheap enough, found better stuff in Cracker Jack boxes
No removable memory, no flash
Poor quality pictures
no flash, hard to understand directions, cheap construction
Picture quality isn't that good, cheap design and construction, no flash makes lighting necessary
Mine is under the Vivitar brand name ,but the same camera !
Poor optics, puny internal memory, 
USB problems, Problems powering up, didn't operate properly
Not worth the money
Little built in memory, short range
about .5mb of internal memory, battery &amp; CF doors are hard to open/close
grainy LCD preview; poor picture quality; flash broken
Defective and the quality?
none!
a little difficult to fold down
A little bit expensive for those new mothers.
 Can't push it while lying on the couch.
none
Expensive, can tip over
Hard to travel with.
The price, and its bulky
Kind-of Bulky in Malls
baby pushing up can cause it to topple backwards
None found yet
Price. Size. Does not fold up easily.  
Expensive
Almost too big for everyday use.
Its hard to manipulate if you take it in large crowds
Doesn't fold, unless you disassemble it, and is still extremely bulky. Only one seat position.
I don't know of any
Bulky when folded, doesn't lock in the folded position
expensive, lacking all the cutesy gadgets others have
That it can sometimes get a little out of control
Cost, takes some adjustment getting used to pushing while jogging.
Stroller doesn't turn easily, rear wheel alignment problems cause it to drift
doesn't fold up the best
Too large
Cheaply made, uncomfortable, no head support or cushioning. 
none
expensive, brake hard to set
Hard to store and travel with, not very comfortable for toddlers
not made for people over 6'2&amp;quot;
No more excuses for not running
May not fit into small car
none
Expensive
Not good on rough terrain
Spendy, Balance and Design Issues
A little hard to get up curbs.
wheels are too big
Kind of bulky
Like a bike, tires can go flat easily.
Baby can't recline, access to basket is small, brakes don't engage on the first try
lacks parking brake, sun shield is too small, somewhat awkward to fold
somewhat bulky in size 
basket on bottom is small
Bulky to transport
No adjustable recline position
You can't use it to go shopping at the mall.
3 wheels are better than 4
higher price
No stationary brakes.  
None, this is the 'perfect' sports stroller
Hard to get., Pricey
Takes a little while to get the hang of putting together
A little bulky to get into a small car
Balance problem and it's hard to put away
Price Can Be a Drawback
Not reclining seat
more pricey than other joggers
seat doesn't recline - minor issue.
One sitting position
Folding it can take some getting used to
pricey, small baskets
just alittle pricey but worth it!
expensive and not for infants
too wide to use indoors, expensive
breaks easily with a little wear and tare.
somewhat heavy
took awhile to get used to
Expensive
less than eight wheels
Break down is a little awkward.
It's a bit pricey, but well worth every penny
price, wheels 
you need a large trunk, minivan, or truck
It has tipped over on occasion, only once with baby inside!
Straps caused minor discomfort, but otherwise no complaints!
The turning is not that easy
Needs a parking break; strap between the legs is too long (can be remedied); retracted canopy brushes against an older childs head.
Poor canopy design.
None
Canopy, Bottom Mesh Basket
See Review for product comparisons
NOT for babies, huge, expensive
Won't replace the need for a small stroller.
A little steep in price(but worth it)
the attachment bar then makes it hard to fit into some vehicles 
Folding and unfolding is akward and there is no cup holder
too minor to mention
Like most double strollers, it squeaks from time to time
Squeaky, and quite flimsy after 20 months of heavy use.
not easy to transport, takes up a lot of room in car, can't use basket with back seat reclined
reliability, size
small basket, no leg room in rear
Missing storage, hard to collapse
Hard to lift in the trunk.
basket not accessible when used as travel system
As of yet, I've not found any!
High price
engineering
Front rider gets kicked and seats do not sit straight up.
Basket inaccessible when back seat is fully reclined
Gets squeaky and flimsy on the long run
doesn't wear well, 
Basket is hard to reach when car seat is attached
Bulky
Baby Trend difficult to reach by phone
small storage area, no handle height adjustment
Like pushing an Explorer through the mall. 
Yeah, I'd like to see YOU keep MY toddler in the standing position!
Too heavy, somewhat flimsy
Storage basket can't hold very much, no cup holders.
hard to push and turn
When using infant carrier, older child cannot sit; somewhat heavy; manuvering in stores takes practice!
Fairly large and heavy, small basket.
bulky,  storage difficult to access
basket hard to reach
May not allow enough room for taller child in weight range
Too big, heavy and hard to manuver
long distance catapulting of occupant due to lack of brakes
bulky for storage
heavy
Outgrow fast
Hard to maneuver
Folding up a BIG hassle, heavy, feels cheap.  
Small storage basket
strong and reliable
Not realistic.
Too big and cumbersome
flimsiness
front pops out
basket location
Front seat doesn't recline much
not designed for young children, expensive
a little pricey
very awkward to collapse
lots of repair problems, hard to steer, heavy
harder to fold
seat positions
infant part needs more padding
My children don't like to stand when the front seat is reclined
not as small as normal one child strollers, not a great harness system for older child
can't sit on back while front is reclined fully
can't think of any
Storage access!
Infant seat attachment makes stroller bulky!
Maneuverability
not suitable for 2 pretoddlers
Too heavy, hard to fold and unfold, safety concerns for standing child.
Poor design
toddler not restrained enough
Not enough room on jumpseat, not a good seatbelt, very heavy
Heavy,  Basket inaccessible, Probably was not the best choice for our needs
not for wanderers
not for 2 small children
bulky and hard to maneuver when closed
seat only has 2 reclining positions
Can be pushed by child sitting in back
HEAVY
worst stroller I have ever used
Toddler cannot always sit
child in the front seat will grow out of it fast.
hard to push and turn
Size
child can fall off when standing
heavy - awkward to fold up and basket hard to access.
Basket is not easy to get too! Needs a cup and bag holder for parents.
Heavy,and hard to turn.
Software not XP compatible, scanner is slow and scan quality not up to par
Too bad it doesn't do color printing.  Slow on the hi-res color scanning otherwise great.
Needs linux drivers.
none so far
Horrible customer service
Slow First Copy, Not Color (inkjet), Small Document Bed
Slow scanner.
Edges of copies may bend on output tray
Drum unit gave out after 13 months of light home use.
Driver could be better, sometimes has errors
No network port. No color. No cable in box
only 2mb (enough for normal duty)
None
Needs more documentation on CD
Short drum life, obtrusive software
USB, Power Consumption
USB setup is difficult.  Very still cardstock may be a problem.
Quite large
Crappy software
None that i can think of!
Not a Postscript printer
Memory is not upgrade able.
Could have better quality.
Limited expansion possibilities
Limited On Board Memory, Slightly Hard To Find In Stores and On The Web
USB installation could be more seamless
No automatic envelope feeder, the paper tray fits both letter and legal which makes it stick out beyond the printer body in the rear of the machine.
Only 2MB memory, nonexpandable or networkable.
manual feeding a touch tricky, beige
Somewhat large
print quality not a crisp black color
inability to increase RAM
the name isn't HP
NONE
buggy USB driver
None yet
none
Bare-bones Mac driver; PostScript not available
Paper tray sticks out back
Won't work well with older computers, support is difficult
The toner cartridge is difficult to find.
Fairly large, 2MB memory may not be enough for some
Can't be networked.
doesn't work well in network environments
Not good for printing envelopes
High-Res graphics are a little fuzzy.
None yet.
Square design, 4MB memory not enough for some image printing, supplied drivers not excellent
Susceptible to jamming
It glitches on occasion, but doesn't everything.  This does it less, though.
print shade
Annoying Quick Setup Dialog Box - Doesn't work well with Win XP
None so far.
Paper Handling could be better.
Just prints b&amp;w, toners are costly
Feeding heavy stock from paper tray, incorrect instructions for printing a test page.
Clearing paper jams can be tricky, requires significant component replacement periodically.
No print density control: prints too light with some fonts.
Can only load one piece at a time in manual loader
Unreliable USB interface.
Drum Unit Assembly
Setup - possible hitch.
Relatively_long warm-up time. It_needs more memory for graphics. Replacing_the drum unit will hurt (financially).... 
Can't print a lot of graphics; customer service isn't great.
Buggy software drivers.
Tray can be tricky to slide out
I tis not a color Printer (Joking)Can't think of any
Noisy when operating
Windows XP users may have to download additional software to use this product
The drum kit burns light weight glossy paper, too high of heat.
Low memory means restrictions on printing graphics
The tray should be bigger to hold more paper.
Approx 70 pct of time it will not print an address on an envelope. 
Not for graphic or color prints jobs.
Nothing really
You must download drivers for windows xp
Trouble with graphics.
toner cartridge problems - gray background after 500-750 pages new machine
smell of cartridge ink; inconsistent manual feed
It continually jams when printing envelopes. 
Too cheap to keep
As loud as my paper shredder, Dimmed the lights in my room, Slow to print
No USB or Parallel cable included.
none so far
many jams, awkward to clear; streaking; sucky documentation
Some paper jams, computer freeze-ups, software takes a while to figure out.  Somewhat slow.
Annoying paper jams.
No phone handset
None.
Multiple Sending at the same time has problems
Zero customer service
The paper port does not have writer capabilities.
SLOW and mine may have defective print heads
Address book
None so far.
No attached telephone or "moniter" function for dialing.  
Its slow and produces very low quality.
Slow, useless scanner, unreliable fax
none
IF YOU HAVE THE ROOM I WOULD SUGGEST GETTING SEPARATE UNITS FOR BETTER FLEXIBILITY
Not for images.
Will not feed small items (3" x 5" or less).
????
toner consumption
Has difficulty with wite-out.
No power switch, high consumables cost, occasional toner spills, problems cancelling fax jobs
May not be fast enough for larger offices
Expensive black ink cartridge malfunction.  Color is disappointing.
my item arrived damaged the first time
none really
Not cheap
Having no Power On/Off button was a little strange. But I got used to it.
No audible feedback.  Customer Service not competent.
no telephone or answering machine with it
Takes up a little more space than I thought
Long set up time, complicated directions, not Windows compliant; cable not included.
A little more that I need for home use.
none so far
Print head only last months; cost half of the retail price of the machine
Scanner could only handle simple sheet.Printhead poor quality and terrible price.
short life ink cartridges, leaks, false 'empty' messages, printhead fails [expen$ive]
Nonexistent support, Ink dries up with nonuse, 
Print quality marginal when new,then deteriorates rapidly.
As noted, print heads a disgrace
No flat bed capability
Print head goes out and it cost 150.00 to replace - largest rip-off ever. 
video capture is a lie
Printer head had to be replaced twice in 10 months (under warranty, but a hassle none the less).
slow scanner
Needs improvement on certain areas.
Print Head Replacement Fee of $150.00
Print heads frequently fail and are not covered under warranty.
Not quite perfect photo quality
poor quality, difficult setup, expensive ink
INK DOES NOT LAST &amp; IS EXPENSIVE, SOFTWARE IS HARD TO SETUP
Terrible fax machine
Ink useage, service from brother, doesn't mesh with Windows XP, etc.,etc.
pseudo-perfect picture quality, fairly expensive ink
High Ink Costs, Poor Customer Service, Poor Print Quality, Not Compatable with Windows XP,Planned Obselescence
Attempt at using refill inks was disasterous. Printhead replacement very expensive oustside warranty period.
Poor quality "copies"; streaking on photos; A4 reduction issues
Drinks ink.   Warranty repairs at 6months. Now (18 months) Head needs replacing @ $215.00.
Poor quality - printouts have stripes etc., difficult set up, expensive ink
single sheet feeding sometimes a problem
Single copies take forever, set-up software does not complete its job, cannot copy legal sized paper.
Cheap parts and bad customer service
very unreliable
For best performance, needs additional memory
see Deficiencies
After many thousand pages, I don't know of any yet.
Letter size Flatbed Scanner,No On Off Switch
Brother does not have the best reputation
warm up is slightly slow
Color ink prints low quality images.
Picture Quality
Uses too much ink, poor black text when using color cartridge, feeds paper poorly
You get what you pay for
Nothing major.
Slow, poor printout quality, expensive cartridges that don't last long
runs out of ink quickly, brakes easily, feeds a lot of paper through at one time
Pages Per Min
Color printing is not top quality, but what did you expect in this price range?
uses too much ink
very slow and ink does not last long
none
Not enough features for amount of money spent
Cartridges 
Colors Are Not As Sharp As I Would Like
Slow Printing
cartridges
replacement cartriges are expensive, being as high as $45.00
Poor printing quality; painfully slow
un-clear printing quality
Slow, Holds only black OR color cartridge at one time.
Does not last
inktank dryout, poor quality, lack of customer service
Dries up, high maintanence, high cost of use.
none
makes loud noises, average printing quality, runs out of ink quickly
having to leave it on continuously, slow printing
Continually Powered
mediocre color printing
machine is a little noisy
Have two change from black to color cartridge.  
loud and slow
driver support
refill the paper/ink every week for 20 pages
ink cartridges overpriced
cheap
Smudging
I couldn't think of any PROS
None Right Now!!!
Low quality, cost of ink, single cartridge system.
None that I can think of anyway
Slow printing, not quite photo-quality, color/black cartridges must be switched and stored.
No paper tray
Requires to change cartridge for color/bw
Speed, quality, .........
slow speed on printing papers
loaded paper crooked, paper jammed, unreliable
Eats the Ink!
Slow, mediocre printing
Limited picture printing quality
Requires specific inks and only good quality papers.
Read on.....
runs out of ink to fast
Ink runs out way to quick
price of ink; general print-quality
reliability
None
low quality colour prints, short cable
jams paper and uses alot of ink really fast
eats up printer ink quickly&amp;#13;&amp;#10;very slow moving&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
They should give you a free printer after purchasing 5 cartridges.
Changing the ink cartridges in and out for different tasks (color/b&amp;W)
my 4th canon in 3 years
Paper jams frequent&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Bad long term colour quality
Cheaply made
Not really fast printing, capacity for only two cartridges
cleaning is a bit tricky, all the settings for the different prints confusing
noisy, blurry, leaky, slow
Color print quality
A little slow, runs out of color fast
Paper jams frequently, color pages are slow and fuzzy
everything else about it
AWFUL PERFORMANCE - BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE
slow, not recommended for bulk printing jobs or high end work
expensive up keep
Rebate ending soon!
some paper loading properties
Higher quality printing can be sluggish, somewhat of an ink hog.
New problem every month.
Ink thirsty, ink dries out fast, expensive ink cartridges 
Grainy images
Could print more pages per minute
ink cartridge runs out very quickly
color quality wasn't great
small cartridge size
Ink cartridges don't last long, frequent glitches in the print jobs
size of cartridge
Ink cartridges -cost to much and frequently be replaced
expensive tanks and poor tech support
Having to replace ink cartridges every three weeks gets to be quite costly.
A low end model, not for heavy graphics or photographs
speed,speed,speed
slow to deliver to printer, not too bad
Won't print maps
low quality
Expensive ink cartridges.
n/a
Pricey ink
not the best quality, but okay
NONE
5 PPM print speed
LACK SOMETHING
Price of ink cartridges, speed of printing
Costs of replacing ink
slow
One page at a time
None
Original drivers, amount of ink too small
High ink consumption, print quality with good paper, small paper tray
None
Very slow
the noise
Can occasionally take some time to get the printouts.
Runs out of ink fast, poor color quality, scanner only scans papers
Ink Cartridge Needs to be Replaced Often
Kind of slow 
Not enough room to type them all here, please read the epinion
Their service is almost non-existent
Print quality of graphics not the brightest
Some difficulty restarting after paper jam.
Only 1 button
not as high quality as the more expensive brands
uses lots of ink
Check out the ink consumption on this bad boy
no light to tell if it's on or not!
Slower, lower print quality...but it's only $30.
Slow as all heck
Semi-slow printing
ink cartridges are a bit pricy
Ink is expensive
black ink runs dry, tech support sucks
Does not print photos very well
small color cartridges and they cost too much
no alert on empty cartridge
none
Lower photo printing quality without the photo kit.
Stay tuned
not durable ink tanks
Ink cartridges are expensive
poor ink cartridge quality
Not as fast as I would like 
eats ink very fast
It's a total piece of garbage.
but it won't work at all on my system
haven't found any yet 
No ink indicator, uses ink too quickly
Didn't work
not exceptional in any way
No ink level indicator
Low print speed
Never prints in color.
None so far. (I've used it &lt;i&gt;a lot&lt;/i&gt; for over a year and a half.)
Gobbles up the ink cartridges
Print quality doesn't last that long.
don't know when you will run out of ink!
Canon BJC 2110:  cheap print quality, bland colors, SLOW
Noisey, no swich to turn it off, Low speed
Black ink cartridge runs out quickly.
slow printing
my 4th canon in 3 years
Slow to Process, The paper does not feed well.
Eats ink cartridges!!!!Bad paper feed.
runs out of ink too quickly, somewhat slow to print
Runs out of ink too quickly. The paper does not feed well. 
The black ink goes fast, If print alot.
The speed could be better.
ink runs out quickly
Not very fast
Little slow.
slow color printing, runs out of ink quickly
No off/on button
Print cartridge (print head) died within a year.
Speed, print quality.
Bad Quality, Not worth the low pricetag, opt for an HP
Slow, ungreat print quality, &lt;b&gt;printer cable not included&lt;/b&gt;.
photo printing, ink capacity, total cost of ownership
Slow
little warning when ink runs out
none so far
The cartridge gets clogged easily and it costs just as much as the printer
very inconsistent, low print quality, slow!
my 4th canon in 3 years
not as fast as some
average ink costs
bad with pictures, paper not always read
None
You never know when the ink is running low
None
poor performance
Sometimes more than one sheet of paper is pulled through at a time
Very small ink cartridge, no power button or LEDs
low quality and slow - must download setup program for Windows ME
No power button, slow with color
Significant cash rebate ending soon!
Paper feed sometimes crooked
Noisy, slow, irritating
It is expensive to do a lot of printing!
Cant print at speeds that are said
Not for &amp;quot;heavy duty&amp;quot; (uless you buy two or three)
more for simple projects, as a homework
Not Perfect Quality
none at this time
Fairly loud when printing, cartridges seem to have a low capacity
Color printer cartridges expensive, not enough features
I haven't found any yet... I'll update this if i do. =)
Inconsistent Printouts
some extra papers might come out with printed pages but they can be reinserted with the holding paper (minor)
ink cartridges run out rather quickly, not as fast as commercial printers
The ink cartridges are small and run out quickly.
None
None.
Slow Printing
small capacity ink cartridges, printer cable not included 
$20 cable not included, it's kind of slow.
Not presentation quality printing
Color ink is a bit pricey, replacing the print head is a major upkeep expense.
Unrealible, cartriges empty quickly, fairly slow printing
3 colors are in one cartridge - must replace all to replace one.
Paper feed sometimes will grab too much paper, inkjet cartridge is $45.
Very slow, odd (though quiet) printing sounds, unremarkable print quality.
INK Cartridges are expensive and don't last
Smears ink occasionally
Ink cartridge don't hold much ink.
Photos are a little grainy
noisy/slow/very basic (but basic could be a plus sometimes)
Slow, Ink runs out fast
Not Great Quality Even on &amp;#147;fine&amp;#148;
Paper became aligned slightly incorrectly often, sometimes smeared/
"One paper at a time please"
Sometimes Locks Up!!!
EXTREEMLY SLOW!!!, uses ink fast, need to change cartridges for each job (color, B&amp;W, etc.)
drinks ink, average results at best
Carts are a bit pricey and printing can be painfully slow especially with color documents.
expensive ink, painfully slow
None
no tray for printed pages to rest on as they come out
none
unreliable
Some Paper Jams, Ink Smears If Inkhead is clogged
Ink catridges cost too much.
expensive cartrages
Speed, Build Quality
Single ink cartridge, expensive to replace, slow
none to speak of
paper jams, ink problems
my 4th canon in 3 years
need to switch cartridges, no paper catch tray, slow, outdated
expensive cartridges
switching cartridges, not fast printing
Haven't found any yet!
resolution and reliability
Slow, basic and expensive printing
low DPI
too slow.
Photo print quality, speed, noise
Smudgy text; poor color definition.
none at this time
Not a good choice to do pictures or color.
Slow, slow, slow
the cartridges are a little expensive I think
use's a lot of ink for black and white
Runs out of ink too quickly, cartridges are costly
none
slow
Slow and Loud when printing in color
never worked correctly; Cannon will not replace with new printer
Must replace cartridge if one color runs out, 
Can you say &amp;quot;Paper Jams&amp;quot; 
Speed is slow on high-resolution and color graphics.
Separate ink cartridges 
None so far
Not the best in any of the above
ribbons a bit pricey
Slow, bad print quality, jams often
way too slooooooow
Buying the ink Cartridges often
Cartridges are tricky to install, NOT good for high volume
speed
Cartridges expensive, slow, problems when changing from defaults
Color Print Speed is Slow, Cannot Hold Color and Black Ink Cartridge in at the Same Time
Operating cost BAD...
Sometimes not reliable.
high cost of cartridges, slow to print several sheets of material
Mind of it own
Not very complex, color photos not as good quality as the more expensive printers, loading paper sometimes annoying...
No speed demon
Not Worth It
Slow for high volume work
doesn't print at a professional level
Too many problems to deal with
Have to switch ink cartridges
You do get what you pay for. Feel like a dentist? Extract paper...
Doesn't warn you when you're about to run out of ink.
Envelopes tend to stick.
Awful color quality, painfully slow, clunky and problematic
Cartridges are around $26 for black and white, sometimes not so smooth
Every now and then visited by BJC-250 trolls who play jokes.
Smudges sometimes
Short-life ink cartridge, print quality horrible, paper feed problems
slow.....bad quality print
Must swap cartridge for true blacks
harder to find the ink at stores
A little slow getting started.
Purple does not print well.
Noisy drawn out start up.
None
none
Slower than expected printing
awkward size, slow printing, poor paper handling
Shakes our Desk when printing
hard to find refills
Wish there were more printers like this one
doesn't come with windows me drivers
Messes up sometimes, runs out of ink fast
Quite slow... but who cares.
Rather noisy
Shakes like a crackhead wih no money!
Inks are pricey
Paper Output Tray
Occasionally feeds too much paper; Would be nice if it was a bit smaller
conflict with mustek scanners, usb doesn't seem to work like it should
Significant rebate is about to expire!  Get it now!
Unimpressive output quality. Needs good quality paper to look only &amp;quot;fairly&amp;quot; good. Graphics/photos are way too grainy.
did not work
Speed
Will update once I find one!
demonic possession, gurgles. :)
none
Photos less quality than expected.
Software glitches, photos grainy.
Long noisy warm-up sequence, so-so printing quality for photos
Expense of Operation, Zero Reliability, Very Unperfected Product
Dubious print quality; shakes more than Elvis; LOUD!
little pricey, small ink cartridges
you have to change tanks between color and B/W
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Jams easily. A bit on the costly side.
if you want quality goods you will have to fork over the dough, this item doesn't come cheap
Canon printer dependability is not as good as HP or Epson, may be the most expensive portable printer out there, scanner addition only so-so
costly (initial and maintenance)
Software install not the greatest.
high price, poor software
Very slow and loud.  poor picture quality. And worst of all... VERY POOR customer service.
I can't get it to turn on
100% unreliable.
Noisy, expensive, bad customer service, not supported on Windows XP.
Bad Customer Service and Product Reliabililty
Large size and print speed
Minor problem printing small size paper.
Won't print most of the time
For undemanding home users only
Just about everything else
Constant replacing and cleaning, very noisy
Very unreliable; I don't know where the ink goes!
cheap, poor quality, messy
Guaranteed to fail
loud, slow, smeared text, no support
difficult to install, expensive to operate, reliability, slow speed
no ink level notifier, the price won't stay this low
Bulky
none
Canon bad
LARGER IN SIZE THAN MOST
read below
Higher purchase price
costley refills.  $46.00 each
No help screens, cannot print multiple copies except in Microsoft programs, only two opaque ink tanks, expensive to replace the ink tanks
Bad Quality, expensive, just plain terrible
scanner only feeds not a flat scanner
None 
uses alot of ink
Very slow to warm up. Slow to initialize prior to printing. Noisy printer
Ink cost
Doesn't work properly, poor customer service, noisy, slow
it doesn't work
None
Poor color print quality, interface problems, noisy, frequent and lengthy head cleaning procedure on startup
Print Speed
Just about everything else about it
poor color printing, eats up ink
good reviews in Computer mag
slow, poor quality prints
Impossible to install, impossible to print
Uses lots of ink, fairly slow
smeared printing, never wakes up from standby, won't feed paper properly, 
Annoying long and noisy preparation to any project, wastes ink
Expensive cartridges, replaced too often
Poor Technical Support, Low/NO Color Quality
Doesn't  work very well
Consumable costs / no sheet feeder for A3
Noisy, no ink level indicator, no Windows XP drivers (official)
Too many to list!!!
Frustrating to use; To many problems
Average print quality, somewhat slow.
Just about everything.
Bad print quality, expensive ink cartridges, huge for home use, slow
Noise, speed, reliability, durability, paper feed.
An ink hog, noisy, unreliable print quality
Bad prints, expensive ink, sloppy printing.
Size, very problematic, ink cartridges are expensive!
ink vanishes, poor support, noisy, cheap for a reason
don't forget the extra cartridges to get the high quality and speed
pricey ink refills, tabloid sheets are manual feed.
11X17 is rear loading so must be accessable
rather large
Kind of bulky in size
only lasted 5 months
Takes a long time to print the job.
cost of cartridges if you use Canon over generic, 
Print Quality, Ink Cartridges, Technical Service, Warranty Service, Size of the Machine, ECT, ECT, ECT
does a song and dance routine while starting, worked for a year
noisy, bulky, get dirty inside and needs to be cleaned
Printing, ink use, ease of use!
hard to install, not compatible, &amp;quot;so so&amp;quot; quality
can't hold a lot of paper
Model has bad history
Extra cartridges needed for the most versatility, quality could be improved, but is still good
Ink cartridge cost, saturation, speed
none that I have come across
horrible service, nothing but problems
Very Big Printer.
Ink tanks don't last long
a little slow and noisy
ink refills a little pricey
Gulps ink.
Paper-eating, ink-swilling, spooler destroying annoyances
Acts strange sometimes, takes too much space on desk
Not a &amp;quot;solid&amp;quot; printer, NO WIN 2K DRIVERS!
Slow, horrible print quality, poor tech support, Only works in windows 98
none
Takes forever to start printing if you are printing 1st document after computer startup
Poor Customer Service,  expensive refills, errors with writing data to printer
ink cost
Too expensive (even with the rebate); much better units (BJC-3000) available.
Periodic paper jams, balky operation, *wildly* noisy and bothersome racket when printing.
It is big, loud, and slow.
Expensive daily use
buggy driver
reliability, some ink usage
Photo cartridges are 45 dollars, stopped working in less than a year, big and bulky
This printer is too big, the print job is very bad and it is loud.
Noisy, strong vibration&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
read on
Huge, loud, slow, poor drivers.
A bit too noisy, bad bundled software, Needs special cable-don't forget,need lots of desk space
Takes up a large area on desktop
Slow to warm up, large size, printing a color photo is slow.
Drying ink tanks, bad cleaning, bad paper feed, very bulky.
Takes ages to boot up. Large. Very large.
Packaged Software not &amp;quot;home&amp;quot; oriented, Auto cleans too often, Minor problems with some Compaq computers
not laser
Can be expensive if you don't buy a display model
Poor Color print quality, very noisy, poor customer support
instalation
none
can't think of any
Manual feed is a pain.
Doesn't handle all papers well and jams frequently.
Hard to find :)
leaks black ink!1
Takes a long time to warm up, color copies are slow, ink cartridges expensive
slow in color, color quality is incomparable to HP
Moves my entire cheap particle board computer desk :)
no luck with envelopes yet, ink cartrige capacity not big enough
Somewhat noisy
Large, paper feed problems
Uses a lot of ink
Ink cartridges are too expensive and not always what you pay for
Still works some of the time.
Reliability not that great, big and loud
Size, ink compatibility, speed
Forever to boot., Separate ink cartridges tend to absorb into one another over time.
USB kit separate for $60, only for Apple
no cons
Have to use special paper to achieve 1440 x 720 dpi
Best deal in it's price range
Needs adapter for USB, 
annoying Setup, Blotchy Black
Runs out of ink too soon.
Pricier than lower models
Photo ink not included/Check setup before printing
A little noisy
printer is kind of bulky
Poor paper hanlding
Cartridge replacement can be tricky.
Noisy, poor color output, annoying installation
Manufacturers Lose $$$$$$
Manufacturers Lose $$$$$$$
looks, size and noise
Resolution is higher on the BJC-8200
size - a little larger than most
tech support is awful
Can't print 11x17 like the Canon BJC 5000 and 5100, USB kit is optional and costs extra
impossible to install
none
Size (it's HUGE!), ink cart. prices, paper-feed problems
Noisy, Non-Removable power cable
Top feed printing, swap for picture ink
can only print the 1440x720 dpi on special paper
Some of the bundled software was useless to me.
none yet
A bit bulky
Paper loads in the back (not good in small spaces)
ink can be expensive if you do alot of color/photo printing
none
graphic printing
long wait for highest quality photo printing
Don't buy it if you own a Mac 
haven't found any yet!
NONE
It's a little big.
Large  printer.
software crash all the time, photos would only half print
none
Absolutely none
Paper Jam, high defective rate
don't have any
manual feed location, software
I have not found the cons yet.
None, really!!!!
Everything
color reproduction
noisy
Its HUGE! It has no problems with clogging up your desk space!
COLORs- short shell life
Bad paper feed mechanism, Expensive consumables
Big and slow.
Rebate ending soon!
warrantee
envelopes difficult to manage
Not economical on ink, far from true screen color.
Auto-Feeder from hell, Support from hell, Drivers from hell, Prints on the inside of itself, rebates from hell, price still not worth it
Not for large businesses
Paper feeding is poor over time
paper does not feed
big and slow starting  up
none
Ink evaporates and then clogs print head
Cost of ink cartridges
Ink-based Printing Smears, Requires Head Cleaning if Negelected
endless giberish spewing from its print-deck
Perhaps a bit noisy, compared to some inkjets.
large size
Haven't found one yet!
WASTES TOO MUCH INK, and the ink cartridges are too expensive!
I have not had any problems.
The worst investment ever!Where do I start? The infamous auto-feeder problem. 
finding space for it; found out the hard way I was out of ink
Slower than others, ink flow problems, envelopes jam
If you feed all different kinds of paper like I do, it has trouble feeding.
Nothing I can think of
Takes up too much space, fast ink use
High print cost, not dependable
slow on graphics, trouble printing straight, &lt;b&gt;loud&lt;/b&gt;, doesn't always turn it off when you want it to
Prints slow
Very poor support
Costly Ink, very slow
Ink Tanks are a little expensive, considering they don't include the printhead (as do HPs)
EXPENSIVE PHOTO CARTRIDGE, large
Price of ink replacement cartridges.
runs out of ink fast, takes a long time to warm up
many problems, print quality not great
The speed could be a little better
The speed could be a little better
Ink runs out too quickly, won't print from handheld devices
Expensive, ink cartridges are small, paper holder has low capacity
Color Print Quality, Tiny Ink Cartridges
ink use is not always so economic
scanning feature doesn't work well
ink does not last long
Infra-red technology sometimes does not work the first try
none
Not the smallest of the portables by far, but still a good one, need to change ink cartridges more often
Better than average use can make this quite costly!
As packaged by Canon, contains only Windows software drivers.
medium quality printing and low quality scanning, somewhat slow
cartridge size, time of use
NOt an all purpose but who cares?
None so far
none
Print quality on plain paper, operating costs.
Text and black artwork not as dark as a laser printer
- none
None
Certain color reproduction
Speed
Text Print Speed
Running costs.
Slow printing, expensive paper, manual&amp;#13;&amp;#10;comes on CD-ROM only.
Bit noisy. Beware: you only get photo quality prints on photo quality paper.
A little slow
Frequent paper jams, VERY SLOW, and the ink and cartridges are rather expensive to replace
SLOOOOW!
slow, slow, slow
$300
somewhat large especially with the BJC-50 on the market, Canon durability suspect, 
The ink cartridges are small and you must purchase the battery separately.
9 Minutes to Print a Page
Not very durable, slow, ink cartridges are too small
Price.
Too slow, short life of cartridges
Have not found one yet
Set up is horrible, try to take in more than 1 sheet at a time
Expensive Ink Tanks.  Complicated but powerful management software.
Noisy
none
None so far
Manual Lack OF
none
Unecessary programs added at installation, a bit noisy.
none
Paper mis-feeds paper occasionally
A little trouble feeding envelopes
Unreliable
Update:  It Died!
Somewhat noisy
Will not feed envelopes. Wont grab envelope and sprays ink all over inside of printer.
Sometimes feeds too much paper or jams, so don't leave it unattended.
need to have computer print directly to printer at first, then can select print spooler once it works
It is dead now.
Wide footprint, noisy, an ink hog!
Supplies can be expensive, drivers aren't 100% XP friendly - yet
sub par photo printing
Front Paper Tray
none
Sparse documentation of advanced features
print cost, quality, quietness.
A bit Large
None, sorry!
fine lines could be better
none
The machines are not built for long service.  Is it built in obsolescence?
Construction
No two sided attachment
have not found one yet
have not found one yet
Flimsy output tray, printheads 
none
canons telephone service it awful.
none!
useless paper trays
No printer sharing ability.  Usable on one computer only. Poor support.
None yet
Trouble with initial set-up, slow to warm up.
Ink runs out quick
Had to load the print driver three times before it worked properly.
Printer driver improperly prints from Adobe Acrobat viewer
Set up was no breeze and documentation is weak
none
Text looks kinda fuzzy.
Exit Paper Tray
Nothing!  (Except that paper-catcher thing)
Expensive
The paper catcher on the front is my only complaint.
top paper tray is not removable, no network capability
Only the cost, but worth every penny.
It's ugly
N/A
Large dimensions, need good paper for printing
so-so plain paper text, MUST have good photo paper, no cable included
must use Canon paper
no automatic double-sided printing
None worth mentioning
None, yet, except maybe that it isn't free
Rather sluggish on even simple black &amp; white print jobs.
noisy, very slow, high maintenance
Works bad on new Win2000 PC
Only compatible with Canon papers
so-so plain paper text, MUST have good photo paper, no cable included
Large footprint.  Needs lots of room.  Canon paper is expensive.
Prints don't last unless "under glass."
needs extra smart card almost immediately
Highly priced and slow. Built-in flash. 
Pricey (but worth it!), a bit large for my small hands
Incredibly expensive.
Mind-bendingly expensive, for the obsessed only.
A little bit too bulky.
known focusing problems in low light, low megapixels.
I wish the playback zoom was scrollable.
No lcd backlight, low light focusing tough, 16mb flash card as standard
Somewhat pricey, slow (but good) preview (histogram!), 1.6x effective focal length diminishes wide-angle lenses
Expensive
Intermittent electrical problems, poor image quality.
No live image preview; amateurish viewfinder coverage; could use more AF sensors; raw format images slow to acquire; lacking built-in higher values of sharpening option
Really should have the vertical grip for large hands but worth the double battery life and portrait controls at twice the price!
Expensive, Poor Eye-Relief viewfinder, No Spot Meter, No ISO 50 setting
Expensive
Built-in flash has limited capabilities. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;1.8 inch LCD display makes viewing images somewhat difficult.
NONE significant enough to keep me from buying it again.
don't know of any yet!
Smallish viewfinder. No spotmeter. Slow USB connection.
It doesn't fit in my pocket. Really, no cons that I can see.
oh, the camera strap can get twisted
Not the lightest camera I own
Irritating the Common Users
Rough Focus
Heavy.
Still very pricey for what is basically an "amateur" base camera.
Weight, 1.6x Lens multiplier, no tilt and swivel LCD
Very annoying focus assist light.
heavy - Battery drains quickly (if you use IS lens)
not full frame yet, dust, quite heavy
Could provide a bit more sharpness to images, but not really so bad.
Almost none
You'll lust for a lens costing more than the body.
1.6X Focal length multiplication 
RAW format not supported in automatic modes.  No spotmeter.
Big size compared to compact pocket cameras, expensive but still a value in its class.
flimsy paper tray
A bit too loud
Photo printing
USB cord not included, loud mechanism, poor web drivers. 
Loud, small ink tanks, all-in-one colour cartridge..
Not the best photo printer, flimsy design
Noisy, but not unbearably so
Eats ink quick (but unk is only $2 each), kinda loud.
Takes a bit to warm up, makes a lot of noise
None found: no glitches, bunching or misprints, and the software is intuitive and without errors.
Slow Photo Printing
Didn't buy it sooner
No USB or Parallel cord provided.
~none~
Long initialization time before printing of first page
Could be faster in high quality modes. Bangs around a bit in high speed.
Initializing of first print page really slow.
Black ink quality.
no USB or parallel cable included, fairly large footprint
Not the tiniest desktop footprint. Capable of jamming (albeit only when pushing your luck)., 
Buy your own cable
Slower than the S750 when printing text. Text output isn't as crisp.
Noisy photo feed! Limited Software for Mac OS9 and OSX!
Darker photos don't print out as well.
No USB/parallel cable
Too few to mention... :-).  None.
Text printing just so, so.  Software could use some tweaking.
Haven't found any
there are cons?!
You have to throw out your old photo processing equipment.
Extremely slow graphics printing;  Long startup delay;
only had mine for 4 days but no cons (it's excellent)
Black Ink Very Wet on Photo's, A Bit Slower Than I Thought
Text Quality was blurry Photos nowhere near the quality of the HP5550 
No memory card slots.
None that matter for real considering the overall value.
consume ink like big SUV's with gas
None noted.
I needed customer support
Inkjet - Cleaning
Text bleeds, colours don't print properly in Office 2000
No USB cable, Easy-PhotoPrint Software lacking in options
Does NOT easily work with Macs!
For this price it's more than you can ask for.  No complaints.
Driver has no margin adjustment. 
None!
Like any electronic something better will come out, but until then ...
Flimsy buttons, a bit slow on boot (very minor)
None at all
Banding on the bottom of 81/2X11 photos, B&amp;W photos have a greenish cast
Black text could be better, ink runs out kind of fast
Software could be more intuitive, More detailed hard copy manual
Cost? (not really)
Manual really sparse
No direct camera connection, Manual alignment
Without the right software and paper results are average at best.
none
The cost replacement for all six ink cartridges!
They should have included a USB cable
No USB cable included, software is a bit weak
none yet
Fairly large, canon paper is expensive
no usb cable included, need canon papers for best results
Color, NO Direct Connect
Slow printing on low resolution or text output, which I don't care about.
Software for prints could be a little easier to use.
If you need a picture/photo printer this is NOT what you are looking for.
It's an expensive door stop
Don't buy for it's scanning capabilities...
bulky, scans black and white only, scanner not flatbed.
often malfunctions, uses ink too fast, horrible customer service
Rather slow, The multipass server software is horrible!
Horrid, selfish software
lousy software &amp;amp; Customer Service
Ink smears,  small ink cartridges, takes up more desk space.
Doesn't work worth a damn
short standby life of ink-jet cartridge
lots of technical problems
Not much else does
no color scanning, low resolution
customer service is rude and unhelpful
Scanning, Faxing, Cartridges
You get what you pay for.
Slow printing speed, slows down computer, take up a lot of memory, poor quality, JUST DON'T BUY IT
reliability
I haven't found one yet
scanner is not flatbed and does not have color
Not networkable, some functions hard to figure out without manual.
Software drivers are a nightmare.
Many glitches, poor quality, limited options
incredibly limited functioning for macs, scanner only for paper
It rarely works, drinks ink like water
slow printing, so so print quality
Software bugs
Unreliable, slow printing
Ink Tank Capacity
Spooling glitch 
costly replacement cartrigde 
TOO SLOW..NOT GO AS SECOND INSTALLATION
None!
Slow printing, Tech support says its toll free but to talk to a real person cost money
annoying small problems
only good for low volume copying and printing, 24-bit color scanner again 36 to 42 bit color scanner in dedicated scanners, high cost of some ink cartridge consumables, you have to buy the BC-20 black ink cartridge yourself.
Functions don't work as well as if individual items (separate fax, etc)
Doesn't work, eats ink, Message on front misleading! 
Scan quality is terrible, so everything is terrible except simple printing, their software crashes
Occasional error message on screen.  Problems with machine reading that the cartridge has been replaced.
Slow, poor software, low paper and ink capacity
black ink runs out quickly but is very inexpensive
a little thirsty
None.
slow printing speed
Must have software running, no legal paper copies
Manual is sorely lacking of details
Bad customer service
drinks ink fast, many undocumented features
Uses too much ink
none of it very well
Setting up fax
Terrible Customer Service, Ink cartridges
Expensive
Scanning items
can only scan and photocopy pics and sheets of paper
No USB support whatsoever
ink cartridges are a little high and don't last very long
Cartridges do not last long, fax not awesome
Some of the consumables are faulty.
Slow, Limited Ink Reserve
Slow, mediocre quality, wastes ink, jams paper, slows down system, had problems with fax machine
Decent print quality
Slow printing, ink cartridges run out with no warning.
black ink cartridge dries out fast
Software, speed, reliabilty
Setup is non-intuitive using front panel.
It could be faster, resolution on scan images could be better.Big Unit
Print Quality, Driver Software (TERRIBLE), General Functionality, Poor Paper Handling.
Kind of noisy
Bad function quality
MULTI-PROBLEMS
The only manual you get is for the fax machine. 
slow printing
Nightmare, problem after problem,off alignment.etc
a pain
Not for Windows XP.  You can download software, but it seems shaky.
very slow printing, gets jammed quite frequently, etc.
It's not a laserjet.
Even Best Buy says -DUMP IT!
Horrible, bloated print driver for the PC.
device is repeatedly "unavailable" when you need it
Size, initial cost (street price $290-$350)
Price. You'll get it back in savings made on refilling the ink. :)
Software / driver problems
Complicated but clear to set up.  A possible ink guzzler.
Windows XP problems, takes a lot of desk space, no power-save mode
won't always print multiple copies
Ink could last longer.  Didn't work with my old Windows95 machine (133mghz).
Rather large unit
You MUST use Canon's software program for the machine to work.
The software's user-interface stinks. Expensive. Big!
A little noisy.
photo printing issues--colors not always good
Cannon software not that great. Needs ink indicator as part of program. 
The instruction book is insufficient for most of the machine's features.
a bit pricey, does not have a shut-down mode.
Can go through batteries quickly, should have a larger CompactFlash card
LCD not useable in bright light
No video mode
Poor battery life.
No AC adapter, cannot make movies, pictures taken indoors are poorer quality than outdoor ones
no a/c adapter, should come with a neck strap instead of wrist strap.
The way the single-photo-delete feature works, I've accidentally erased good pictures.
Viewfinder, occasional focus problems
red eye, battery consumption
Not to cheap
Uses batteries fast.  Doesn't come with AC adapter.
1.3 mp camera. Best with manual override for Low light. Software weak.
LCD screen can't be used in daylight.
No AC adapter, only left/right cursor, no video out.
Lots of incorrectly exposed and unsharp shots.
Batteries Drain Quickly When Using Display Mode
Controls not very intuitive. LCD is small.
Eats batteries (like most cameras), some sight problems.
Battery life (as with all digital cameras)
Cannot use CF II cards, LCD in bright sunlight, comes w/ only an 8MB card
Low battery life, sub par software
The usual: Better cameras are now available for around the same price.
Battery life
None found, yet
Wish zoom control on top; on/off switch part of mode dial (like Canon EOS)
No manual control, poor low light focusing, limited night time picture, limited macro
AA Alkalines don't last very long, very limited manual settings, no video capture, 8mb card
Dismal battery life, images too soft, poor CCD sensitivity, no RAW export
Battery hungry!
Plastic tripod connector, questionable battery life
Battery life, add-ons expensive, small compactflash memory included (8M)
Night indoor photos don't look good
No contrast setting, Auto white balance doesn't work well in artificial light &amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
It comes in a decent price.
Eats AA's like candy
Get ready to buy batteries in bulk.
Small 8MB CF card, newer A40 has more features at a similar price
This thing eats batteries alive. 
Some quirks to the low-battery indication.  
Lousy bundled software.
price, Battery Life is low. 
easy to brake, not childproof 
eats up batteries (as most digital cameras do)
8mb,zoom browser, support
occasional blurred shot, absolutely, awful PC interface software called ZoomBrowser EX
Comes with a 8Mb memory card only, comes with no AC adaptor, lousy software.
Might seem confusing to first time users. 
Features for price, Proprietry connectors.
A bit big and a bit heavy, power feedback is bad
Red eyes in flash pics
Eats up batteries, Has a problem with light control.
doesn't last, software included has problems of its own
Eats AA batteries.  Not cheap.
short battery life
A little big. Battery life. Macro function.
Looks Cheap, Not Overly Filled With Extras
Battery life
Out of the Box accessories are crap, throw away batteries, throw away card, no adapter
When traveling you will need memory accessories.
Eats 4 AA batteries for breakfast, lunch and dinner and still some!!!
Software package, alkaline battery life.
Battery life, flash is terrible
Battery life seems to suffer unless you remove the battery while not in use.
battery life suffers with regular alkaline batteries
Makes Duracell's look like a California Blackout!
Not so good in low-light situations.
Warning may cause marital strife.
Has a few problems in low light conditions on automatic. Small 8meg card
NO VIDEO-OUT!!!
Electronic-only menu that's difficult to learn, no optical zoom
THIS THING EATS BATTERIES LIKE MAD!, Poor Zoom quality &amp; shutter lag.
Batteries run out really quickly,
no analog zoom, no external flash connect options, battery life
Printer drivers are a joke.
Can never have enough megapixels
no optical zoom, mjpeg movies useless, batteries go fast unless you get NiMH
No TIFF/RAW, sometimes ackward behaviour.
Small screen, interface slightly confusing at first
Build quality poor.  No optical zoom.  Microphone on top of camera where your finger rests.
Would be nice to have a case, only 16MB flash card supplied
on the bulky side, digital zoom
Bulky, no optical zoom.
Battery Life.
Technical for the first-time camera user, really drains batteries
Flash reload time
none
Too many bells and whistles to scare the novice user.
Auto focus is slow, VERY short battery life with alkaline batteries, flimsy construction (feels "plastick-y")
none for the money. 
None are significant. Sticky camera mode dial. Focus could be better.
Zoom is not enough
LCD too small and hard to navigate.
You'll want to pick up a bigger memory card and rechargeable AA batteries
No rechargeable batteries/charger included, mediocre macro performance, average shutter lag/start-up/cycle times
Temperamental zoom control
Should come bundled with larger memory card and rechargeable batteries!
Slow timing within the shooter speed and the picture taking in the Automatic mode.
Limited accessory bundle
serial number erasble, auto focus problem, no 4 way controller, limited movie mode
Poor macro shots, a bit bulky
No indicator for focal length. Battery life indicator could be better.
Cons ?,Cons ?, Seriously,I have only minor gripes with small C/F card supplied.
Comes with a small memory card, flash is a bit weak.
slight delay in shutter, movie-mode limited to 10 seconds, sometimes frustrating focus
Only comes with a 8MB Compact flash card and no rechargable batteries or AC adapter.
A little bulky, software will not install on computer with out support
Long pause between pictures, not enough video time.
Certain options are required.
The color red comes out a little too bright. 
Menu system can be a bit confusing, only comes with 8 megs of flash.
Battery Life, Shutter Speed is temperamental and photo quality may suffer in low light conditions.
No AC power supply, 8MB CF (you will NEED more space) small LCD screen.
not great for indoor shooting, a starter camera in some ways
Flimsy rubber cover for I/O ports.
Takes a few seconds for the picture to be taken., 
Needs a Four-Directional Pad, No Rechargeable Batteries or Camera Case, Lacks Non-Lossy Image Compression
Lots of menus, somewhat complicated to navigate, Battery life, bulky.
Small CF Card Included, Imaging Software Included Lacks Power
Does not have a shoulder strap and carry bag.
Shutter Lag
None yet
Shutter lag can be a bit slow some times. 
None. For this price range you can't get anything better.
Just one, lag time between shots.
Relatively big.
Slightly cool pictures, difficult low light focus.
don't make this one mistake...
Price, icons on LCD screen are small, small 8mb flashcard, bought $200  accessories
Doesn't come with ac adaptor, battery recharger, and more memory which you need
only 8 MB media included, drains regular AA batteries quickly
No RAW/TIFF output, LCD could be a bit better
No battery charger, slightly smaller LCD, poor digital zoom(typical), and no case
Lag time in focusing is sometimes lengthy.
Grainy pictures and poor focus
Heavy, battery life.
slightly big for a digicam due to lens assl'y. Warm pics in Halogen/bulbs
heavier than most, shutter lag
time between shutter pressed and picture taken too long.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;1024x768 max&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Doesn't have a zoom lens
The connection to your mac or pc (twain)
Batteries
No rechargable battery
Limited zoom, special battery
poor images
poor images, poor user interface, poor software
simplistic functions, decently priced
None!
Nil
Battery, Data transfer
Juttada
Exposure
Not the highest resolution available
None significant
Two second wait before actual snapshot, Far away images not very good.
Kind of ugly looking
Battery Life, Battery Type
None that I have found
not as high photo quality as more expensive models
to much
I'll let you know....
Expensive...Printer???
not great picture, not great price
not as clear as other cameras 
only useful as a snapshot camera, expensive for someone who prefers physical to digital photographs
batteries are expensive; user-interface could be better
none
High cost, battery consumption
Power consumption; should be sold with the 'optional' power kit included.
Cost of getting a rechargeable battery
Poor colors on low resolution, easy to dent (ouch!), arcane battery type
No USB support
cannot be used as web cam
a little expensive
none
Not a battery meter. Red eye reduction does not work well.
?
Battery Life, Lack of Manual Controls, Cost of rechargable battery
indoor photos require more thought, flash is weak, CF cartridge door is flimsy
No USB, uses 2CR5 batteries
Software that came from Canon
Serial interface, strange battery
unobtainable accessories, length of time to take picture
no power supply, expensive batteries, poor design
Need a steady hand in low-light conditions
Poor Indoor Shots, Battery Life
Power-hungry if zoom and LCD are used.
batteries are expensive
Have to buy the battery recharger
If you don't have battery recharger, you're not going to be happy
This is a first class camera that should meet most needs
Battery Charger Costs $$$
yes
new technology, so soon outdated
kinda weak flash
eats alkaline batteries, need to purchase the power pack and extra battery; better outdoors than indoors
short battery life, small size makes it hard for large hands to use.
not USB, needs some extras
None so far, really !
Zoom control, price
The only con is that it doesn't come with battery charger
Flash doesn't throttle down well for macros, slightly softer images (not big deal).
Really nothing to complain about.
There is somewhat of a learning curve with the advanced controls.
Sucks batteries dry like there's no tomorrow. I recommend rechargeables.
red eye issues, minor image softness, rechargeable batteries and charger not included
The zoom ring is not well-fit - has a certain play. Some red-eye problems.
-bad red eye removal, -buttons too hard to press
Shutter lag, flimsy output cover, plasticy body, poor daylight LCD performance. 
battery life is short
product quality, customer service
flash inconsistent, takes dark pictures
Poor low-light quality, awful flash, stopped working after a month
Terrible customer service.
Size. Weight. Shooting speed.
flimsy zoom-button
Small (16MB) memory card, batteries are not rechargeable.  Bigger than some others I have tried.
size?, not as solid feeling as S and G lines.
Reliability. Failed to work with E18 error code on second day out of the box.
Be careful with the mode selector. LCD is sharp, but small.
Heavy on right side because of the batteries, have to look for off/on button
Images a bit blurry, no rechargeable batteries
manual too small, flimsy USB cover, fragile telephoto switch, 
New camera is at repairshop. Technical support hard to find.  Icons difficult.
Problem with bent CF pins.   Icons too small to read.  Software very limited.
Rechargable batteries must be bought separately
Double AA batteries.
lens quality could be better, shutter lag is annoying vs 35mm SLR cameras
The full feature and option list is a long list to learn!
none worth mentioning
Above 4.8x zoom don't expect clarity. 
Battery usage; included software could be improved; included 16MB is stingy.
Software package is weak - uses regular AA Batteries
None to Mention
16mb smartcard is undersized; more plastic than metal; zoom is only 3x
Some limitations (like any camera), onscreen menus can be confusing
Expensive accessories
Flash sometimes washes out the subject, shutter lag can be significant, zoom could be better.
Service leaves much to be desired.
Batteries drain fast, plan ahead
shutter lag.
A little sensitive to shaking when taking detail sensitive photos.  Tripod would be recommended.
Reflective LCD frame, delicate port/battery covers.
- packaged batteries, - packaged Flash Card (16mb)
A bit heavy with the 4 AA batteries loaded.
Some chromatic aberration (purple fringing)
Plastic body, no brightness control for LCD
Manual is skimpy, USB cover is flimsy, 16 MB card is too small
The flash card supplied is virtually useless.
Time to auto-focus, 2 independant software packages for some reason
too big for jeans, cheap doors, red eye indoors
16 MB card
No lens cover, Plastic case, LCD isnt inset
Charger
Boxy design, Not 100% consistent photos
Poor optical viewfinder, price, Step rather than smooth zoom.
A little heavy. No 1600x1200 size setting.
A bit tough to hold on to
Slow startup time, glitchy shutter release.
focus problems, viewfinder a bit small, memory
expensive
Seems to be a little on the heavy side, flash 'shadowing'. 
red "screen" cast, sometimes overexposes
16MB CompactFlash Card is too small!
Unreliable.  This camera has broken twice in less than two years.
Focus can be tricky, some preview modes are less than optimal, not 35mm yet
Chintzy Optical Viewfinder, Build Quality, Poor Ergonomics
Optical viewfinder, magenta cast in Auto mode.
Lens cap,Slow Startup
Heavy, bulky, purple fringing, not consumer friendly
A little weak in fully auto mode, RAW mode difficult to use
Unreliable, Poor quality control, ridiculous view finder, weak flash
Focusing problems in certain situations
Price. Canon should have included Microdrive
Limited lens range (without adaptors)
Holding was awkward at first, not anymore
NONE
Only f8 is available at 1/1000 sec
Clunky, retro design, flimsy port cover
That little rubber flap covering the left side
Quite heavy, slow startup time.
Software not first rate, optical viewfinder not great
price
Still high in price for the average buyer, like me.  
Movie mode just ok
No filter thread, focusing problems, adapters cover focus light
CompactFlash compartment; very hard to get the memory back out.
price.
have not found any yet
Rubber Flap, rotary dial function selector, indoor pictures
metal casing easily scratched, can't lock the mode sellector.
price (will soon be obsolete), optical viewfinder, durability and quality
This camera is very expensive and was a little hard to understand everything about it.
ergonomics
Hard to comfortably.  View finder is so so.  Hate the rubber flap thing
low powered flash, snap door, durability, reliability
way overpriced
Zoom button is a little awkward
Still a bit out-of-reach for the majority of the middle-low income, a few design problems.
None
none
Hate that shutter lag!
Bulky
Optical viewfinder not so good, price
Lenses Sold Seperately.  Like Most cameras, no light makes grainy pics.
the start up lag is a little excessive
"Auto" mode is useless, not for the point/shoot crowd.
No filter thread, focusing inaccurate, slow startup, optical viewfinder
none
Optical viewfinder, Included CF card too small to be practical, Canon's ZoomBrowser software
Has a few flaws (see review)
Manual focus is slightly awkward; chromatic aberrations in bright sunlight
Auto metering not that great.  You need to know a bit about photography to use.
It's a little too big and heavy to carry in your pocket.
A little bulky and heavy for the casual user. No proper hand grip.
Slow zoom, Autofocus not as quick as some other digitals
Price
Sometimes slow focus, battery charges in camera, external charger not included.
Expensive
Large size
Slow Start-Up, zoom, and Autofocus times, battery charges in camera, off-set tripod mount&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Not for the inexperienced
None
price, slower focus
Slow everything, flimsy feeling, requires experience and expensive: external charger not included, 
Slow zoom response, somewhat long start up time, complex controls
Price
unreliable, expensive
Poor hand grip. Restrictive pricing.
Pricey. The autofocus can take a while to focus.
&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;A bit on the heavy side; not great macro settings; poor lens cap design.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;
Not as good macro capability (without add-on lenses) as Nikon coolpix 995.
Nothing that matters! Audio quality not great, but that's likely true for most digicams.
RAW format is nice perk but takes a long time to process
Weight, hand grip could be rubberized
Heavy, over-kill software, Poor focus characteristics, bad macro ability. incorrect color matching.
Refer review body.
Rear case material, lens cover, raw image converter software
No interchangable lenses
UK Price barrier maybe - but worth it!
Plastic body can break if dropped.  
none I can think of
slow, and expensive. 
Some advanced features available only in AE mode, some minor flaws and annoyances.
yt
No 'through the viewfinder" information. Cutting edge technology = painful pricing. Limited enlargements 
Only for those who take pride and joy on superb photograpy.
Same problems as all non-pro digital cameras: shutter lag and startup time
proprietary battery, learning curve, doesn't handle low light situations well.
Price. Should I have waited for the newer G3?
One fat baby, Shutter lag is long
Handling can be awkward...offset tripod mount. 
none
Price, Grip, and Overall size and weight
Minor focusing niggles (doesn't greatly affect use of the camera); a bit slow perhaps.
Expensive, large, heavy, to long to boot-up, manual lens cap, doesn't take snap shots
wish the zoom was better and bettery life could be better
Price... back when I bought it.
nothing
not all the features of a SLR camera
Pricey for the resolution, A little bulky, Transfer speed not fast enough
A bit heavy, included CF card uselessly small.
slow acting shutter button
poor ISO400, control response not so fast
Clunky and large but well worth it.
Total failure just out of warranty.
Diopter could use a wider range of adjustment.
Cheap plastic (rear &amp; cf door), odd tripod mount
Price
A bit heavy.  For the price I wish it included a carrying case.
none
A little expensive but far less than Nikon professional digitals with same quality.
Slow start up, partially plastic housing
Expensive and LOTS of redeye when using flash
Expensive,not easy for more people to enjoy. Small,and easy to take with. 
digital zoom has MUCH to improve on. This is a heavy camera.
Slow shutter trigger makes action shots difficult
Pricey
Optical view finder is not that great, not fast enough for sports pictures.
Nothing I did not expect before buying.  Nothing worth complaining about.
Price, Weak Flash.
auto-focusing is "soft", weak flash, lens visible in viewfinder
Autofocus difficult in low light &amp; at anything except full wide-angle.
bad View finder, limited zoom, slow auto focus
View finder obstruction... slow focus
Ships with small CF card of 32mb.
&lt;b&gt;Terminal cover flimsy and hard to use. Zoombrowser software needs improvements.&lt;/b&gt;
Blurry and out of focus on shots taken indoors
Optical viewfinder is not worth using
overexposed pics
Auto focus is poor in low light and fast moving situations
a little expensive
a bit pricey, bad viewfinder, weak flash
Neck strap (hey - gotta say something bad, don't you?)
None
Horrible, horrible autofocus. Majority of images are blurry.
Really bad focus-lock time, even in bright light
Shutter lag is noticeable. No way to put protective filter on without attachment
All models have lemons. I got one!
AF misses sometimes at 4x in macro regime
Grip a little awkward for large hands.
The manual lacks beginners.  The lens cap could be better
As a 25 year 35mm user, I've found none.  Absolutely delighted with the G3.
a little bulky
horrible color issues left my pictures looking unrealistic &amp; cartoon-like
None worthy of note
Some constructional flaws
With 420EX flash the camera feels badly balanced
Lens barrel visible through optical viewfinder.
Proprietary Battery, Poor RAW Software, Bulky, Lens Cap
autofocus in low lite situations, red eye reduction not optimal,better picture organizing software needed
Autofocus Time, Lens Cap
None
a little expensive
Kind of boring
Slow to download
but cheap product!
autofocus cycling is a bit slow
none
autofocus takes too long 
lacks manual controls,  less popular, bulky if used without a flash
Only 2.5 Zoom
Distance shots, large and bulky.
A bit heavy.  Small 8m flash card included. It could have been a 16m!
some chromatic aberration, focus has trouble in low light, no optical viewfinder 
Viewfinder functionality not so best in dark environments.
- limited functionality with EX series speedlights&amp;#13;&amp;#10;- poor low light focus
A little pricey. Not a true 3 megapixel camera.
Canon software doesn't retain shooting info when converting RAW files
No Newer       with 5 Meg Pixels, Out of Production
Horrible contruction, Horrible battery life
Electric Viewfinder, Battery, Ergonomics, Resolution, Cost  &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
No Macro Function
Cannot accept alkaline batteries, small included memory card.
The power zoom and digital viewfinder take some practice; proprietary battery
easy to lose
Battery casing is fragile.
Slow shutter, body/screen easy to scratch, zoom is weak, charger&amp;battery no included
standard 8mb not enough memory
eats up battery quickly
sells for $300+
Bad video quality
2X OPTICAL, BATTERY LIFE
Propietary batteries, poor battery life.
I would like more idea on print size.. but no cons on camera itself.
no accessories, short battery life
There is really no cons to this camera it is a GREAT CAMERA!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Long shot delay, slow shutter ineffective
underpowered flash
Low battery life - you need the rechargeable battery
none
Battery life is too short. The "macro" feature is weaker than I hoped. 
A bit too small, no easy preview option,
Shutter delay, battery life
So many features you cannot afford to lose the instructions; battery life
Eats batteries up
No Movie-Mode or Sound.
no additional lenses, expensive batteries, not enough zoom
Optical Zoom range a bit limited.
Battery Life, Doesn't like concert lighting
None really.
Short Life Battery, Slightly Heavy, 
Uses a lot of power
Small LCD, underpowered, NIMH extra
Separate rechargeable battery, Current microdrive issues
must be careful and become familiar with the camera for best use
Soul Stealing side effect not listed in warnings
Battery Life, 8MB Compact Flash, 
none
Little Pricey, Storage
2x zoom, proprietary battery is expensive, lack of manual control, weak flash
non-standard battery, on/off switch can go on by accident
slow-compared to 35mm, feature learning curve
Short battery life, max. 2x optical zoom, no provision for external flash
Canon's lack of going the distance.
multi-step process to delete images, battery is not rechargeable, only 8Mb memory included
2x zoom, uses expensive 2CR5 lithium batteries
Battery life is awful, use lcd moderately
Rechargable battery extra, small flash
Price
eats batteries when using flash
Included software is buggy
Battery drains fast if you keep the LCD screen on all the time
battery consumption
rechargeable batteries sold separately
So So Battery Life, Where's the Rechargeable Battery?
Battery life
none if you are not a professional photographer
Battery life, virtually have to buy the rechargables
Battery life demands a 2nd battery
None
can't keep the shutter open for more than 2 seconds, so if you're getting it for night shots, a different one may be more suitable
flash, halfway point on shutter button, doesn't take picture right away, have to take battery out, included adobe photodeluxe crashed my computer
Delayed Setup; Need To Buy Accessories
Eats up batteries like a crazed iranian terrorist
Software,power,zoom
...
some phase contrast problems
bad consumption of power, get the power supply kit
unless you are an idiot like me
needs battery charger
SEE ABOVE
Battery hog
Definitely requires the manual for some features; rechargeable batteries recommended.
Weak flash, DK110 battery kit is a $75 must!
rechargeable battery and charger is not included, an additional $80 online
High speed shots blurry, short battery life
Doesn't come w/rechargeable battery/AC power, 8Mb memory card isn't sufficient.
could have more mega pixles
Recharger and rechargable battery not included
battery is fast empty
Bigger than the S100 Powershot Elph
Battery consumption is bad
Very limited zoom, unflattering skin tones with flash, proprietary battery ni
umption
Consumed my batteries in no time
Slow press-to-shoot time, rechargeable battery pack is optional
BATTERY..... need I say more?
May not produce the best quality images in low light.
Expensive 2CR5 Lithium batteries...no PC connector for an external flash...oh well, its unnecessary
Yet another bit of propaganda for the Cult of Canon
doesn't come with AC adapter
hog battiers
poor battery life, color unsaturated, not weatherproof at all
Low battery life!
short battery life
goes though batteries
little pieces
N/A
wimpy flash; slow, dark lens
Have troubles capturing moving objects. Does not include case and AC adapter.
Only an 8mb flash card. A little pricey.
Battery life
The CompactFlash card is too small!
small card to being with (8mb); thats it!!!
Performance in Cold Weather, Menu, Storage
None so far
Unit-specific battery.
Pricey, the zoom is weaker than Gandhi
Awkward menus, 8Mb memory a shame, no leather carrying case, bad memory indicator
Poor quality - replaced by a new model every 6 months
slow, limited zoom, software
Poor flash, lack of manual options.
Battery = Abnormal (special order); Must recharge often. Slower operation in cold weather. 
Original Memory Card to small
lithium ion battery can be expensive...
lack of manual white balance &amp;amp; shutter speed selection, battery and CF door quality
expensive
Expensive.
no camera case!
A little expensive
Tiny multi-function keys for editing.
A bit pricey, no serial ports, short battery life.
Needs to be upgraded right out of the box
8 meg memory card, no video/audio recording
CF shipped is small (8Mb)
Relatively short battery life
flash limits after about 8 feet image tails off
Short battery life. USB problems with NT, Storage Space&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Flash card too small, Size, Support
Buying accessories ...
Digital zoom stinks (it's optical zoom is fine though).
Battery seems to run out pretty quickly.
None
Somewhat slow to turn on, a few interface issues, battery life per charge isn't great.
Battery life a little short, size of memory card, Telephoto ability
none
2x Optical Zoom, Battery Life
it died after 8 months of use.
autonomy; no manual mode; lacks advanced features; measly 8MB card; uses compactflash; no movie mode
only accepts CF1 cards, some plastic parts, should come with case
Small, CF card too small, Some Plastic Parts, LCD washes out in bright light.
Battery &amp; software management are not as good newer models
Durability, Battery Life
LCD is a little small.
not as good as the PowerShot S10
no movie mode, relatively slow 
Could get better battery life, but it's still sufficient, and you can buy spare batteries.
Type-1 flash-card, only 8MB card included, pricey
battery is non-standard, LCD could be better outdoors, pricey
Slow operation of shutter trip
Battery life
small card, not easy to take candids at night
nearly drove me crazy in the beginning! Read the review.
battery life, pricey at &amp;gt; $500
None
Not for very serious photography.
Underfeatured, non-standard batteries
battery
longer telephoto would be nice
soft focusing, LCD needed for everything
Weak flash, may be difficult to use for large hands
Not so perfect LCD
doesn't ship with case
Battery needs to be replaced quickly
2x zoom, expensive, a bit slow
no diopter (wear your glasses), 2x zoom, fully automatic
Nothing, except people annoying you asking &amp;quot;What is that&amp;quot;
Photos could have warmer colors.  Flash could also be better.
Software sucks
Hidden costs
8mb card is way to small, price is high, 
Battery doesn't last long, memory is tight
Not the best value
Some useless features, expensive extras
Need for extra accessories
Had to upgrade after I bought it.  No protective case provided.
a bit heavy
Really short battery life&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
May not be for those who are serious about their photography...
A Little Slow But You Get Use To It.
size of screen for the farsighted
Flash a little weak, Need a decent size memory card
16MB card, Battery life
Limited battery life
you must learn how to use it
Weak flash, limited zoom
None significant
Does not support Windows 95 USB, needs bigger CF card out of the box
Zoom could be better
Very small, for small hands
Incorrect ViewFinder, Small Zoom, No Close-ups, Cost
immediately requires cf card upgrade, limited zoom
&lt;b&gt;TINY LCD, EXPENSIVE COMPARED TO OTHER 2 MEGAPIXEL CAMERAS&lt;/b&gt;
The cons don't count for much in comparison to its charms.
Only 2 images sizes 1600X1200 and 640X480.&amp;#9;&amp;#9;&amp;#9;
Buy a bigger flashcard, and battery life could be better.
wimpy zoom
Bundle is a bit weak.
Short battery life, pictures could be a little sharper
lacks advanced feature, only 2.1 megapixels, only 2x optical zoom
Really bad software, bad support, small storage, bad in low light, few features.
No manual mode, eats batteries and have to remove to charge, poor resolution LCD 
Very pricey, short battery life.
Additional memory cards can be expensive.
Cons
So is many others. May not be your 'decisive moment' camera.
Weak Flash, Decent Battery Life, Only 2 Resolution Settings
Small memory card, marginal battery life
Only a 2X optical zoom
Very few cons, except the skimpy 8MB card that come with it
Canon is too cheap to include case or a larger compactflash card&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
expensive battery&amp;#13;&amp;#10;lens does not rotate (like Nikon950, RicohRDC4300)
Somewhat limited battery life, but recharges quickly &amp; spares are available.
no way
Camera case not included, ok battery life, heavyish, not good for poor lighting.
standard 8mb memory
Battery life not nearly long enough.
Learning curve
Lag from when you press the button.
S100 only has an ISO setting of 100, and digital zoom is not seamless.
Included Memory card is small, cheap plastic doors (battery and CF)
like most cameras, it comes with a small Memory card.  battery
Battery life, Zoom could be better, Switch on Back falls off
2X Zoom could be better, skimpy 8MB  included compact flash card
Only 2x zoom. Only 8MB card included.
Movie length, CF door feels flimsy
Battery life, included memory, does not use standard batteries, larger zOOM?
none
Price, Proprietary Battery.
None really.
Fingerprint city, no case, measly included CF card capacity
Price and memory card - 8mb
Hmmm, any? 
For the size and price?  None.
Manual controls require too many button presses, shutter lag
no AC adapter, 8 MB (only) card
slightly short battery life, digital zoom, not a video camera
Flash, resolution not cutting edge, included memory is insufficient.
expensive for a 2 megapixel camera, no carrying case included, small compactflash included
Stingy compact flash, lack of ac adapter
Battery life is short and the 8MB CF card is practically useless
Short  battery life, practically useless memory card, AC adapter not included.
Needs stronger optical zoom. The included 8mb compact flash card is way too insufficient.
Software supplied does not seem very good
Battery life could be longer, delayed shooting.
Not enough zoom
Poor battery life and above average shutter lag  
broke after one week, and replacement camera was also defective.
Audio noise in movie mode, 2x zoom, 20-second movies, 2.1 MPixel
flash weak for big areas
Small buffer for movie file - your movie's over when it's full; tripod helps.
proprietary batteries.
Only 2.1 mega pixels and 2x optical zoom.  Not the best, but acceptable
short battery life, unadjustable shutter speed
expensive accessories, prolonged flash when snapping pictures
battery, menus, boxy shape/awkward
Buy an extra battery and keep it charged.
Limited zoom, flash photo quality
crappy avi recording.
Heard of a 15 minute man ... no you heard of a 15 minute camera.
Red eye!
Short battery life, limited zoom, no sound on camera for movie playback.
WARNING DO NOT BUY- broke down 1 month after warranty expired.
Zoom is disappointing
battery/CF covers easily breakable, short battery life, shutter lag
Bit pricey, only 2x optical zoom, only 2 mega pixal
Limited manual controls, no TIFF format, weak flash, expensive
Slow exposure makes it difficult to capture nighttime pictures
Expensive. Image quality not completely perfect.
8 MB included CF Card is too small
No cover on LCD. Slow shooting. Small battery life. No enclosed cover.
Initial Memory Card Size (16mb), Proprietary Battery Pack
Have to buy extra memory to take a lot of pictures
Weak flash, provided memory card (8 MB) is insufficient.
Menus not always intuitive, memory card provided is too small
Battery does not last as long as it should.
battery life is average, short if you have the optional view screen on.
lag time
 Short focal length lens Flash on the weak side  
Display won't turn off in "IMAGE" mode.
low performance, for rookie only
Could be more compact. Doesn't work great in very dark situations.
Battery hog. Recharge unit/battery is expensive too...
Inoperable in Cold Weather
People always come out grey-looking and washed out
Can't find rechargable batteries now; not truly manual adjustment
high cost
...of pale, washed out looking people. (Canon says no fix forthcoming)
Weak Flash, 2x zoom.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Picture quality below nikon 950&amp;#13;&amp;#10;expensive and weak rechargeable battery
Doesn't come with a rechargeable battery pack ($100 extra)
Only 2x zoom, Battery hog (Rechargable Battery optional)
nothing
Could use more features
Could use more zoom, outdoor pics sometimes unnatural
price, but its not that bad
manuals
Can't think of one
Low optical zoom (2x)
No case, have to buy battery separately
Innocent bystanders can have their souls stolen!
- none
Pricey
Horrible customer service... delivery problems
doesn't come with enough accessories!!!!!!
- none
like all digital cameras, dynamic range of contrast is poor compared to film
None
Need more zoom and IBM 340 Mb Microdrive
Mediocre low light/high speed performance
Can be costly to get the most out of it
Need a lot of light
No rechargeable battery came with it
Short battery life, Weak Flash, and Urrrrr..... Needs more megapixels?
Still comes with only a 8MB CF card
wimpy 8MB compact flash card
8MB Flash Card (Included), Semi-Weak Flash, Short Battery Life, No Zoom with Movies
battery life, lack of memory
Soft photos, proprietary battery with mediocre life.
Canon specific A/C adapter NOT INCLUDED and the measly 8MB flash card.
Bad picture quality. (Very)Inadequate flash.
Software is bulky
Skimpy included CF card, "only" 2 MP, Limited AVI recording time
Poor low-light performance, 2X optical zoom, short battery life, tiny weak Flash&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
One handed use sometimes means you open the battery compartment, turning the camera off.  
Limited zoom, not too good at far shots, better at close ones.
Poor software and small flash card
only 2X Zoom, expensive power adapter, no simple USB driver
nothing
Videos are grainy, camera is still a bit thick, and battery could last longer.
FOCUS, FOCUS, FOCUS
No included case, movie mode very limited in terms of time.
People will want to borrow it from you.
Only 8 Mg included, no case included
weak battery, very strong memory card "eject" mechanism
Only 2 megapixels, miniscule zoom, some controls too small to be easily used
Only 2 megapixels
Battery life, only comes with 8MB compactflash card.
Indifferent image quality; very poor low light images.
Only 2X zoom
Not good in low light, doesn't come with a case, only 8 MB card.
only a beat too slow sometimes with the shutter to capture amazing blackmail shots
Bundled software poor
Manual modes difficult for me to learn, power button too close to shutter.
price and 2MP
to try to do it by the control panel
Weak flash, slow shooting
None?
Standard 8mb card, weak flash, short battery life, no case, small zoom, slow shutter speed
Bad Micro performance. Slow start up time.
maybe a bigger optical zoom...
auto focus weak, weak flash
Um.... well, Canon doesn't give them away for free.   
low light is blurry, flash is too much sometimes, not enough MP, 
proprietary battery and charger.
poor low light quality
Low battery life, skimpy size on included CF card
I really dont see anything wrong with this camera. 
red eye issues, the focus is sometimes weird
lag time between pressing the shutter and getting the picture taken, weak flash
Weak flash
Only 2 mega pixels and 2x zoom (optical)
small memory card
It takes awhile sometimes to take a photo.  
Doesn't come with a case, or a larger memory card.
computer software, battery life
Weak flash, limited zoom
Poor focus on close objects, poor long distance optical zoom.
No Case, Somewhat Pricy
No external attachments, lense not threaded, weird tripod mounting location, poor software.
2x Optical Zoom, Weak Flash, So-So Battery Life
Poor low-light performance, poor battery life, weak flash, poor software.  , 
Poor battery life when using display, only 2X optical zoom
Weak flash, poor battery life
Red-eye issues; more zoom would be nice.
Bad metering, Must be in manual  to force flash on, 3.2 Megapixels eat up memory.
At times awkward, due to size
Not that great for action shots.
2X Zoom
Weak flash, very slow response when using redeye reduction
get good at red eye touchup but this is the ONLY con
No battery status indicator, Shutter lag ( ALL average digital cameras have it )#!%$!
Limited optical zoom
The zoom is not as powerful as the rest of the camera's features.
Easily toggled video/camera switch, CompactFlash memory is slow
Small, smooth exterior makes it prone to dropping!
Battery life, slight loss of quality in low light, weak flash, tiny standard 16MB card
Takes a while to learn all the features well.
None for me
Red Eye with flash.  
A little heavy
Focusing problems using Flash - 2x zoom lens
sometimes shutter speed is slow
Special battery
user manual
Battery Life is so so, Size of supplied flash card.
no battery indicator.
slight purple fringing, iffy flash, 2X zoom
Doesn't come with a camera case.  You will need to buy a separate memory card.
poor optical zoom, when digital zoom low quality
battery life
2X optical zoom, No battery status indicator, Awkward tripod mount placement
No USB 2.0, 2X Zoom
Only a 2X optical zoom.
CF Card it shipped with... BOO
Complicated advanced controls.
Small battery, red-eye
Battery life seems to vary between good and merely adequate. 
None
proprietary battery, shutter lag
Mine didn't come with case, but that's the only complaint
Lens cover is plastic, Software is confusing
costly battery runs out fast. Especially in cold weather. 
Urmmmmm... I'll think about it... The flash.
Extremely easy to damage, Canon customer support is terrible
battery life, flimsy rubber port cover 
Battery life, slow startup cycle times, under-powered flash&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
need extra battery, memory.
fragile, stock memory card is not sufficient, short battery life
Not small enough, instructions are a bit complicated
Digital Zoom a little fuzzy, need to purchase a carry case.
Battery life
Battery Life, Slow start up, Red-eye reduction not perfect, Customer Service
??
no optical/digital zoom in movie shooting mode, hard-to-use controller, battery dies easily
Flash, No battery indicator, No Case.
packaged memory too small (16mb), short battery life, inconvenient charging process
'Slow' lens, camera cannot be mounted as a removeable drive on PC's
Expensive, some folks may find software confusing
Sell some memory with the camera, please.
Confusing software, short battery life.
Software, battery life
Custom battery, 16 MB CF card
A bit heavy, rocker control is hard to use
Slightly bulky, lens cover slide, battery life, odd controls
Flash is a bit weak.
TONS of features...can be a bit daunting at times
Mediocre flash, no flash shoe, no battery meter, proprietary batteries.
Buttons are very sensitive to moisture, spray, etc.
minor functionality, no battery meter
Quirky flash effect.
A bit heavy, front cover a bit "weak", no battery indicator
control is a bit awkward, battery life not very long
the flash
none
Little on the heavy side.  Larger than I would prefer.
RAW format a pain. Manual focus tricky. Software needs improvement. No remote shutter release.
Must learn all the options! Many! Get extra battery! 
useless small CF card included, access time slower with larger card
I'll let you know.
16MB Compact Flash Memory inadequate for this camera!
No cover for the LCD screen, ZOOM
It gets heated up when used for 20mins. Poor battery life &amp; night-scene mode
DUST INSIDE lens. Barrel distortion.
COULD NOT PRINT THE DATE AND TIME ON PHOTO WHEN DOWNLOADED ON THE PC. 
Battery compartment spring is a cheap design. Flash is just OK. Battery life is awful!
Poor picture quality, very poor manual, software very difficult
Doesn't do well on close-ups - often blurry, flash is very bright, no fill light
Nothing bad can be said about this camera
Viewfinder scratches easily, comes with only a 16mb Flash card
Does not come with a case.  16mb flash card allows for only 20 photos. 
Not quite small enough for your pocket, average battery life
Battery Life is short, no external flash
Not the most mega pixels on the market, CF cards expensive
Unflattering strobe pictures, color casts with indoor lighting due to poor auto white balance function
Fragile Sliding mechanism, Manual focus is a pain.
Pricey, comes only with 8MB flash, no case or AC adapter
No AC adapter is Supplied. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;price
AC Adapter not included, limited flash range, no external lenses or flashes
No Type II Compact Flash Support, Very limited indoor and low light usage
Under-powered flash
Under-powered flash
must be high-tech friendly
Autofocus isn't always on target, AVI's are good but do you really need them?
Sometimes fuzzy pictures.  Not the greatest flash
weak flash, weak macro &amp; price
Larger than the S110. Relatively high price.
Proprietary Battery; Inaccurate Viewfinder; 8MB Memory
inaccurate viewfinder, comes with only 8Mb CF card, using lcd really drains the battery, PRICE
CompactFlash incompatibility, poor download software, forgets settings, rocker switch hard to "select"
Slow shutter reaction in auto mode.  Movie mode useless in low light. Batteries suck (literally)
Dust goes into the eyepiece and dark assist light.
Hard to hold steady at 3 X zoom; red-eye reduction works poorly.
Need to treat delicately, somewhat long delay when snapping a picture
A bit heavy, short battery life
Expensive, no manual options, and poor macro capability.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Standard batteries are a little short on life.
2 megapixel resolution
Pricey for a 2 Megapixel camera, no manual controls 
Lack of manual functions, medium power flash, only 8 MB CF Card, price
Expensive, battery life
Special battery type, external charger, flash is weak
weak flash, weak macro &amp; price
Price, poor macro ability, no audio in video playback (on camera only)
Video clips are 6 seconds on highest setting, red eye not always effective
expensive, 2.1 megapixels
None
expensive, battery life slightly short, flash slightly weak, only 2.1 mega pixels
price, 8 MB CF card, no AC included adapter, weak flash, ISO 100 exposure only
a little high priced,battery doesn't last as long as the quoted
You pay for the size.
2.1 MegaPixel, Cost, lack of optional parts.
slow shutter speed, battery life
only comes with 8MB CF card, have to get a larger one
Bigger than S200, weak flash, short battery life, other minor quibbles.
Low resolution, heavy, availability of spare batteries.
Pricey, heavy, flimsy battery door, 8 mb CF card
Tripod socket not centered under lens, rubber cover on side seems like afterthought.
At farther distances using the zoom, the pictures were dark and the color not sharp
Needs protective sleeve! 
Battery life, delayed response while taking a snapshot, no accessories included
We wish the battery life was longer.
Only 2.0 Megapixels
Small Standard Memory
shutter lag, seems heavy despite small size
The battery doesnt last that long
There are smaller cameras now.  Flash slow to warm up
Still only a 2.1mp camera and comes with only 8mb card.
Lack of accessories such as no bag for the camera and small memory card.  
Weak flash, poor battery life
The picture does not always take properly when holding down the button.
low light focus, $$ battery,no AC, a bit $$$
Larger than newer digital cameras of comparable price and image quality
need more professional picture management
Lacks some features of G2
Autofocus tends to hunt a lot, slow startup time
Battery life, under-powered flash, no provision for add-on lenses or external flash&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Battery life, limited flash ability.
Flashlight is somewhat uncontrolled
Very little wrong with this little gem!
Lens cover durability, LCD scratch resistance.
Optical view-finder sot perfectly aligned with actual photo. Proprietary batteries.
none
battery life when using flash, supplied media card stores 7 images at max image quality
Some controls may be tricky for some people to use. Battery indicator is poor.
Optional Case is junk. Lens cover sometimes pops out of alignment.
a little heavy, not necessarily user-friendly, bad software
Short battery life, toggle button hard to use and unreliable
Underpowered flash, poor focusing, short battery life.
Exposed LCD Screen.
To small battery, weak flash,long time delay. Manual focus problem in Macro.
Battery life, lens door flimsy, multi-control, Auto setting
A Little Heavy, Price
Still a weak flash and somewhat poor/decent battery life.
Weak flash, mediocre battery life, no provision for add on lenses or filters 
Not really compatible for underwater use
LCD screen
No RAW mode
underexposed flash shots, AF assist lamp does not produce better results, small mode dial
battery life is not that great, night shots aren't an improvement 
Few manual controls, weak flash, battery life
point and shoot only
Multi-Segment AF not so great, but center focus is fine.
None
digital camera learning curve, not as straightforward as film
Price, flash, is just a point a shoot.
none...except that it's expensive, but it's worth the money
Low Video Resolution, No Manual Features, Weak Battery
Canon image service has a sneaky copyright agreement
Somewhat slow focus times, price
some manual functions, battery life
Mode dial keeps shifting when putting into carry bag
Flash
Bit expensive
Overpriced, poor flash, some flatness in pictures, uncomfortable at times to hold while shooting 
Slow autofocus (a little noisy too), a bit pricey, so-so battery life
very poor reliability, horrible customer service, unreliable autofocus, high price
Slightly ineffective macro mode.  Rather pricey.
No camera case included, pricey
None yet.
Videos are low resolution, battery life is okay, 32 MB card is inadequate
Preliminary setup was a little tough, but very few cons!
Poor battery life, no provision for add-on lenses or filters 
3x zoom lens, battery life, price
Clunky software. Price.  Battery goes quick.
Can't hold the camera sideways when shooting movies, No zoom in MPEG mode
Kinda pricey for some.
The price and software. 
Ergonomics
Expensive , expensive additional battery ,  small size Compact flash memory  card
rubber cover over usb port, lens cover seems poorly constructed, slow shutter release, 
Can only take proprietary battery pack, a bit on the chubby side
Poor battery life
Only minor ones.
battery and small initial CF card, only 3x zoom. 
No provision for add-on lenses or filters 
4-way Navigation Button &amp; Proprietary Battery
Some photos had red eye, doesn't come with carrying case
Underwater housing does not allow full control, not as sharp as most 4 MP cameras
It gave poor results in the dark
Only 3x Zoom lens, red-eye reduction issues, weak flash
No battery strength indicator, quirky menu controller, fussy macro function, delicate LCD surface.
4 way Nav. button is hard to use.  Batteries are expensive.
4 way navig. buttons hard to use, macro capability not what I expected
not really a pocketable camera. Macro capability,Red eye 
more noise than the s45 (the s50's 4MP stablemate)
Lacks flexibility of SLRs and extreme small size of some point-and-shoots
Weak battery life, no external flash
Expensive. 5MP is probably overkill for most users.
no provision for filters
Too heavy, manul features not worth the extra heft.
Slightly soft focus in corners. Image sensor not perfectly square with camera body.
a little noisy
Noisy.  No USB cable included.
ink runs out very quickly and printer is LOUD!!!!!!!!!!
Unnecessarily noisy at times.
no cable included, not meant for photo quality printing
When used for photos ink runs out rather quickly.  
No parallel port connection, slow "warm-up"
a bit flimsy (but who cares?)
Prints Photos slowly with low-quality, Extremely LONG "Warm-Up" period before printing. No Parallel.
Cartridges do not last long when printing photos
Slightly noisier than similar models, ink cartridges harder to find
Does not work. Very tipical of canon products. 
Yikes is it noisy!
Printer cable not included, cheap construction of paper rest and output tray, noisy
Noisy at times (but not as noisy as my neighbor's rap)....
Ink runs quickly. Noisy. Slow warm up.  Ink not water resistant.  USB-only,
Loud and Slow Start Up, Poor Ink Management!
Paper feed problems, flimsy paper tray,design limits printer placement on desk.
None for the price
none
None so far
Windows XP Installation. Long Distance Number For Tech Support.
ink tank alignments
None really.
None to speak of
None so far
Wet ink smears and spoils prints if you touch too soon.  Slows computer down.  Noisy.
Seems to perform a head clean on turning on and off: wastes ink.
none i have encountered
nothing i can think of
Not for Photo Quality, Not lightening fast
Poor photo printing. Jams with envelopes. Ink dries slowly. 
cleaning not very impressive
Problems loading driver for XP. No cables supplied. 
shakes violently and fails frequently
Came with defective print head.
Pulling to many pages at one time.  Not the best quality print.
Takes up a lot of space.
none
Paper Tray
Poorly built in some areas.
Flimsy paper trays.
None.
Dodgy batch of print heads.
Can't think of any!
It's pretty big - takes up quite a bit of space on my desk.
paper jam that could not be corrected by online support
noisy, slow, and a maintenance headache
2 Printhead repairs in 1year - Nozzle Cleaning drained all cartridges in 5min
paper feed in drawer would be great, network communication not perfect
Poor text quality... and only marginal color photo printing.
High initial cost, stupid out tray
Didn't come with any connection cables...
Factory presets in drivers need to be tweaked slightly.
Cheap trays. Text quality could be better on plain paper. Noisy loading paper.
Holds only small quantity of paper in feeder
NONE
Oversleeps...Full 45 seconds to print after first print command.
Large size.
Ink remnants on some print jobs.
No usb cable included.
Can't print multiple pages on a single page
Cannot accept digital camera memory cards, printhead has to be replaced regularly
Slightly fuzzy plain-paper output, no USB cable, slow to start up
No USB.
A bit noisy
Startup Speed
Flimsy paper tray arrangement
does not come with usb/parallel cable!!!
Cheap looking paper trays
More of an all-around printer than a dedicated photo printer
less than crisp images
Only looks good on Canon paper.  Expensive
Text output not exceptional or fast, Mac driver lacks saved settings and ink tank utility
4x6 photos only print well on canon paper which is pricey.
none yet
None as of this time
None
if i need to pick something - size
Still pricey, wrong printer picture shown by epinions at time of writing
Must use certain types of Photo Paper&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Black Text bleeds on regular paper
initial price, text print slow, poor text print on plain paper
Fuzzy text on plain paper, Large, tough to find Canon Photo Paper Pro, Pricey
Text printing slow, but useable.
Tell Me When You Find Some
Poor Output on 3rd party Photo Paper, Slightly fuzzy print on plain paper
Text looks ragged.  MacOS X support a little underdeveloped
None yet, other than that it isn't a good text printer.
none yet
Text quality when using regular paper. Availability of Canon paper
none so far
Major malfunctions
text output is not as sharp as some other printers
No USB cable included for the price., Died after 9 prints! 
A little noisy, Medium price, 
none
Ink and the Canon Photo Paper Pro is very expensive
With the paper holder and output tray, the footprint is large
Printer Driver lacks options for Matte Paper and Print Preview
The price!
Few aftermarket inks
Poorly stocked supplies, USB only, banding and visible dots on very close inspection.
No matte paper from Canon. Had a little trouble feeding wedding envelopes.
Large, a bit expensive
text resolution
canon paper is expensive
Price
expensive ink and paper
NONE
Price, Size
Needs TLC and a great deal of prayer to work at all. 
truly the only con, Don't apply the canon photo to it 
Takes up a lot of space on my desk.
Large footprint. Be ready to give up some shelf or counter space. 
No PC network support, poor policies, USB only, expensive and poorly stocked supplies
That paper is hard to find and doesn't come in 11 X 14.
none so far
Paper loader needs some work.
Only Canon brand paper makes decent prints; pretty loud.
No lens protection, not true 2.1 Megapixels, no optical zoom
Pricey, no lens cover, Fuzzy Zoom pictures, do I need an MP3-player on my camera?
When I got home, it didn't work.
tiny joystick hard to manipulate. no lens cover. no optical zoom. price.
Batteries are not standard, recharging only through the cradle
THERE ARE NONE!
none
Pricey. No optical zoom. Need docking station to upload or charge battery. 
No macro mode, no optical zoom, touchy joystick control, 
None
No macro mode
Should be packaged with case or at least a lens cap.  No Macro.
tiny joystick, no optical zoom, accessories delayed.
Awkward power button placement.  No zoom.
Terrible zoom, fixed focal length
slow fixed focus lens (=average image quality), no optical zoom, no tripod mount
Small port plug cover easy to lose, doesn't come with a case.  Price.
NOTHING!
Flash not powerfull for background,tiny control joystick,no zoom(digital really doesnt count, no case/lenscover
Horrible picture quality. Weak flash
Blurry outdoor images
bad zoom, no case
Poor outdoor light handling, slow shutter speed, no macro feature and no case.
rechargeable battery, blurry when max out zoom
price, battery life(as is with all cameras,try to use the screen as little as possible.)
none to speak of
zooms into only one part of the picture
Zooms crap, but then if you wanted a zoom you'd have bought the EX-Z3.
No Optical Zoom, Cradle required to sync.
only rechargable at USB base, need to buy peripherals for better overall experience
Battery life and charging capabilities are a problem
Picture quality is aweful
SD cards are expensive
No optical zoom, no macro, poor battery life, camera's flash broke after a month, glitchy.
Easy to lose because of its small size!
No legitimate complaints - one warning. See full review for details.
Bad digital Zoom
No optical zoom, optical viewfinder only shows 80% of what you're shooting
It breaks down, flash does not work, no proper zoom, battery dies quick.
Auto color balance isn't perfect, need to use the dock for all connections
Need steady hands,, Tiny controls
None that I'm aware of! This camera's great!
Yellowish Screen, Picture Noise, Bad Zoom Increments
Difficult to focus distance shots, controls can "trap" one into unwanted options
- Needs steady hands 
Must have steady hand
No travel charger - just docking station, bad memory management
bland color, digital zoom degrades images
Hmmm...having difficulty with a "con."
"Blue wash" when taking pictures in bright sunlight, serial connection
eats up batteries like they're going out of style, not much space
Missing so many features
only works in bright light
low picture quality, no flash, fixed lens
No removable media, No flash, Low resolutions
High Battery Drainage/Design of Carrying Case at On/Off Switch
No Flash-Slow refresh-No External memory and only serial download.
No zoom, no flash, bad viewfinder, old.
Bad battery life, plug location
Poor Quality Switches, Fixed Lens, In Camera Storage Media, Pixel Density
poor quality pictures, bad memory
Poor Picture Resolution, No Additional Picture Storage Capacity.
Low resolution; Casio is non-responsive.
Company doesn't support their product!
No Zoom
quality
Outdated
High resolution option not available on this model.
Battery Life, No flash
pictures are too small to share with anyone offline;if you take it on vacation, you have to have access to a computer or limit yourself to 96 pictures for the trip;
not enough resolution
Poor people pictures
Bad on-off switch
No Flash, Display fades in Bright Light
Poor quality pictures, ugly, bulky, not enough features.
Low image resolution, eats batteries
Doesn't come with batteries (no biggie), somewhat bulky, movies w/o sound.
Cheap shell, poor battery life with flash, weak software
NONE
Some image quality problems, design problems, stigma of being a Casio
size (it's bulkier than a Olympus 400Z) and one needs to press the shutter button down half way for a second to let the camera adjust focus and exposure.  If you don't do that the picture can come out unfocused.  The battery empty indicator also comes up f
BATTERY LIFE SUCKS, no microphone for movie mode, takes 10 seconds to turn on, PhotoShop would have been nice
Poor batteries included, No AC adapter included, slow start up.
poor battery life, no Li ion btry option, sftwr a little cumbersome
quality of unit,
Fragile lens cover, no AC adapter
There is really no cons to this product, it is a great camera and has high quality options
not a good name brand
Clunky image viewing software, short battery life with alkalines
No sound recording, no movie recording beyond 30 seconds
battery life is low if you plan to use the display instead of viewfinder
Trouble focusing Slow response time 
Does not take add on lenses or filters
Slow Autofocus, poor low light focus, small memory card, no rechargeable batteries
Storage time on the microdrive
Price is too High!
A tad bulky and heavy
Slow, Design Fault with flash overexposing - I'm on my second repair.
Modest to short battery life.
No such thing with this camera!
Battery life is short, and I've had problems with the flash card door.
Difficult getting microdive/compact flash out of camera
slow charge, slow file handling, short battery life
No rechargeable batteries, charger or AC adaptor. No USB support for Windows 95. No sound for video. Large size.
Inconsistent manufacturing quality.  Product defects are common.
SERVICE, SERVICE, SERVICE!  
Very Short battery life.  Microdrive problems;  Customer Service; no ability to adapt another lens.
VERY HIGH SERVICE COSTS, Battery life, lack of sunshade on backlighted viewer 
No USB support for Windows NT, screen position get nose prints on it.
Lots of delay. It uses way too much time to take and save a picture.
no AC Adapter, no lens adapter, 
Quicktime movie feature could be longer
Microdrive si very fragile!  Can be easily broken!
Lense cap, no lense adapters
Uses lots of battery power, a bit slow (both are common to digicams)
Baterry life is momentary
PRODUCT IS DEFECTIVE-FLASH FAILS.  Eats batteries 
price, standard zoom features
Drains batteries, focus problems, no TIFF file output.
Slow writing time
setting up USB; loading bundled software; need larger memory card
Takes a while to get pictures onto computer
doesn't focus well, electrical problems at rotating lens, poor ergonomics, useless &amp;quot;features&amp;quot;
slow to load, uses too many batteries, fuzzy distance shots
Bad color quality, low res, getting the pictures out of the camera
too many features, bad colors
Printing picture quality not so great
Low resolution for too much $$$
everything else
No View finder, LCD impossible to see in sun
No viewfinder, but the large led does well.
printable image quality poor
Zooming drains battery life, no viewfinder
No viewfinder.  No sound for movies.  Movies are in AVI (not mpeg) format.
AC adapter not included
1.3m pixels will be outdated in about a month
Fast battery drainage, LCD screen sometimes difficult to see.
It made me broke as hell
Same as all digital cameras - battery life and LCD unreadable in full sun 
Deleting bad shots takes too many steps
No eyepiece, only an LCD display
LCD screen washes out&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Camera is Bulky to carry around
little battery life, LCD on sun unreadable
Goes through batteries quickly- invest in a battery charger.
no flash
No light on the watch you can't tell the time at night.
Size, feel on wrist
limited camera specs, bulky watch
No bundled connection kit adds $50 if you want to keep images
Could use better picture quality
Poor quality; no backlight
you can't make an 8x10 out of pictures
black and white images, low res
Slightly too big; PC link must be purchased separately
A little bulky, which only attracts attention.
...None, if you consider what it was  designed for.
rain cover is not attached, handles could be a bit more ergonomic
None
no basket, kick the wheels,, hard to fold wearing sandals
Wheels are positioned narrowly, recline isn't much
Poor customer service, canopy tends to slip off when pulled back.
No undercarriage basket.  Could use taller handles.  Rubber footrest allows feet to touch tires..
Seat isn't good for long hours of sitting. Smallish canopy.
Can be hard to open and close.
Small basket, not fully reclining.
Basket is a joke, Fabric tends to fade faster than other strollers I've seen.
Binding swivel wheels. Poor, flexing frame design. Short-average height parents ONLY!
Lacks all the bells and whistles of some similarly priced but heavier strollers
steering is too hard, the light construction makes for flimsy feeling.
Combi Customer Service is an answering machine.  Product is not durable.
Cheaply manufactured and small basket
needs better storage space thats compact for bottles or sodas. hard to find
Expensive, doesn't recline much, small basket
folding might be difficult for some people
Flimsy, uncomfortable, small basket, wheels lock up
can not put any weight in basket on on handle or will flip.
Three- (instead of five-) point harness, tiny storage basket.
short handle, small wheels, wiggly, price
Basket small, no cup holders, does not fully recline.
Pricey and a measly storage basket.
not durable for a child over 40 LBS.
kind of flimsy
no brakes!
small basket
brakes must be set to fold and basket empty
small basket
not much basket room, does not recline
the price,does not fully recline
lightness makes it feel wobbly
Slightly wobbly; Small wheels; On the short side
Price
mechanisms stick after awhile
handles are too short, not very robust
The seat belt, the tiny basket, flimsy seat, high price tag
basket a bit small, price a bit high
inconvenient crotch strap, difficult-to-lower seat-back
small basket, small wheels, doesn't fully recline 
cost, small basket, sometimes hard to manuever with one hand
waist belt difficult to unfasten
handle height, recline and basket
front wheels occasionally lock up
flimsy, short handles
can not hang heavy bags on the handle
Small basket, no parent tray
pricey, small basket
footrest way too high; wobbly; does not recline well; expensive; small basket
Turning is a challenge, brakes constantly lock themselves, basket is way too small
Doesn't recline all the way for baby&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Push handle too low for tall people.
small basket that's hard to reach, doesn't really recline
basket is small and difficult to get items out of; rear wheels difficult to lock/unlock
flimsy, no recline, rattles, 3 point harness
Doesn't work with heavy kids. Seat doesn't lay very flat
Storage net is difficult to access.  Pricey for a travel stroller.
hard to get into the basket and no 5 point harness
does not work well for children over 25 pounds, front wheels lock in place
Delicate, has broken a few times, lacks features like full recline, tray or cup holder.
Does &lt;b&gt;NOT&lt;/b&gt; fully recline.
Durability, Customer Service
Center Bar that supports folding handles breaks, it is a KNOWN design flaw
Difficult to maneuver, can't hang diaper bag on handle.
It breaks!
A Combi, Can break if not careful, 3 point harness
2001 model is plastic and can break easily.
durability, quality
Very expensive, not much of a parent tray, center bar breaks on older models
a bit squeaky, not great for grass/bumpy/rocky travel
Terribly cheap quality, center bar breaks, wheels fall off
umbrella , no harness strap,  just belts across lap
3 point seatbelt, seats a bit narrow, baskets very small 
Tiny wheels, narrow seats, expensive.
In reality, it's a piece of crap (pardon my French).
could be too narrow for chunky babies
Pricey but you can find great deals on the internet
expensive, fall short of every function.
very expensive, small basket
mesh basket too small, frame feels wobbly
I don't feel that there are any cons about this stroller.
Chair back takes practice and storage area too small.
I wish it had a telescopic handle and a larger basket.
flimsy, does not hold up well.
Basket is a little small, but that's ok.
sloping seat dangerous to babies who can't sit,  full recline only useful for small infants
rough ride over rugged terrain
canopy cannot be moved to the front to block the sun 
Poor storage, expensive
Small Wheels, Small Basket, Not Cheap
Terrible under-basket. Poor "kick clearance" in the back.  
WAY too expensive
cost, tiny basket
wheels hard to move, expensive
Non-treaded wheels, No canopy secure strap when carrying, basket to small.
low stroller handles
pricey
VERY expensive
Expensive, gets stuck on some low thresholds because it is so light.
It doesn't print with quality.
It works
Slow Speed, Bad Print Quality, Bad Resolution and BAD EVERYTHING!!!
Paper jams remain frequent, Slow printing speeds, pauses in print jobs.
Slooooooooooww.
Slow
None
Works like a cheap printer
Major inconvenience, requires constant attention
Slow as hell
poor quality images, it's slow, more work that any other printer, it brakes, its discontinued... to list a few
It's not an HP
none
Prints extremely slowly; low print quality; breaks easily
Too many to list here. Read the review.
Ink is in one cartridge and cost 29 - 35 dollars each.
Have to hold the paper sometimes for printer to print correctly
Not a very good printer when printing photos
None
top loading
thin plastic paper catcher
Cartridge cost
Poorly built, not actually made by Compaq.
Limited print functions and settings, expensive ink
slow, prints green 
None
Color printing, and price
Cartridge costs $34.00 +
Can't find cartridges.  Have to use high quality paper for a good picture.
cant print high quality  true to life pictures
I'd still be waiting on pages to print if I'd done my thesis on this 
speed, ink
Can't be used with Windows 2000
Ink Hog, Poor Output
It frustrates me often, cartridges are ridiculously expensive
too slow, cartridges expensive
generally a pain
paper jams, annoying sounds, so-so print quality
Colors tend to get murky.  Very low memory.  Lots of glitches.  Toner is very expensive.
Slow color printing, expensive toner.
Slower and slightly lower color quality than some. But cheaper too.
Quality was grainy. Slow printing web pages. Mine stopped working after 4 months.
A lot
the lexmark ink is exspinsive
Slow color printing, expensive toner.
paper jams,slow printing
None that I have seen!
Customer service lacking
SLOW
Color Printing Is Not That Great
none!
expensive toner, lower resolution and slower printer than today's standards
A little slow for high-volume printing.
Requires a USB port
Rather cheaply made &amp; expensive cartridges
Ink cartridges hard to find
none so far!
Major driver problems
Printing quality and speed could be better but for an inexpensive printer it is great.
needs a better &amp;quot;finished&amp;quot; tray
ink cost
ink cartridges are so expensive you could practically buy a new printer
Slow
No problems
none that I know of.
extra cartridges are a little spendy
can drop it 4 feet and it still works
Not Very Well Supported By Compaq, Feeder Tray Is Buggy, Photo-Quality... Nope.
A LITTLE BULKY
It's loud
cartridge life span
+$$$$$$$$$$
None that I see!
works when it wants to
Poor tech support, problems installing drivers &amp;amp; paper jams.
N/A
Abysmal support, quickly orphaned
Expensive shipping cost
Size
poor image quality
finding ink, and print quality
There is not much difference between draft and high quality for printing.
Ink cartridge carriage broke easily, long hold time for service rep.
Nasty... very nasty final results...
low resolution (640x480), not supposed to work in Win XP
No lens cover, not able to create movies or be used as a web cam
Low resolution, slow, no lens cover, poor image quality, crappy software.
Can not be used on any windows program but windows 98. 
Not compatible with Microsoft XP; 123 batteries expensive.
Low native resolution, and a marketing trick makes it worse.
Pictures are sometimes blurry if you are not careful.
no LCD display
It's a toy digital camera.
No flash. 
Poor picture quality, no flash, auto shut off too fast
Auto Turn off too quickly, menu too hard to use
Poor picture quality, Poor ease of use
Needs a fair bit of light; no flash; manual focus
"So So" image quality for video conference, Stand isn't practical
Not very reliable, No Flash, the driver cd doesn't work
auto shut off is to fast
no preview window, no flash
bad drivers, doesn't meet even my minimum standards
picture quality at night or very low light is not good.
you must push a series of buttons to get flash
Everything
Zero quality
Sometimes is very sensitive to mixed light conditions
Works poorly indoors
no flash, manual focus, unreliable
Manual Focus, Extremely Sensitive to &amp;#13;&amp;#10;lighting situation, 
Impossible to focus correctly, no flash, very fragile
Needs day light when used as web cam, no flash, manual focus.
very difficult to use, terrible picture quality
image quality
None
Price can be reduced due to competitors
poor networking support, questionable tech support
cost
slow
design
Useless driver for Macintosh
envelopes jam; blue lid?
bad Mac compatibility, paper feed problems, paper jams
falsely advertised -- printer is not compatible with MS Word, Appleworks, Final Draft
Large dimensions, design
Lacks features (hence it's cheapness), kinda big and awkward in size
Uses batteries very quickly, no manual focus, no zoom, delay after snapping.
No Zoom available and drains batteries too rapidly.
Battery Life Low, Buttons Small
battery hog
Not enough gizmos for &amp;quot;advanced&amp;quot; digital camera buffs
Eats batteries.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;A little on the heavy and big side.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;FocusLock is semi-annoying.
Uses batteries very quickly, no manual focus, no zoom, delay after snapping.
ease of use
bad price
batteries run out quickly
Drains batteries quickly.
Sometimes bright colors are too dark
Zoom could be better
no zoom, poor quality with flash
Is an 'older model'
closer range would be nice
Its blowing competitors off the market!
limited amount of pictures can be taken
Battery Life, NO ZOOM
need lots of addons like batteries and lenses to make it great
sensitive to indoor lighting ( color distortion with bad light )
very hard to figure out how to work
Needs constant supply of fresh batteries
No zoom, LCD gets in way of left hand
SHORT Battery Life, Terrible Pictures in Low Light
serial photo download, large physical size, control buttons touchy.
Big, clunky, heavy, low battery life
no zoom, lack of battery life
no optical zoom, pathetic long-range night shooting capability
No zoom features, hard to get action shots.
No firewire/USB, a little larger than some, slight distortion at some angles.
Not real good at quick shots.  
Aging when compared to newer models.
Needs a better zoom lens feature
uses a lot of battery power...but this is to be expected with digital equip.
Skips a beat which can annoy you.
The only fault is having to download to your computer.
If you go for the products that look the best, don't buy this.
Long shutter lag if you don't prefocus.
Not small, a bit pricey, Nowhere near &amp;quot;point and shoot&amp;quot;
none
No UBS connection or adaptor...slow response time.
A little pale in the saturation dept. Lens is not that sharp. 
A Little Hard to Program
a little hard to hold 
Bulky camera
price, no USB connection, need glasses or sharp eyes to read some function screens
Slow to download
button placement
Flimsy lens cover
The strap is made for a right handed person, the lens cap could be made better.
Slow shutter speed, awkward viewfinder, no AC adapter.
a little pricey, heavy
No A/C Adapter
Only comes with Serial download, no USB provision.
spendy, but worth it
low battery warning sucks, 2 memory chips, some features difficult to access, zoom is temperamental
fare in low light conditions, flash isn't very strong
no optical zoom, short battery life
No optical zoom
Battery Life, No Microdrive support, Must get AC adapt Sep.
short battery life and red eye 
image quality, color is disgusting
batteries, lack of AC adapter, no optical zoom
frequent battery recharging, doesn't have zoom
None 
not that expensive
battery life is short (constantly recharging), only one zoom
Battery drainer.
unreliable company dcprodirect
As technology has improved, this is now a middle of the road camera.
You might want a second set of rechargeable batteries
Compact Flash card could be larger.
Lag between pictures
does not come with an AC adapter..must be purchased separately,and not easy to find, best bet is to order direct from Epson
Optical Viewfinder Is Not Accurate For Close Ups, No Uncompressed Capture Mode
Seriously annoying interface quirks
average battery life
Gimme at Least a 16MB CF Card; Firmware Occasionally Buggy
it's not a photograph
LCD gets nose smudges when looking through viewfinder
Zoom Response is a Little Slow
LCD display sometimes too washed out; sometimes makes it hard to judge how exposed your photo will be
A bit heavy to carry around all day.
Pictures are not accurate when taken from LCD mode  
a little noisy, small inkjet cartridges
Ink doesn't last long...and...You gotta read the manual!
U.S.B. &amp; noise level while printing, small ink wells.
TINY ink wells, expensive refills, noisy print action.
slow, loud, quick to use ink
Slow, Loud, paper weight support that holds up the paper in the feeder 
Loud, small black ink cartridge, no Centronics (parallel) connection.
a little noisy, the ink drains a little quickly
Noisy!
Cheap Printer
Extremely noisy, horrible print quality, drinks ink like a semi truck does gasoline
Noisy, poor print quality, poor build, wasts ink cleaning itself, Slow.
slow color
very noisy. average print quality. a bit slow. 
Super slow speed, uses up ink cartridges very quickly, loud.
slow, noisy, low paper capacity, runs through toner quickly
Extremely poor quality.
SLOW, SLOW, SLOW!
faulty sensor extremely slow photo printing too loud vibrates too much   printer driver problems
cartridges cannot be refilled, slow and noisy
Printing Speed, Ink hunger
Ink is harder to find.  
Runs out of ink very fast. Expensive to change cartridge.
Very Slow and Very Loud, Runs out of ink very quickly
Slow and worthless
Expensive ink, can't refill the cartridges using a kit.
Very very slow.  Noisy.  Used lots of ink. 
 Prints slowly and uses a lot of ink.
large size but works well
Noise, paper support
None
none
A bit bigger than my last inkjet, see review for dimensions
It takes a little while to set up.  
The only problem I had, was trying to get it to print Quicken checks.
Photos use a lot of ink, somewhat noisy, not the fastest
Makes awkward load noises while inserting paper and turning it on.
loud
Way too LOUD.
Shakes a lot, makes a lot of noise. Takes up to much ink.
Have to purchase a cable  either parallel or USB, , 
On the noisy side
None significant
speed and cleaning
Makes much noise while loading the paper, no parallel cable
1st printer DIED of a mystery disease! (read on)
uses a lot of expensive ink
Have to buy the extra cable, print quality could be a bit better, somewhat noisy.
Ink hog, memory hog, a little noisy
Expensive Cartridges with anti-refill chip.
Print letters washed-out and fuzzy, Black ink is really charcoal grey. 
Does it really need to be this wide?
Bulky, noisy, sometimes doesn't work
Poor Picture Quality, Breaks Easily
Fairly noisy
a little bit loud
Size, Noise
TERRIBLE reliability, constantly clogging print heads, tremendous ink cost
Loud and long time to shut off and on. 
Noisy
poor photo print quality
Ink drinker
None Whatsoever
Ink cartridge runs out quickly and is expensive
fragile, ink expensive and need lots, needs frequent nozzle cleaning, must have all inks non-empty
Heads need cleaning every time I use it, wasting ink., Paper jams.
cleans up printheads a lot, uses ink
Noisy, A bit large
Somewhat noisy when paper is loading into printer
chipped cartridges
Big, Noisey &amp; Ink Thirsty
Picture printout isn't great on this one.  The cartridges are also really expensive!
Sometimes slow to start printing as printer cycles through cartridges.
Like most printers, in warmer air pages clump together when feeding in
problems with paper jams and paper feeding
Ink is consumed very fast, had some paper feed problems
Ink lasts only a month, poor picture printing quality, expensive cartridges, no cable included
Slower than photo printers and cannot do edge to edge printing.
not great for photo pictures
a bit noisy
Noisy Turning on and off.
none so far
2 ink cartridge system, Cost of the Ink
Paper jams, noisy, goes through ink pretty fast.
A bit slow
SLOW, loud, doesn't pull paper well, terrible picture quality
Small paper capacity, small ink capacity, slow, print head built onto printer
Large footprint
Does not come with a cable, sometimes ink does not dry correctly on photo paper
Kind of big and clunky looking.  Noisy paper loading.
Sucks ink like Dracula sucks blood.
Slow in higher quality modes,noisy when loading paper, very slow to initiate printing.
Loud feed tray, fairly large footprint
Goes through a cleaning type cycle every time you turn it on.
None Noted
big noisy ink guzzler :(
none
it's HUGE!!! Limitations on paper types
Requires much adjusting to obtain desired quality. 
ink monitoring software not as accurate as it could be
Noisy, large footprint, high ink use
Wish I had it sooner!
The printer uses its ink very quickly
Poor color, especially photos.
Kind of Big, none other.
Loud paper loader,paper falls off.
Expensive to run!
Heads get clogged and out of alignment; bad experience six mo. after purchase
Each Color is Individual
None!
Text quality is less than exceptional, loud, fairly bulky
Wastes ink every time you turn it on
Large footprint; grabs the paper loudly; shakes the desk while printing(!)
Had to use up 2 whole cartridges before it stopped printing with banding
A little loud, but worth it.
Large footprint - 18" by 18" at minimum extension.
Cartridge cost
Cost of Epson brand printer cartridges
Ink Costs &amp; Slightly Washed out Prints
xp issues - ineffective fixes - just about returned the printer. (happy now)
Still an inkjet
Printheads easily become dirty; quickly, Consumables blindingly expensive
Very slow if used on older computer, very loud paper loading.
Ink's will cost you $60 for all.
Photo printing not overwhelming
Very poor glossy photo printing, clumsy-looking
Ink gets to be pricey, but worth every print.
drivers, ink quality
High ink costs, Slow startup, Re-calibrates too often
My Epson C80 didn't perform for long--quit printing 6 months after warranty expired.
None so far
Big Footprint, no cable included
none
price, bulky design, memory hogging drivers
no cable supplied
Text output not so good
1. slowwwwwww ----&amp;#13;&amp;#10;2. many annoying dialog windows---&amp;#13;&amp;#10;3. sucks on a network
Clunks and slow at initial start of printing
Ink cartridges don't last long...expensive!
great  acting
none
Somewhat expensive inks; no border-free printing or roll paper support
Ink is costly! A bit large, noisy but no more than others.
Doesn't like .tif formats. Small paper size. Heads like to clog.
do not try to refill cartridges
Ink guzzler falls apart after six months.  Large footprint, marginal paper handling skills.
limited to 5 resolution settings
a lil noisy
Noisy, must be open in front
High cost of Black Ink Cartridge, paper tray capacity, paper loading loud
Load paper feed
Noisy feeder, pretty big
Photos, Color is dull, Black ink isn't as black as HP's 
printer is on the larger size, paper feed is loud and startling
Should be call DuraDull
Loud!! Scares my cats when it starts up.
noisey paper feed
NOISY paper loading; photos are dull, flat
No USB included, software problem at first.
Photos have poor contrast, saturation and brightness,, Very Noisy Paper Feed
2 units went belly-up over a 13 month period.
Slightly noisy feeding paper
- Can't do Super Glossy prints, - Poor selection of compatible photo paper. 
Loud, Paper feeder slow to load, clunky
Expensive Ink Drinker.  Noisy.  
Colors stop printing, heads clog, no amount of cleaning will unclog; prints are then unacceptable
paper misfeeds, driver freezes, difficult ink cartridge loading
not photographic quality,but not too bad, doesn't print the full larger size
Unreliable, unusable images at times
size, price, and design
severe and chronic paper feed problems
A bit noisy
HASSLE HASSLE HASSLE and more hassle after that
Large in size, noisy, ink is expensive
Cost of print cartridges, size, noise, no toll free number to call for service
Can eat ink cartridges
bad paper loading, bad customer service
a little slow, sometimes loud, must upgrade for PostScript
not good for printing labels
programming, picture printing
Same problems as described by JK Hudson - Paper misfeeds, bad drivers 
Fragile and low capacity paper tray.
EPSON DROPS THE BALL ON MAC OSX PRINTER DRIVERS!!!
Aborting, centering
Expensive, goes through ink pretty fast
big footprint. won't fit on a desktop
No double sided printing
High price tag, slow printing on large format printing and high cost ink cartridges
There are better printers out there but they will be hard to find.
Print problems, paper feed problems...
Paper jams, High cost cartridges, Long print times.
Poor color quality; mediocre text sharpness; does not print well with Win ME; slow.
Costly ink cartridges, noisy. Waste much ink in cleaning heads
paper jams are frequent, Goes through Ink faster than you could imagine.
Shuts off completly when any ink cartridge is out.
Malfunctions easily in spite warranty
Color is Okay, Photo is Bad, Slow
Noisy, Inefficient, Takes to long to load
uses ink too quickly, ink is expensive
Un-reliable, too slow, doesn't work half the time
 A little slow
not as fast as some others
Not the top printer in the range
bad color-detail prints
when it works
paper and ink hog,hard to complete quality prints
Ink runs out quickly.
Runs through ink cartridges quickly.
Slow, Big, Low Quality prints
Noisy- Slow-only holds small amount of paper
Expensive cartridges; electrical limitations
Sucks ink, and the ink sucks
Goes through cartridges very quickly.
Software driver, print speeds
tech staff and printing
Not the best
sssslllllloooooowwwwwww
Sheet feeder doesn't work well
Picture quality isn't that great
Ink Usage, Durability
could print color faster
I price of jet ink is expensive
Ink cartridges run out quickly when printing in higher resolutions
lacks some featers of higher cost printers
Ink harder to find
only one copy every thirty seconds
Wasted Ink, Jammed Paper
could be faster
Slow
Loud, Poor Photo Quality, Rapid Ink Usage
Have to reinstall ink cartrages
cost of ink cartridges
not very long lasting, slow
NONE Know 
nothing
REALLY SLOW
None found yet
Expensive cartridges, lousy printing
not great for pictures, cartridge cost
loud, uses a lot of ink, bad quality print outs
Slow and noisy.
none i love it
still not as good as a real photo, still runs out of ink
See above I don't have room to list them all here.
low quality in comparison to other printers that don't cost a whole lot more
slow and loud
Slow depending on the computer, and uses ink quickly
Expensive Cartridges
slow loading,  fast ink consumption
none!
Not true photo quality, Epson ink is expensive
Very slow at printing.
Ink smears and ink blots
worthless
Not made for photographs
Poorer quality than some more expensive models
A bit slow and noisy
Paper feeding disaster
everything else!
Expensive cartridges, so-so print quality, slow print speed
Goes through ink like a baby goes through diapers, unreliable, slow
Too Bulky
not good for color printing
Slower than more expensive printers
slow,unreliable,high maintenance
Doesn't print too often.
Loud, slow
Takes a few minutes to warm up
warm up time ink usage
Prints too slow, uses too much ink
none
Eats ink like crazy, bad quality!
Drinks ink, loud, not much life
ALL depends on what software you are using
slow, noisy
Uses to much ink, jams up
Rather noisy. Limited in paper sizes that can be fed through it.
Expensive photo prints
Speed, clarity at times
Cheap
Size, Paper Jams, Hard to change ink cartridges*, Loud, Slow
Poor print quality, low resolution, slow, very noisey.
Ink gets on the rollers and smears&amp;#13;&amp;#10;on paper. Low dot-per-inch resolution.
Works great until it pops  until the ink starts spurting all over  that was bad!
Modest resource of cartridges, not available Postscript
Could not find the ink cartridges at COSTCO.
had to download driver
None.
Economy Printout not good.
Not user friendly, poor paper feeder
Slow
No frills
poor paper feeder
Cheaply build, a little noisy, not fast, but what do you expect?
No switches. Prints slow.  Excessive Ink consumption.
Uses quite a bit of ink, but not really any more than equivalent printers.
Can be noisy. No on/off switch,long time at top resolution. consumes a lot of ink
A little slow, uses more ink than usual
kind of slow, no on/off switch
Slow and hungry, no USB cable included
high ink costs, poor print quality
Slow, thirsty, noisy, unreliable.
It broke and I don't know why
expensive small size cart.
Very expensive to operate.
Requires USB support, no USB cable supplied.
no usb cable! doh!
Unreliable, bulky, noisy, slow, expensive to run.
Very noisy
None
Ink cartridges are pretty expensive
poor quality
Uses ink quickly, often prints poorly 
Piercing printing sound causes deafness and local dogs to show up at your door
may smudge at times, not the highest quality
size
Dynamic quality issues
A bit out of date
You May Need Headphones
need coated, costly paper and high res for good quality printouts, noisy and slow
Does not work, expensive to run, impossible to repair.
Failure to recognize paper in the tray.
slow for office use, noisy, can be heavy on ink usage
Ink is a problem
A little too much noise
slow print speed
Cheap, as in junk.
ink, paper feed problems
ink is a little expensive unless you shop around
Not perfect photo graphics but excellent w/right paper
uses up ink cartridge fast
none
Can not see ink level in cartridges
not reliable
a little slow with the &amp;quot;best&amp;quot; option
none that I have experienced.
No negative factors to report.
Larger footprint than the HP printers
Unreliable
Uses lots of ink, takes a long time to start up
cartridge may read empty when it is not
ink cartridges are pricey
skips when printing
Uses a lot of ink if printed at best settings
None that I know of!
A little costly
Ink runs out fast, prints in moderate speed
Slow in color,
A little slow but hey, what do u want for les than $200
It just plan stinks
print quality deteriorates fast, high price of ink cartridges.
Loud, Slow To Start Up
Haven't experienced any
Print speed could be better
it uses lots of ink
noisy, first print takes a while to get going
Noisy, Changing Cartridges a Hassle, Print speed somewhat slow
Costly to maintain
????
Loud, high cost of ink
Paper doesn't readily flow through and the ink clogs up at times.
Cost of printing per page. Operation of printer driver.
lengthy power-on activity, no open print-cartridge sensor
Cartridge change electronics / printer driver
A bit slow in color mode
Unreliable equipment. Breaks for no reason. 
OFFLINE
breaks a lot ????
So long to get started!
Ink usage;clogged heads, reliability may be an issue w/ extensive use.
Not good enough for professional artists.
If one color goes, then entire color cartridge needs replacement.
The PUPPY  Makes Tons Of  Noise! If You Care?
Driver issues, Poor control Panel, Inefficient Use of Ink, Print Quality Issues
large printer
Loud, printer head malfunctions, not very responsive
None
Loud, off brand cartridges have clogging problem, reset after running out of paper
A little loud.
Its Unreliable
Very poor print quality after year of use. Cheaply Made
Ink heads clog if not used every week, but it's easily corrected.
Not the best quality photos, a little slow with text
none!
very noisy
chokes on large image files, driver software needs better interface
Bad print quality, jams, poor service
It is just a bit noisy
Expensive cartridges; extremely noisy; jams.
bad driver, expensive special paper, sub average quality on plain paper
none thus far
 Can be noisy and takes a while to print once turned on
Not the fastest or most powerful
ok quality
Bad construction, flimsy design, worthless
Slow; Needs special paper to look good; no built-in USB port
software tricks you into using more ink, ink cartridges don't last long
Expensive operation, poor reliability, noisy
Expensive to operate, slow, some reliability issues
Runs out of ink too frequently
slow compared to some other printers
paper jams, ink cartridge access, print quality
Slower to print
none
Doesn't work well with plain paper and uses a lot of ink
Slow, drinks ink, difficult to operate
A little expensive to use
USB cable had to be purchased separately
paper jams, expensive ink, crooked printing, bad print quality 
uses much ink, may be cloggy
????
noise, the fact that it broke
Noisy
Ink cartridges a little expensive
Loud, somewhat slow and takes up a lot of room
Too bad printing quality printing in fast mode, problems with the windows ME driver.
alittle bit bulky,
original ink costs and usage
Slow.
Not fast, not particularly cheap to run
a little slow print speed
Durability is questionable, price per page seems high, limited driver support, can't print on both sides of the page
a bit slow, takes a while to start up
Hard to tell when you are out of ink. 
Takes at least 5-10 minutes before it starts printing
Color match, tech support
Need to speed up a little bit. Confusing ink level display after cartridge change.
Noisy, Aged Software
So-so plain paper text, ink tanks run out somewhat fast, clogged nozzles.
USB issues when used with ME.
Lacking in reliability. Slow.
Went crazy WAY too soon.  All messed up.
Ink cartridges are expensive.
cartridges sometimes clog, doesn't stop for paper jams.
Sucks your ink cartridges dry
Service
Bulky out put tray
none
Sensitive to paper used, large footprint
none
ink cartridges are costly from Epson!
Wakes the neighbors when you turn it on
i don't like the paper tray (but they are all pretty much set up this way now)
You have to spring for fancy paper for best results
Poor reproduction of color photos, NOISY
No automatic turn on
died prematurely, slow to get started
Goes through ink quickly
Wish it printed faster
ink will get expensive, slow, inkjet text can smear.
Color photo output requires special paper for best results
Slow
makes a bit of noise, takes time on quality print jobs
none
Can be an ink hog at times
cheap
Gulps ink, poor reliabilty
Ink cartridges empty fairly fast
Heads clog easily, faulty feed mechanism, poor customer service.
Problematic, long warm up times, ink guzzler, paper jammer
USB problems; unreliable.
None.
impossible setup
not very stylish to loud
ink is expensive
Think ink
everything else
No USB cable included
I do not like the single tank for my color ink. I like the individual colors like the Cannon has.The ink last longer when you have individual colors to replace and not a single tank like the Epson has.
Black bands/coags after a few sheets
loud, slightly annoying install
None.
what's not to like?
Annoying Paper Tray
None
annoying Mac software, networkability
Incompatible with Windows 98!  Poor service
avg speed
I have none
Slow and Noisy on start up
cost of cartridges
likes to jam paper sometimes, but rare
6 ppm
None
Slow, Loud, not that much better in quality that other similarly priced printers
High cost of ink-jet cartidges.
They aren't free..........
Cartridge cost
prints loudly
None
Hard installation, SLOW
Color printing can be slow at higher resolutions
Couldn't get printer to work with Windows 98 computer
Sub-par plain paper printing, bleeding text
none yet
Slow photo printing at high-quality resolutions
prints so good, you'll be spending lots of $ on paper!
Slow photo-quality printing
Not extremely fast
It runs out of paper! (Dumb Joke)
Noisy, Quality isn't as good
Nanh
Ink runs out quickly, low print quality, over-priced
Ink Cartridge Runs Out A Little Too Quickly
 its whack
Text output not top quality, noisy at times, cleaning cycle is long
Color Correction is a little confusing.
Loud when in fast print.
a bit slow on the get-up-and-go
Tech support
plain paper output not as sharp, slow in high quality modes
Head cleaning is loud and slow, USB operation can be unreliable.
larger  footprint than some printers
Tremendous ink consumption, frequent paper jams
Detection problems with colors and paper
goes through ink quickly and is very loud
I had problems with the drivers, but updates fixed it up quick.
very expensive ink jet cartridges.
ink consumption.
Likes ink
Unreliable, noisy
NONE
questionable reliability, short ink cartridge life span
Black text quality, not near a laser
Buggy driver software in some configurations; pricey consumables
Nothing I can think of
uses up ink pretty fast
Loading paper a hassle
Noise, ink sprayer clogs, devours ink
none
Slow to start, uses much ink
Occasional paper jams.
Envelope problems, thirsty for ink
somewhat slow
Speed
A frustrating exercise in planned obsolescence.
Pricey refills, cartridges dry up too fast
None that i can think of
High Cost Catridges
No cable included
no WinME drivers, problems in photoshop colors
Not Much
Connection cable must be bought seperate
cant really grumble at much at all
usb interface problems
A bit slow, uses ink rather quickly.
Did not work with my iMac.
None so far!
ink!
A little bit noisey
relatively noisy and slow
Shoddy business practices by Epson
Ink doesn't last long
comes in those see through colors if you want
Not for t-shirts of colors
will bleed on good stationary, can be slow, software only ok
Loud
Slow, EXPENSIVE ink
drinks ink like a fish.
If heads go, printer goes. No &amp;quot;new head every cartridge&amp;quot; like with HP or Lexmark.
horrible installation
Uses more ink than most other printers.
Goes through noisy warm up and pre-printing routine
slow high-res prints, expensive cartridges
a bit slow
windows driver looses print job if you forgot to switch it on, loud in draft
ink cartridges don't last long
Relatively expensive ink, uses a lot of ink to print text
Expensive ink, eats ink up quickly too
A little Slow. Uses ink up fast
Complicated print options; ink lifetime; driver conflicts
Goes through ink like a hot knife through butter.
Rather expensive ink; runs through ink quickly
Setup was difficult.
Eats up ink fast
Slow, bit of an ink monster!
Constant paper jams, poor quality, and noisy
Loud, not photo quality, if out of color ink, it won't print in black.
noise, connection, noise, noise
Printheads dry up very fast.. and i need a replament
random paper jams 
A bit fat - takes up space
n/a
Noisy
Loud
not easily networkable
Ink replacements are expensive
None
Came with Out-Of-Date Software
Rare glitches
A few rare minor problems. Heads dry too often.
Loud, picky
paper feed problems
off center printing on some things
Had to send one back
Color results best on special paper
noisy when you turn it on, but oh well...
Could be slightly faster
Ink Problems, Long Warm Up, Cleaning on Warm up does not work, Feeding problems as well.
Noise, noise, noise
Loud start-up, somewhat noisy
print alignment problems. slow.  unrepairable. awkward design. little control in panel. failed after 6 months.
you get what you pay for, this isn't for photo printing
Bad quality on cheap paper.
Reliability is horrendous
Gives error sometimes
Black ink that smears.
Very messy; Ink depleets even when cartridge isn't used; never found compatible generic cartridge.
The ink cartridges are expensive.
No cables in box
Horizontal bands happen too often
The ink is very expensive!
So-so text output, ink consumption, print head maintenance
Occasionally will not feed envelopes, smudges.
Print heads wear out
Printer jams very easily.
Haven't found any yet
The size of the printer itself its a little big.
text quality, speed, consumption, design and other oddments
Haven't found any yet.
Paper trays somewhat flimsy
none
future inkjet costs (so is any other inkjet printer)
size
small ink cartridges, bloated software
Uses a lot of ink
Goes through color ink fast, yellow ink cartridge too small
none
Expensive ink
PAPER LOADING, Compatibility
large foot print, loud. UPDATE: Breaks to easily!
They forgot my manual! Noisy
Feeds 2 pages at once occasionally
Runs out of ink within two months if you print very little. Expensive cartridges
The print head easily clogs, requiring a lot of ink to clean.
Inconsistent service
Ink hog, fairly loud when printing
VERY NOISY!, B&amp;W ink cartridge emptied quickly, setup not as easy as others
Ink cartridges needed galore, paper jams, unavoidable auto cleaning "feature", no clone refills.
Sometimes slow, expensive ink (although there are cheaper generic refills!)
Paper feeds three or four sheets at a time. A cartridge a month, no joke.
none
Malfunctions Easily (see documented cases below)
An ink hog
Fragile
Noisy. Slow. Expensive to run. Software problems galore. 
loud, uses a lot of ink which is expensive
Expensive ink
Outrageous Ink Price, with Proprietary Chips in Cartridge!
Extremely noisy, poor paper handling, uses ink quickly
Uses a lot of ink
shockingly expensive unrefillable ink cartridges.
Jams, jams, jams...and a MAJOR problem withthe print heads.
Paper Jams and ink runs out too fast
N/A
Oh so much.
expensive ink and paper
NONE
As with all inkjets, expensive cartridges.  It is loud
...too bad the ink cartridges don't follow the printer's price mode.
Some internal part noise
does go through ink rather fast, spendy ink
Small Ink Cartridge
Slow......
Eats ink,loud
Few, except printing speed.
Can be slow and seems to inhale the ink.
VERY ink-thirsty, sneaky inkjet cartridge disable built-in
Ink hog, loud, moves too much, flimsy construction, unreliable, expensive ink cartridges
bit of an ink hog, noisy
if any, would be that ink goes fast
Cleaning cycle eats ink in a major way.
Vertical feed gathers dust; flimsy output tray
Paper Expense, Noise
Very loud printing; small black cartridge
The one I bought does not perform consistently at all
runs out of ink quickly 
limited amount of paper load
Not a single one 
Design is a little dorkey for us macho geeks
Costly ink cartridges, so-so printing on plain paper
The thing won't work
Ink Cartridges Are Over Priced
Must refill cartridges before they dry out or else they will be rejected
DOA, chewed paper, incredibly cheap construction, very worrisome, fragile, loud.
Flimsy, easily broken, head gets misaligned often
None
Somewhat slow printing. (especially color) Ink seems to use up quickly. 
none
Photos have a strange tint, ink is expensive. No network support.
cartridge costs should come down
Noisy
On the noisy side
Like all Epson's, it is a noisy printer
Loud when printing, high price of replacement cartridges. 
A little noisy at start up
some difficulty installing for ME, difficult finding cartridges
Quality of the mechanics of the printer may be lacking.
I ran out f black ink after 3 months
Requires Bi-Directional Cable, or USB, standard parallel port cable wont' work.
Expensive ink ($60 for both cartridges), Noisy, Cheap construction, Wastes ink
Somewhat hazy print jobs, chainsaw-loud operation
Ink sucker, mechanical difficulties.
Noisy, costly printer cartridges
Ink cartridges are expensive. Faded Economy mode Build quality is shocking
noisy, uses ink fast, unable to find ink replacements; etc...
Noisy
A little loud, EXPENSIVE ink cartridges
Whiny printing function, consumes ink like an 18 wheeler.
Paper feed problems, uses ink quickly
Casing is a dust magnet, not as quiet as you'd like for home use
Loud Loud Loud
Slow w/ full page color printing, expensive cartridges
NO ink in the expensive OEM cartridges!
Funky overly-long process before it starts to print EATS EXPENSIVE INK FAST!
Loud, slow at starting print jobs, not very durable.
Cost of cartridges = sell your home.
You've got to wait a long time before it prints for the primming process.
ridiculous noises and long wait time before printing begins
Noisy and difficult to use
Long warm-up period
Color photos use lots of ink...
Takes a while to get ready to print. 1-5 minutes!
a little noisy
Not Photo Quality
flimsy trays
Ink is expensive and goes fast
Warm up time is 7 mins when turned on.
warm-up time too long and noisy.
A "Throw-away Printer! Noise, supply cost, EPSON Lack of 800 number
Seems to clean the heads before nearly every print job; dirty text printing.
expensive (printer and cartridge), cleans very often (making sounds)
expensive ink, cleaning noises, overloading
Expensive ink. Doesn't like clone cartridges.
found none yet
Print head is not part of cartridge and , this printer tends to get head clogs.
Frequent ink cartridge replacement, messy prints, and frequent problems
Doesn't hold up in the long run
Have not found any yet.
not very fast and expensive ink cartridges 
Uses color in like mad!
Mediocre Photo Quality;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Expensive Cartridge;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Inflexible changing cartridges;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Show print mark on the back.
goes bad in about 2 years, inkjets clog up and make it worthless
no major flaws
none so far
Physical Size
Big printer, small ink tanks
Poor text quality
pricey replacement cartridges
hard for HP lovers to transition over to
Bad color reproduction
Tex quality
too many errors
expensive ink cartridges.
None
Not as sharp as some new inkjets
High Priced Ink, Continuous Self-Cleaning, Slower than most other printers. 
Big, No USB compatibility with WIN95
May take a few seconds to start up
Not the best
Ink usage is quite high 
Ink replacement
Paper feed, noise, printer driver
regular paper printing
top/rear feed tray overhang
Uses color ink fairly quickly. Hard to find 860 ink refills on the staples.
None
Won't print color if black cartridge is empty.
New cartridges very expensive.
Doesn't come with cables
Requires somewhat of maintenance to prevent ink jets from drying.
None!!!
Ink cartridges probably not refillable, reported potential to clog heads.
No cable (parallel or USB)
not too fast
if you use crapy paper you will get crapy photo's
Ink cartridges can run out quicker than others
Long lag time to warm up before printing.
Smudging on page after not having printed for a while.
Cleaning heads can be troublesome, no Linux support
Requires REPEATED cleanings, Fussy about paper
Heads clog easily and print cartridges cost a fortune.
Didn't work
None
Can't think of any reasonable things to put here!
Very slow
Flimsy paper tray, uninspiring bundled software, print heads not part of the cartridges
slow, heavier paper causes problems, tricky USB setup
DRINKS ink.  Print heads clog continuously.
None
Ink Prices Are Crazy!
not as fast as claimed
Two models we tried simply didn't work.
Printer heads get clogged too easily rendering the machine useless.
Print Cartridge Replacement cost ,Cheesy software bundle
Too new for all stores to have ink cartridges, yet.
not yet
Bad b&amp;amp;w images
Ink Cost, Paper Cost
I wish that it was a tad faster when printing photos
Lack of utility in printer driver for inkjet replacement; print quality is wholly dependent on paper quality. 
Ink Eater, Ink cartridge changes.
Photo quality is good but not great.
none
Output paper tray could be made a little better. Included software is terrible.
none at this price
Slow, Ink runs out quickly
Blurred colors, edge spots, see dots/lines
Not the most stylish looking printer, paper input tray weak.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Finding out which settings work best with different paper types
Single colour cartridge vs. seperate tanks.
Reliability
none
A little slow?
None really, Ink seems expensive but so does toner
Expensive ink; significant "banding" in photo printouts; too "idiot-proof"; noisy.
None
Noisy when you first turn it on.  Bad color quality when printing to photo paper!
It doesn't allow you to refill cartridges and sometimes has problems feeding paper.
None
Not as fast as claimed
It shakes a lot when printing.
drivers caused problem with printer port, had to call tech support. But even that was a good experience in the end.
Doesn't print as well on plain paper as some other printers
Ink can be costly
The price tag of $200 to $249.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
design isn't on par with other Epson printers
Still a little slow printing color.
Quiet printing, but noisy paper handling, no fax, short USB cable.
Ink consumption, no parallel port
Noisy, paper jams
it is a little bit noisy, but not too bad.
N-O-I-S-E
Printer is noisy, USB cable is short, warm up time. 
Bad paper feeding., Cartridges not refillable.
you get what you pay for
short USB cable
Paper problems, Loud, Consumes Ink, 
small paper loader, paper jams
many breakdowns.had to replace four times. They didn't want to give new only refurbished units.
Speed of printing, Ink consumption, scanning error, photo-print software
Paper feeds from the back. Poor software.  Poor print quality
Feeding mechanism is noisy, driver quirks
It's a little noisy when it begins to feed the paper through. 
A little noisy when it grabs a sheet of paper
NONE!!!
VERY LOUD paper feed.
Photo color reproduction poor
Plastic scan/copy bed should be glass, Some software components not stable.
None!
Not Photo Quality Printing. Colors Come out poor.
Noisy paper feed (but reliable) and average photo printing; flat bed copying only. 
Feed mechanism is very loud and startling. Highest color print level is very slow
More expensive than cx3200 at nearly same features, moves a lot and loud paper loading
A bit bulky, scanner is only 8.5 X 11 in., no auto-on feature
noisy and jerks the paper
Nothing except when it grabs paper it scares you because of sudden noise.
Loud sound when paper is entering printer, cheap plastic sound when closing scanner.
size, color printing not up to photo standards
slow sometimes with larger jobs..and tends to have skips in lines
Color cartridge not stocked at all stores
1200
OEM inks non-archival, a bit slow.
sometimes the network port needs to be reset (not an issue for most home users)
Bulky size, cheesy feel, short lasting color output
Heavy ink saturation causes rippling of paper, frequent cartridge changes, tendency to clog
High price on cartridges from local stores
Quickly fading inks, slow speed on text
Short-lived images
Quality is not as good as expected
none so far...
A bit expensive/slow for normal document printing
Non-archival, all colors in cartridge
Cost of paper, poor documentation
computer chipped cartridges, can't easily use CIS system, ink relatively expensive
Doesn't ship with everything necessary to set it up, hard to find paper, bad software
A Little Pricey For Many.
Larger printer, slow printing with maximum dpi, doesn't come with a USB cable.
Doesn't come with a USB cable.
carts ... small,expensive,chipped. Show no ink with ink remaining. Head clogs with non-Epson inks
Terrible problem with heads getting clogged REPEATEDLY. Try to find a more reliable alternative.
Heads require frequent cleaning, ink used up rapidly. Machine is not for beginners
costly to run, printhead died 1 month after warranty
can't change seperate ink tanks, ink goes quick
The nozzles clog constantly
Ink cartridges are too small
Parallel port support questionable, pricey
expensive consumables
cleaning heads a lot, not EPS compatible, need RIP software to print EPS
Expensive initial investment
Pricey, metamerism too evident (shifts to green too much), painfully slow, consumes too much ink.
matte paper gets too wet
Very serious orange shift problem
Can't print a 16x20 (hint to Epson)
None
None
be careful to use suitable paper.
None to date
Cost
cartridges can be hard to find
Price can be scary
Should only be used as a PHOTO PRINTER!
Does not print to edge,  Discontinued for the 1280
expensive, slow print speed
none found so far
ink cartridges kind of expensive
none
still print same size as the 1200, ink carts harder to find (for now)
speed
ink can be pricey
Pizza wheels.
long term reliability unknown,
Won't serve a cup of coffee (but it will print a great one!)
None. 
none
Doesn't come with a cable
Terribly slow text output.
some odd dithering on high resolution
Price, speed, ease of use, print quality
the cost ?
not found any yet, for home use. Not quite good enough for production work - stick to dye sub for that
Color shifts in output in as little as 24 hours!
Costly paper and ink, and not much paper to choose from by Epson
Expensive to maintain. Slow. Unavailability of inks.
The price of over $300.
Archival Ink problems.  Hard to find replacement color cartridges.
Price! Way too much for just a printer.
Makes a mess of the ink platen, borders, no roll adapter
Optimal settings not listed in manual., Doesn't work with 3'rd party RIPs., , 
None
There are plenty!
Muted colors and poor blacks on Premimum glossy paper
Premium Glossy photos suffer from bronzing...
Optimum settings for color-managed work flow not obvious; slow printing for max quality
This printer is strictly for printing on Matte papers...other then that it's completely useless...
For some people the printer's size may be an issue
Does not work well at all on normal or offset paper
The cost of around $600 is a little high for most!
Price
The 2200 is in short supply- and 7 inks aren't cheap!
inks not compatible with all papers
none
Slow, Has had it's mechanical problems
Never works right, slow, expensive ink cartridges
Limited uses, Loud, Slow, Expensive to maintain 
I doesn't work after that
Hard to clean, awful maintenance, high priced, terrible support
dull text
slow, prone to mechanical problems.
slow
slow, not the sharpest text it the world
UNRELIABLE
small ink wells, slow 
Black and white cartridge too small.
name brand ink cartridges are EXPENSIVE
Poor performance, doesn't recognize Mac OS 9.04
Slow data transfer
Slow, poor color resolution, noisy
Slow, Loud, did I say Slow???
Cartridge management. Discontinued.
Problems on sizing output of photo prints.
Ink cartridges are not ordinary and must be special ordered. 
Hard Software Installation, Extra Care Required
Ink nozzles have to be cleaned regularly
none
slower than multi-purpose printers, uses a lot of ink, tricky calibration
plain design, speed
Very Slow
the b and w suffers
Initializing sometimes is a pain
Not the fastest.But thats all.
a little noisy
slow, but hey, you're printing a PHOTO
uses ink fast but it takes ink to make an image
Cartridge Life/Configuration; Sluggish Speeds
Slow
speed
Expensive Photo Paper
No drivers of OS X, doesn't do as well on HP photo paper
They could have made the thing faster.
They could have made the thing faster.
Slow, Hard to find color ink in brick &amp; mortar
Print time (but easy to shorten)
As others said, slow to start and noisy.
Slow, very noisy, cheap construction, short ink life, better can be had for much less
loud, slow, drinks ink
Noisy, clogs easily, very slow&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Very cheap construction.  Expensive Ink.
Noisy, slow, only works well on Epson paper, sucks ink like no tomorrow.
Drinks ink, clogs easily
Slow, noisy, print longevity
slow, uses a lot of ink, noisy
Clogs , consumes ink, lousy quality construction, frequent paper jams.
nothing
Paper jams frequently, drinks ink like water, ink clogs often, print quality only tolerable.
Loud and slow
noisy, drinks ink, jams easily
loud and slow startup, ink consumption. low ink life
Jams with specialty paper; uses ink quickly; just average for text
A little slow (faster when printing with a computer)
slow, moderate learning curve
If you print photos, ink runs out quickly.  Hi-res printing is slow.
Software is somewhat of a disappointment&amp;#13;&amp;#10;. 
None I've found yet
Adaptors needed for different memory cards
Hard to find, install and software has some issues.
Noisy, clogs easily, slow&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
a little noisy, a little slow but it is worth the quality
Noisy, sometimes color correction features do not work properly. 
Slooooooooow, HUGE, doesn't come w/required USB cable.
Expensive ink cartridges, Waste lots of ink clearing clogs
A little noisy. 
Uses tons of ink and needs constant head cleaning
None of the software for printing or editing was compatible with XP.
Everything else is very poor.
Eats ink, clogs constantly, paper feed jams, expensive, proprietary ink cartridges.
Output tray is flimsy, does eat ink when doing high quality prints
Needs card adapters, printing borderless a bit confusing
clogs, eats ink, poorly labeled buttons, difficult to use
Extremely small ink cartridges.  Be prepared to purchase these cartridges in groups of 5.
Very slow, eats up ink doing self cleanings ,nozzles clog,very noisy,poor support
clogs frequently, driver does not work well, poor customer service
Print quality not as expected and drinks ink.   
The memory card viewer screen is a $99.00 extra
Software takes some time to master. Some features not usable with networks.
Loud. Tall.
Doesn't work (stand-alone) with 16MB SD card
Consumes allot of ink. Not good for office use.
Ink cartridges are expensive and run out quickly
Noisy, heads clog, and few programs can deal without borders.
 Uses up alot of ink, the cartridges are expensive,not very fast at printing
It whines.
Noisy, ink user
Uses a lot of ink and needs to be used regularly.
Uses lots of ink, a bit noisy, one color ink cartridge rather than individual tanks
Needs frequent headclean cycles
Noisy start up...uses lots of ink
Ink hog, expensive cartridges, noisy
Very costly ink cartridges, noisy when starting up, print heads clog all the time.
It runs out of ink fairly fast.
Slow print starts.
Expensive ink cartridges, flimsy construction
very slow; cartridges very expensive and don't last long
Not so stellar text output, slow print speeds, expensive media and ink cartridges
Expensive ink, slow photo printing, requires Epson paper
Relatively High Ink Consumption, Cartridge Cost
ink usage, epson customer service, loud
OVERALL, CARTRIDGES ARE ***VERY EXPENSIVE***, Also a B &amp; W issue.
Awful ink consumption!, Awful ink consumption!, Awful ink consumption!
Gulps expensive ink, slow
slow print speed, uses alot of ink
.70c per print with high quality paper, slow
a seemingly unique "ink-drying" cartridge problem.  please read about my experience.
Could be quicker and ink could last a little longer
Noisy and sluggish
Unable to print at all if one cartridge is empty. 
Warmup period, slow, expensive ink, ink runs out quick
Thirsty of ink, expensive operation, cheap funeral
CLOGGED HEADS !!!
Would not be good for production printing
noisy, poor print quality, poor tech support, goes through ink like water 
Software forces removal of very expensive ink cartridges!!
DRINKS INK!!!!!
Ink always clogs and runs out very fast.
dust kills it, clogged heads, uses too much ink
Its too cumbersome to fit into my kitchen garbage can.
Expensive ink, slow, clogging may be a problem.
A little noisy
Wish controls were in front
High Ink Usage, Poor Mechanics, Poor Print Quality
Software not as intuitive as it could be. 
Lousy Warranty.Ink Sucker at $ 25 a pop.
Frequent clogging, software so-so
great photo's and service seems great (so far)
Ink hog, pay $30 for 10-15 pages printed. Cannot stay idle.
Everything.  Not worth the stamp to mail in the rebate with
Best to use epson paper for photos
loud, slow, uses lots of ink, prints not 100% reliable both for texts or photos
Never works, Never works, Ok, sometimes works but frustrating
Ink hog, occasional problem with ink clog, expensive cartridges
not as fast as you may want, poor text print
Text quality &amp; speed not good - &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Expensive electronic ink cartridges
-Doesn't have large format capacity
No USB cable provided
Print head clogging, mediocre output on plain paper
price of glossy paper for it
Photo print quality not as good as competitors
Still a little noisy
I work for HP (just joking)
No cable included - but printers never include them!
Costly inks
Can be expensive to run
black and white text not as good, color shift problem (but only affects one type paper and some high ozone level areas)
Ink consumption is little too much.
None yet! 
See description below
thirsty for ink  (not worse than other inkjets)
a bit slow for text but its not really meant for that. Costly ink cartridges
Use Epson paper for best results
Can't do large poster-size prints
Have to use original inks from Epson
Epson paper required for best results
Ink is expensive
Small ink cartridges
average text output (won't be confused with laser)
Requires heavyweight paper for best results, small ink tanks
Flakey drivers, compact flash reader not that useful, missing next-generation features
Small ink tanks, no USB cable
Glossy paper for any printer can be expensive.
No supplied USB cable.
High cost per page. Small ink tanks. Slow text output.
Slow print, Average Quality
cost of operation
photo paper and ink refills or expensive unless you find good sales on the internet.
Average text quality, speed
Ink and paper can be expensive if you only do full page high quality pictures
Prints can have a dramatic color shift to orange.  Read more before buying!
Uses a lot of ink. Roll paper is difficult to load.
too new to find one
Colour Tanks Should Be Bigger.
The inks are expensive as is the high gloss, good paper.
Ink cartridges are costly; as afore mentioned in prior reviews, but buy on Ebay!
need a high quality printer, distance pictures tend to be fuzzy
can't think of any
short battery life
Eats batteries
No hard copy pictures
no zoom lens
Short battery life
Must have extra equipment (printer), Uses batteries which can die, Expensive replacement disks, Uses up hard drive space
none so far
none to date
None
missing remote control functionality; no provided external power supply
none
Batteries run out very quickly
not real sturdy/no power adapter
No zoom, no removable storage device, not good for scenic or long distance photos, uses up batteries quickly
nothing
Batteries and Zoom
Plain exterior
Cables too close
Little hard on batteries
short battery time
no optical zoom, eats batteries like mad when viewing with LCD screen
None
?
low picture quality, short battery life
Short Battery Life
Nothing I can't live without.
Buttons are too small
Not very impressive picture quality.
Battery use, no lens cover
none so far
battery usage
No zoom and therefore poor for many scenery pictures
Battery life is non existant!
No zoom
Little zoom, using LCD eats up batteries fast
No lens cover that's it!
No lens cover, no case included
Poor quality assurance.  
No auto focus/lens cover, automatic flash not to my tastes. Lens pops out of focus.
Slow turn-on/storage times, no optical zoom, short battery life
Little versatility, poor image quality, not very durable, poor support from Fuji
no lens cap
Time lag between pressing shutter button and recording picture.
No lens cover. LCD viewfinder can be hard to see under certain conditions.
No true zoom feature, less options for more advanced users
no zoom, short battery life
Really sucks up batteries, but what digital camera doesn't, digital rather than optical zoom.
This camera is slow to turn on, and does not have a very impressive zoom
Battery,Display and Compatibility
Flash too close to the lens, image quality could be better
Really uses up batteries fast, power adapter is kinda expensive
AMAZINGLY poor image quality
close shot not easy to get a good one
Not constant picture quality
Won't do everything
No lens cover, red-eye
Using flash with dark night shots
No zoom, no lens cover
tough to line up shots
Picture quality is not always good, batteries don't last long
Eats Batteries
No zoom
no cover, learn to conserve battery
No lens cover, fixed focus, no zoom
No Zoom,Red Pictures
No lens cover,  no case
no zoom lens
Lens has not cover, has problem with lint on lens.
No lens cover
Having a hard time downloading the pictures to the computer
no cover, no zoom lens, short battery life
No lens cover
NONE
Not a lot of features, screen uses battery power quickly
Picture sizes 
Noseprints on LCD viewer
No lens protection, get a good case
Red Eye, 4 MB card, and battery drainage.
Small memory card!
not without limitations, settings are lost when batteries are changed
Bit Hard to see blurred shots on LCD screen; Nose gets in way 
LCD prone to scratches.
Only comes with a 8mb smart card
Sucks batteries, the display is hard to see in bright conditions.
lens cover, dim display, 4Mb included media
Lens cover is weak.sucks power when viewing LCD screen
~ bulky size
Hard-to-read LCD display, tiny buttons, few manual controls, weak flash. All plastic construction.
lens cover scratches the body;unable to connect TV;TFT screen is hard to see under the sun;lack LCD display  on top of the camera
Terrible red-eye problem
poor standard battery life
Short Battery Life, Small Flash card included
Eh...batteries life and red eye (but read on)
Little memory.
have to keep it really steady
inside pictures are poor quality.
Short battery life
No video out, smallish vid screen
battery life
lack of video out, somewhat short battery life
small memory included
power drain, no usb port cover, 4MB smart media card, 
small memory card and eats through batteries, so you'll want to upgrade to rechargeable batteries and a 32 MB Flash Card.
eats batteries
A tad bit bulky
No TV interface.  4 MB card comes with it.
4mb card, grainy pics
bad placement of the status light
Not much memory, sucks serious battery
red-eye
Battery life
None, really
red eye, only 4mb supplied
4mb storage card
4mb storage card 
no case or adapter
battery life
Slow shutter speeds
have not found any yet
Hard to format disc, Battery life too short.
no lens cover
Glass lens "window" is a little exposed.
No Lens Cover, Lacking Advanced Features, Digital Zoom needs Improvement
No advance features and no lens protector
Too big for pockets, not much depth of field. Poor printing lower pixel settings.  
Takes time to install the software.
Need to study the protocols carefully, needs accessories, needs optical zoom
Menus are difficult, and still the limitation of being a digital camera.
Camera shape a bit awkward, some pictures come out too dark.
Needs larger capacity smartmedia, no optical zoom, distorts pictures slightly
No optical zoom, Lens unprotected, No cover, Battery consumption is high
Not so good picture under low light/night time
none
lack of optical zoom, clarity of viewscreen
Weak lens cover, small screen, drivers not available online.
None so far for me
I have None
Lens - only average quality
Short battery life, few advanced features.
Lens operation, firmware, shape.
Slow between pictures
not many really, does what it should at this price well
Like all digital cameras you have to wait between shots
need to buy more memory, rechargable batteries, battery charger and adapter, (all for about $100)
Delay in taking the picture after the shutter release is pressed.
Slippery Case, Poor Lens Cover Design,slow uploads
Screen is a bit dark, but not a real problem for me..
Short battery life, only comes with 8MB Card
battery power
As with any digital camera, buy rechargeable batteries and an adaptor.
Drinks battery juice, poor selection of OS interface.
hard to see LCD screen outside, needs more zoom
Very cheap and fragile lens cover, cheap fabrication.
None so far for me
no video clips
Slow, no AC Adapter, size, battery life
slow speed, poor low light performance
none found as of yet.....
Small LCD screen. 
Battery life is too short.  AC adapter is hard to find.  
Uses batteries quickly
Really requires rechargeable batteries.
battery use
nothing
Very fragile camera. Only 8 megs of memory, adapter and rechargeable batteries sold seperately.
May be more than some want to pay for a digital camera
Slow image construction time. Requires heavy pressure for shutter button to register.
The batteries don't seem to last very long.
Battery life, picture construction.
None yet
No real complaints, feels a little too "plastic-y", wish it was a little thinner
None yet
Viewfinder is a little small for my liking, flash requires some practice
None worth mentioning
Flash isn't great
thick shape is not as nice as Nikon 775; geared towards point &amp; shooters
Length between photos; No audio for movies
Image quality not as good as some other brands, cheap feel to body.
Lacks ISO settings / features for more advanced options.
Slightly thick chassis
have to be very still to take a great picture.
No sound for movies.
No audio in movie mode.
Poorly designed lens cover, no manual settings
Kinda blocky and non-ergonomic
none to write about
None...Camera would be perfect if a tad less bulky...
The lens cover gets in my way.
Seems to get a lot of red-eye
No video output, combined media card/battery compartment, menu driven operation  &amp;#13;&amp;#10; 
frequent battery recharge, no storage case, small chassis for large hands
sometimes difficult to get pix from camera to computer
The manual operations aren't great.
Cheap construction, confusing menus
battery life, lack of AC adaptor, clunky PC software
Low battery life, no audio for video
Flash a little weak.  No sound with movies(not a huge con).
Owner's manual very hard to follow, many revisions.
Battery Life is Not Long for One Charge
Dark indoor photos
2 mp, cheapy feel, lcd hard to see, bat life.
Not so good on Macros
6 months and I haven't found one.
AC adaptor optional (and necessary!), small memory card, battery life average.
LCD screen not very bright, No way to connect striaght to TV.
Poor Fuji support and very fragile camera.
menus are a little 'dumbed down'; cheap housing
NiMH Batteries, AC adapter not included.
not happy with battery use and zoom
Poor shutter control, terrible pictures using flash, terrible pictures using natural light indoors.
Slight Lag Between Pictures and Not Forgiving Of Shaky Hands.
Initial use of menu and functions slow with dead batt. 
Goes dead often with lens still extended
feels a little inexpensive, cannot plug into tv or other sources
A little bulky, flimsy lens (breaks very easily)
Too many settings require going through menus on the LCD
Image quality can be inconsistent, iffy low-light...build quality mediocre.
no adapter or case
no sound; no auto-scene modes
None
complex menu system.  LCD hard to read in bright light
viewfinder and LCD display a little too close to each other. 
No sound for movie feature.
battery life, and no sounds on short movies.
slightly large to hold
Could not achieve focus in normal household lighting situations.  Lens is not very sharp.
Not many
Rechargeable battery doesn't last long.
Included software poor.
Battery cover a little flimsy
Difficult to see LCD screen in bright sunlight.
Eats up regular AA batteries that are included. Better off with your own rechargeables.
Get some rechargeable batteries.
weak flash, limited macro, limited software
Proprietary memory modules. Body could be sleeker. Weak Software.
Few, if any
None considering the price.
Shutter lag, flash recharge time, and proprietary memory.
Quite bulky in width, horrible battery life.
Distorted near edges, slow flash charge, needs more buttons.
Slight blurring if you don't wait long enough for focus, Battery life, Dark LCD...
Batteries don't last long, Time in between picture shots.
Shutter Lag
Battery life is short, slow recharge between picture shots
Too much time between pictures, not enough buttons
flash is not overpowered, 7-8 second recycle time
Have to have lens cap opened to view pictures on display mode.
Slight lag between pictures, Not much software, Uses XD memory cards
Slow shutter speed, bad low light conditions.
Slow shutter speed sometimes.
Dark View Finder, Shutter Lag between Pictures, Limited Storage on Stock Card
Good luck trying to find more fugi rechargeable batteries. Memory cards are expensive.
Not Many, A little slow between Pictures
some pictures come out dark, not good for professionals
Battery life, better off with rechargeable batteries
Shape too thick, needed repair
Poor low light performance, overwhelming flash
Veiwfinder is a little off, hard to look through, camera is a battery eater.
Memory cards cost
No software included for detailed editing, but some editing available on album page
sliding lens cover has a sticking point
Take the damn picture already!!!
The camera broke after six months.
goes through AA batteries fast, difficult to LCD in bright lighting
not good for all light conditions, lacks advanced features, annoying menus, long reset time
Battery life, but you can improve this if you buy a AC Adaptor for downloads.
proprietary storage format, no rechargable batteries included
Too dark LCD display, battery life, usual functions hasn't own buttons
eats batteries quickly
No case included, battery life 
SUCKS FOR ME
Slow flash recharge.
Larger size than other cameras of similar quality on the market
Goes through batteries fast, dark display on LCD and optical viewfinder
UPDATE: My lens malfunctioned.
It can be a bit quirky, Mine malfunctioned.
Frames per second are a little slower than what it should be!
LCD display sometimes dark; low-light indoor shots difficult; removable lens cap
poor LCD display in low light, delay in shot
hard to see viewfinder/lcd in extreme lighting conditions
Poor visibility in dark rooms and no frame number memory
Few manual features
Not as many manual options or bells+whistles as others
haven't found anything yet.
Power button placement, macro mode sensitive
Batteries are consumed quickly, poor auto focus and LCD/EVF visibility indoors
awkward to hold
Battery Hog.  Slight pause before picture is actually taken.  Can't attach a telescopic lens.
Alkaline batteries lasted for only a few minutes
Grainy prints of flash or low-light photos.
Terrible pics in low light conditions, no LCD indication for battery charge., 
chunky, a bit unattractive
LCD/Electronic viewfinder is hard to see under certain lighting conditions.
lcd/viewfinder is dim in low lighting
Flash only reaches 10 feet, No built in lens cover, , , 
Uses batteries quickly.
Optical Viewfinder can be dark in low light, no automatic lens cover.
a little squarish and heavy
EVF hard to see in low light, weak lens cap, always resets frame numbering
Shot delay, no case. 
delay in taking photos, bad in low lighting, short battery life 
EVF is very dark in low light situations
Digital view finder can not display images in low light.
LCD/EVF very dark
Electronic View Finder and LCD don't work well in low light, bundled software isn't great.
Hard to locate subject in low light conditions
Slight picture delay. Memory card xD very small can be easily lost.  Camera is bulky
Lens cap is difficult to get back off.
No focus aid light, limited manual capabilities, and poorly designed macro mode  
Lack of manual control options, fixed ISO sensitivity (100)
battery direction markings, manual lens cap, manual flash pop-up
viewfinder, lens cap, feels toy-ish
Battery direction markings hard to read 
Bulky
Shutter lag, cant see through LCD/EVF in the dark.
Digital viewfinder (not optical), manual options, software
Have to agree with everyone the lens cap is terrible.
shutter, horrible lens cap, and settings
Battery doesn't give you much warning before it checks out. Less than 60 secs. 
Lens Cap faulty, Auto Focus not always working, meager 16Mb xD Card
Not for the expert photographer, comes with a small memory card
Can't think of any
Not sure there are any
Lens cap keeps falling off.
Viewfinder (night/low-light), Poor battery status indicators, Lens cap design
Shape is the only real drawback
Bad at photographing movement
None 
Another different memory card
Batteries seem to run down quick, flash pics stay dark until snapped.
No Black &amp; White or Sepia settings, (although you can use your software) 
The batteries seem to run down rather quickly in the camera
Motion shots aren't as good. Batteries go w/o notice. Lens cap.
lags a bit on shutter speed,  EVF is a little blurry,  auto focus needs tweeking.
Blurry pictures for minimal action shots; lag time.
none
LCD screen not as sharp as it could be.
No bracketing mode, No manual Zoom
Stuck on ISO 100! Can't take pictures indoors without flash or tripod
So far I haven't found any.
Hard to take low-light pictures.
Poor low light operation, should be rated at better than ISO 100
Flimsy lens cap
Haven't found any yet
Hard to figure out how to connect to computer, having problems and need tech support.
XD memory card, a little bulky, ASA (200 only), pics can be blurry without flash
Uses XD which isn't readily available, zoom is in awkward place
lens cap falls off easily
No docking cradle (USB cable only).
A vinyl case would be a nice standard accessory.
Battery kills time
Expensive, larger than Elph
Got brushed off and played phone tag with many people @ Fujifilm usa
can eliminate all shots if not careful with erase
No AC adapter
Small memory (Standard card) and no mechanical zoom
MP3 feature silly, Battery Life, Storage.
-limited storage, average camera performance, poor performance with alkaline
High Battery Usage, MP3 proprietary (must use included software and SmartDisk only.)
NO OPTICAL ZOOM, No carrying case, no folder browsing for images or mp3's
just above average picture quality, poor focus at night
Proprietary computer cable
sucks up battery energy, but rechargeables work great.
Colors are dull, not much manual control
limited resolution; flash
So small it is not taken seriously till the prints are produced
Shape takes a bit of getting used to.
I still think the prices I paid is to high.
wish it took better fast-moving pictures
Small lens apertures mean watch out for camera shake 
Blurry in low light.
For my use there are very few - close-ups only 20 cm
standerd charger is slow
Price, weak flash, limited resolution choices
Sucks up the AA's, flash power
kind of expensive
Awkward placement of zoom buttons; where's autopreview?
only average image quality
battery life is low
Expensive!
price
Won't focus in low light.
battery life
No access to raw pixels
Fails to live up to expectations
battery life 
using LCD screen drains battery
sticky flash door, sometimes hard to hold
battery-perhaps a Lithium cell instead
a bit pricey, movies don't play in standard Windows Media Player
Sucks up the batteries.  Flash doesn't automatically pop up if needed.
barrel distortion, no 1600x1200, blurry pictures, ergonomics, manual mode, usb jack, flash, no case
not highest resolution - Nikon 990, Olympus 3030 better  picture quality yet larger
expensive
no middle resolution setting
n/a
There are not cons that I can mention!
Auto focus requires some finesse, manual options are just a novelty
lens could be sharper at edges, focus sometimes tricky in low light
For new users menu is a bit confusing. Just read the manual!
Bit awkward to hold.
Weak flash light, non intuitive zoom control buttons, for amateurs only
Lack of shutter/aperature control. Complicated menu system for advanced features.
Difficult to focus in poor light conditions.
Poor focus, NOt easy to handle with 1 hand. Not enough Manual operation
Battery saver feature shuts off LCD too soon, battery life , electronic viewfinder
battery
Exif viewer and launcher are cumbersome, you will be frustrated trying to d/l w/USB port
Freezes computer during several times during USB transfer, grainy indoor pics, uses battery up quick
USB-cable offloading of IMGs is problematic; 'SmartMedia' storage cards are pricey; no image stablization.
Would be even better with an optical viewfinder an a few other options.
Short battery life
Smartmedia 64 megs limits number of pictures at highest resolution
Viewfinder impossible to use outside with sun glasses, and difficult without them
flash broken when purchased and had to be replaced
eats your hard-drive; relative expense of smart media cards, multimedia applications
The indoor shots look grainy, even with flash; no audio with video 
software glitch, no filter threads, quick power save, short battery life
battery, probably standard AA batteries would make it more versatile
Why spend so much when 4700 is better
niggling interface things, movie option is just a tack-on, almost TOO small for larger hands
Flash could have been a little more powerful, Definately need a 64MB Smart Card
Only comes with a 16MB card
Not fully Mac compatible, needs a bigger Smart media card
Distant Images Poor, Battery wears down quickly, Small and Awkward to Hold 
The instruction manual is a little vague in some sections.
Pricey, had trouble with the videos on my PC
None
Doesn't focus very well! Can't get help from Fuji. Battery is a step backwards.
None
none
viewfinder, no mic for video, limited shutter speed
Rather weak battery, inaccurate framing of viewfinder, charging stand not supplied
grainy viewfinder images, only comes with 8Mb SM card
Plasticky, no swivelling LCD, battery guzzler &amp; hot during operation
Long delay between flash recharges,&amp; only 16MB memory card.
flash as in all digitals inadequate
Slow boot. Slow charge on flash between pictures
terrible battery life. sluggish performance. electronic viewfinder. ISO 400 seems insufficient.
battery life
Power use, view finder, movie sound, availability, PRICE.
Still looking
No optical zoom, lens quality could be better
Addictive!
LCD display sucks batteries dry quick
none
Weak red-eye protection, no power adapter.
Dark viewfinder takes a lot of light to see indoor pictures
A lot of directions to read.
Not much of zoom function
A little "plasticy" in feel.  Red eye reduction mode doesn't work very well.
settings are confusing
Somewhat delicate, not given rechargeable batteries (as provided with some of the Fuji FinePix models)
spots in photos sometimes
Don't be lazy, read the review.
Battery life, no optical zoom
Not Very Many Features
Low Battery Life cumbersome menu navigation
low battery life
Eats up batteries with the LCD on + no power adaptor provided.
Short battery life
batteries used up very fast, no optical zoom
Read the review
None
battery life, smart media loads into battery area, no optical zoom
Cheap software, eats batteries, easy to accidentally turn on.
Battery Life
NONE
Can only record video for 20 seconds at a time.
Hard on batteries, difficult to use in low light conditions, useless zoom, limited picture quality
Fixed lens/no optical zoom, no sound capability, flash off only in manual 
2X digital zoom(so basically no zoom)
Images need color and/or brightness correction, little to no zoom.
Other models tend to be cheaper
Short battery life. No sound on video clips.
Dark=Bad, Camera Shake
no sound in the movie mode
It's digital. Some add ons are a must and cost more.
The movie (video) mode has no sound.  
Drains batteries very fast, does not take good close-up pictures.
Fixed ISO setting, Horrible movies
no case or a/c adapters included, software a little basic
No AC Adapter included. 
Movie mode not that great!
expensive memory
short battery life
no sound with digital movies (though the picture quality is good)
$599 MSRP.
Automatic white balance indoors and menu system.
Video out on docking station, lack of PAL, fast charger costs extra
the usual small-camera cons: some red eye, just ok flash, smaller battery
Layout, battery.
Menus are small.
Some red eye
Vertical format shape and 8 way selector take getting used to.
no more NP-80 battery, docking cradle costs extra
Auto Focus problems; Shutter Speed in Auto mode. 
5-hr recharge time, microphone pick-up not sensitive enough, no pouch
n/a
slow uploading unless you have a card reader
uses batteries faster than you can sneeze, no zoom
Occasional frame errors.
Better get Ni-Cad batteries
can't think of any
no built in zoom, simplistic software
need that AC adapter
eats up batteries pretty quickly, like any other digital camera
Poky serial interface, dumb lens/flash positioning.
Can't stop taking pictures I'm hooked :)
Need to get other products to support it
no lense cover
Waterspots on some pictures, battery life could be better, hard to capture close-up photos, upload to computer on the slow side.
image size, slow uploading, 'weird' looking photos
Inconsistent picture quality
slow
No lens
Battery life
Digital as vs. Optical zoom, slow download speed using serial cable
No optical zoom, batteries go fast, weak flash
None that I can find
Can not create TIFF files
Drains batteries fast, no lense cover, no case.
occasional water spot.
Slow download, addictive.
Optical viewfinder edges aren't well defined, but that's IT!
batteries go quick
not usb, no carrying case or video output
MEMORY IS LIMITED.
lots a money to carry around
none
Power cord adaptor not included
None
goes through the battery's
Fuzzy pictures
change batteries often, pictures larger than 8x10 loose detail
none so far
sucks up batteries
extras you need
no cons
Finding accessories difficult
Battery life not long enough
small memory
Could include carrying case...
battery life, transfer speed
None!
Small LCD screen, short battery life
no optical zoom
I wish it had a burst mode like the olympus d-340-r to allow for fast action and recording of sporting events. I can learn to live without it especially since the quality of the printed pictures is so much better than the Olympus.
Smart media card storage
Getting over switching from film to disk
Poor quality and eats batteries
Want to take pic's all the time
battery life, smartmedia card is way too small
Fuji using an un-essential 5V AC adapter, available only from them! Sounds fishy...
Small memory card and poor zoom mode
Slow download time &amp;amp; somewhat degredation in photos in poorly lit rooms
no lens cover
None
Strictly JPEG file format
poor picture quality
No optical zoom. SM card too small.
See above :)
slow transfer time
Slow onboard camera - computer transfer, picture shown in LCD screen prior to shot is a bit brighter than the final image, no lense cover
Useless bundled software, no DC cord included, zoom is kinda weird, not feature laden
Costly power adapter!
Need extra tool for fast image transfer
bad zoom
Eats Batteries
Sometimes light spots on photos
Smartmedia storage, LCD drains batteries quickly, very little zoom.
poor picture quality, questionable quality control
Fuzzy pictures
dial seems flimsy...
Batteries?????
No Case. Lens is vulnerable to damage.
May need accessories, camera starting to show age
Uses a serial port to transfer, no DC adapter in package.
Very poor battery life, the zoom function is terrible and unfortunately the list goes on
no lens cover, have to buy lots of accessories to get up to speed
Doesn't have a flash
Lack of sync plug and firewire, uses too many batteries, very fragile, ISO 320
Heavy. Don't drop it, plastic case, but as good as the N65!
none i have found
Not quite as indestructible as higher priced cameras, 6.1 megapixel myth
125'sec flash syncro., 320 ISO...
N60 body, ISO 320, no spot meter, Menus and operation are not intuitive.
price
As any flexible camera, that is with many controls and posibilities, NOT for newcomers, not for point and shooters. Instruction manual fairly good, Nikon has used video on halide cameras to help learn many controls; may be Fuji should do same.
I didn't find any yet.
F60 body, ISO 320 is the lowest rating
some bleeding at high res
A storage and power hog. It can get expensive fast.
Sucks battery power...Ni-MH rechargables are essential.  Storage expensive unless you use IBM Microdrive.
3.3m effective pixels, high price, missing some useful features
The S602 is a real power hog
Too slow for sports, zoom not that hot, no protective filter
Nothing I can think of
Could use focus assist light for dark focusing
Finding one with all the extras at the lower price
Power hog, micro size and fumbility
Limited to 3.1 MP
Power hug, low-light focusing leaves some to be desired, no firmware upgrades
But try something as simple as attaching a protective UV Filter.
Can take some time to learn all the features.
A little bulky, uses batteries quickly, takes several seconds to turn on/off
NONE
Eats batteries like candy
No zoom during movie mode; many CF cards not compatible with movie mode
No auto-focus assist lamp, fixed (non-moveable) LCD screen
1. Careful reading of documentation a MUST , 2. Will Fuji build a star in follow-up?
Poor low-light focusing ability, power hungry
Slow or difficult low light focusing, Manual focus lag, No PC Socket?
Camera is a bit heavy.  Flimsy lens cap.
Price was a bit steep, and only comes with a 16mb card.
None
Reviewing more than 100 pictures at a time can be a little slow
$800 is still a lot, despite that its a GREAT VALUE compared to the competition
Insane number of features, pretty intense battery usage
None yet
Manual focus is tricky, not true 6.1 MegaPixel
None
out of focus in low light sometimes(minor)
small size takes some getting used to
Internal mains charger
Not durable, poor picture quality, poor flash.
Cons: Sometimes pictures have too much red to them. Zoom is not very good either. If you are not real close to subject, picture is blurry.
None
still doesn't come close to 35mm
No USB
Short battery life, usability of display outdoors
Uneven results indoors, under low-light conditions
No USB, Menu a bit confusing
weak flash, poor for people with big hands
Slow parallel port speeds - No USB
Everything!
Don't drop it!! Second battery might be needed
Less features than competition, Up-close image quality concerns, Different aspect ratios in support resolutions 
None
none
Slow downloading
none
Keep your 35mm too
The flash is always on, flash in big rooms not sufficient
heavy for its size
Refer to this epinion.
People will be jealous.
Slow upload port, red-eye feature doesn't work as promised
Still haven't figured out how to change the clock from AM to PM
No real zoom, slow to download
no USB, only 8MB included
No RAM
No optical zoom, No USB
short battery life
Battery life [but see review].
Lack of USB and others
No USB and no optical zoom, not great in low light
slow serial port,zoom lens, processing high resolution
cheap construction, mediocre JPEG's,poor design,poor LCD
Poor image quality
Slow display
poor image quality, weak flash, dark dull shots
Slow f stop at F4 which is wide open.
Slow
Slow speed. complex controls, slow mode interchanges
Delay in capturing image, battery
manual lens cap
need more zoom!
rather dark optics, a bit slow&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Slower awkward settings than other FUJI's
Slow recycle time between shots. No optical zoom.
slow picture taking
flash range, slow downloads, battery bills
No zoom
MX 500 has no zoom
does not have optical zoom, flash not strong enough for far pictures, 3 second delay before you can shoot another picture, no mpeg mode
Slow to download, no zoom or special features
doesn't always work in all lighting conditions
Flash limitations, Short Battery Life, No Optical Zoom, Slow Image Transfer
Short battery life, slow transfer rate, EXPENSIVE peripherals/add-ons
Indoor pictures have slight reddish cast
Battery Life
spotty quality on some photos, prints not great
upload to computer is slow
Weak flash and only a 2 MB card with unit
Flash-work less reliable; picture quality sags. 
No optical zoom
last years model, more memory cards needed 
None that I have found yet.
Should ship with bigger mem card
must read manual, battery
battery life limited
Resolution size can't compete with new models
A little too little
open front
Very hard to handle... only 2 reclines
Stroller only reclines in two positions
Only two positions on stroller, Car seat gets heavy, No infant head support.
A little difficult to assemble
There were no weight/height specifications that I saw in the directions or on the box.
none
Not good for outdoor use.
Buckle difficult to release; basket hard to access when stroller seat is reclined
Many parts to keep up with
breaks easily
drink tray jiggles a little bit
Not the greatest walking stroller.
There's no light version for 2 kids and the basket snaps don't stick.
My trunk opening is narrow so getting it in the trunk is a hassle
back brakes are not the greatest
none
Hard to push and maneuver
nothing
too big for trunk, seat does not fit on shopping carts
only one recline position, seat belt sticks and doesn't seem sturdy
Not good for use in tight places
NONE
none
not easy to open and close
Basket on the Bottom isn't big enough to hold Diaper bags
only reclines to two positions
not available in nursery themes
Has trouble with large bumps
plastic scrapes
It's pretty big, but it's still really great
Stroller squeaks sometimes
Questionable long term durability
Priced a bit high, but worth every penny.
Squeaking wheels! pad rests on ground when folded
heavy, not easily cleaned.
wasn't the first stroller I bought
?
Window on top of canopy is smaller makes it harder to see child
Takes up most of your trunk space
Front tray scratches floor.
Lots of assembly, hard to navigate takes up half the trunk
not sturdy, break easily
I don't have any :)
too uncomfortable
none
None
None
Limited recline features, awkward folding mechanism
not a real wide color or pattern variety
Feeder tray rests on ground when folded
pad slips, unaccessible basket, folding causes pad to be on floor
Wobble wheels, no adequate sunshade
none
NONE =}
difficult to adjust recline with one hand, when folded it rests on the snack tray
VERY large when folded, small basket underneath
Heavy, big
Bulkly, Heavy,&amp; Costly.
Bulky when folded, difficult to maneuver as children get older, no adult key/drink tray.
heavy and takes up lots of space
Bulky, heavy,  basket should be made better.
Heavy, big
None.
Does not fold very compact.
No cup holder, rear window in canopy
The wheels get stuck sometimes when you try to fold it up.
Will not fit in the truck of an Escort
The material is uglier than sin.
Takes up a lot of storage space in trunk. 
Pay extra for the infant seat, bulky
somewhat pricey
pricey, bulky
None!
Squeeeeeeky, and then some
A little cumbersome
Takes up a lot of trunk space
Only can be pushed from behind and sun gets in babys eyes.
not enough designs
Can only use the seat portion with infants up to 20 lbs.
big wheels take up room
Bulky.  Cost.
None really
large for car trunk, squeaky wheels, baby food tray scratched.
the infant car seat design is poor, tray pops off easily
fabric wore out easy and the padded seat comes off with time
Bulky, heavy, takes up alot of trunk space.
bulky, heavy, hard for short people to fold, wide
Seat belt is hard to adjust, minimal cushioning
the basket in the bottom of the stroller will tear if packed to much
Difficult to manuever&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Can be Bulky
Flimsy Straps, small adult cupholder, very difficult to steer and turn.
heavy infant carrier, takes up storage space
Got a little squeaky after 6 months of use.
The car seat is very small my son grew out of it in four months.
Tray hits ground when folding, soft squeak in wheels after some use.
Very large-hogs alot of car space, not very "cute" patterns.
big and bulky, takes up a lot of trunk space
straps hard to adjust, have to remove both adult and child cupholders to fold
Squeaks.  Hard to take apart to clean!  
scrapes
Chintzy fabric
It squeaks a little after 1 year of walking 1 mile with it almost everyday
Brakes are two separate levers, hard to adjust seat belt
Storage rack under seat not fully accessible when seat in full recline
None that I have come across
It falls apart after 4 months and it becomes to heavy to carry
none!!!!
bulky in trunk
larger babies don't fit as nicely.
Wears out quickly, and difficult to clean
Takes up TONS of trunk space
Stroller is kind of heavy.
bulky when folded up
expensive, bulky, and heavy
The stroller is really big and hard to maneuver through shopping isles in department stores.
takes up alot of trunk space
Slightly cumbersome
Bulky
Some minor flaws, but nothing major
minor inconveniences found in almost any stroller
Still a little heavy to lift.
Can be difficult to remove infant seat from base and from stroller, 3 point harness
The carseat head support is a bit awkward; not for babies over 26 inches
Hard to find due to demand.
I have not had any problems with this product.
The car seat gets outgrown by 3 months!!
Can't stand it up in the folded position like other strollers
Stroller is not suited for a toddler, wheels squeak, stroller does not seem sturdy 
As with most strollers, it takes up some space in the car
a little on the heavy side when carrying
two-handed release to fold
nothing to big to mention
I must say that this stroller has very ugly patterns.  It can also be bulky.
none that I've found yet
One hand folding difficult, cumbersome carseat/carrier
base difficult to install
stroller a little awkward to close
Sunshade on stroller could be larger
Bulky
Not something you can tuck under your arm if you're running to catch a train or subway, getting into a taxi, or just  when traveling. 
heavy and bulky
handle is high for a shortie like me!
you'll still need a travel stroller; addtn'l bases only avail. by mail
flimsy stroller, stroller doesn't recline
a little more storage needed
Bulky and heavy
folding could be a problem for some.
nothing really bad to say about it
Frequently overused and akward to carry
booklet
A little heavy, takes up alot of room
It is sort of big and awkward and can sometimes be hard to set up.
the big wheels make it bulky
Not all that I can see.
Large, heavy, wheels squeak
flimsy, mine broke
A lot of money for nothing, not much space, bad steering
Heavy and a little bulky in trunk.
handle on carrier
None
need both hands to fold or unfold!
Heavy stroller
heavy, bulky, folding hazards
Bulky, not free-standing when folded
The car seat is hard to carry when your child gets above 14-15 pounds
Everything about it.
not as compact as an umbrella stroller
None!!!!
Carrier is a bit heavy--but all models seem to be.  
The seat adjustment is tricky 
Can be bulky, non-reversing handle and canopy
Not enough reclining positions
Carseat itself is quite heavy for carrying around without the stroller
Fabric design not the prettiest around.
Squeaking Wheels and bulky
Falls apart
Somewhat heavy, not for sportcars with tiny trunks
Pretty big for trunk, squeaky wheels
stroller is bulky and takes alot of cargo space
none for me
Car seat awkward to carry
A little wide.
Alittle Bulky to get out of the car. Car Seat is a Bit Heavy.
None 
Baby almost fell out of stroller onto a cement floor.
slightly expensive
Expensive
Difficult to steer &amp;amp; fold, heavy
bigger than the usual stroller
minor
expensive
Underneath Storage Basket Is Small
non
no reversible handle, 2 seat positions
Wheels squeak, rests on tray when stored
heavy, bulky, only 2 recline options
Just that the baby out grows the car seat
Need to buy a car seat after 20lbs.
Squeaky wheel, which was replaced.
Bulky
size
Needs a pointable sun umbrella
To big and bulky
takes up a lot of space in trunk
Car seat a little bulky
Big wheels
could fold a little easier
Plastic Tray Gets Scratched Too Easily When Folding It.
drink holders don't work very well
Stroller folds up funny
stroller can be a bit heavy when floded down
Heavyweight
tray easily scratched
rear brakes
Very pricey
carrier straps are too small
Too BULKY,wheels squeaked and stuck alot.Not very easy to open and close!
Takes up a lot of trunk space, but probably not more than most.  
Large when folded, takes up over a third of my trunk space (mid-size auto).
Wheels do crack; seat will turn moldy if not properly dry.
No legrest, basket hard to get to when seat fully reclined.
Needs viewing window for canopy. Basket impossible to reach when fully reclined.
one hand fold shouldn't be a selling point, canopy
Canopy could be larger, recline takes getting used to
basket is inaccessable when seat is all the way down
Canopy, recline and storage basket.
None I can think of.
Hard to reach basket
Basket inaccessible when using with infant car seat
Fades and falls apart
Spill prone parent's drink holders, in-accessible storage basket when car seat is installed.
not as nimble after a couple of months
Only front wheels swivel, handlebar not reversible.
Flimsy
Small basket, a bit tricky to collapse.
Not many!
No window in canopy, no 5-point harness
Still a little bulky
Heavy and bulky for smaller cars, rear is a little open on the stroller.
Bottom of stroller has a plastic bumper that pops off sometimes!
pricier than some, limited patterns available
Hassle getting into and out of trunk
clunky and awkward to carry
Poorly designed
Takes up a lot of room in trunk
Straps for the carseat are a bit short, had to order extensions
Pricey; Folded stroller not stable when left standing; Short harness strap
Straps on car seat too short
Takes up alot of space, Straps are too short on carseat, Mediocre Stroller
Fairly expensive cartridges.
Ink cartridges expensive
Not a laser printer
Need better support for network printing in NT and 2000
It's life expectancy is SHORT
a little pricey
Price, Ink Cartridges are more expensive
Moderately Larger Footprint; Upper Price Range
no USB, minor issue
Expensive Ink Cartridges and Print heads when needed replaced
Doesn't like envelopes and wish it had greater paper tray capacity.
Absolutely flakey, secret HP policy reference printhead replacement.
noisy, slow, expensive, print heads only available online
Large, but understandable due to &amp;#13;&amp;#10;12X18 prints
A little noisy, large footprint, no bi-directional support with WIN XP
Expensive at first but this IS a business printer after all.
NONE
Price; printed documentation; printhead locking lever; rear manual feed tray.
Worst customer service anywhere.
Rear feed, absence of "no border" printing, paper tray is clumsy (marginal complaint)
Initial cost, physical size, no ColorSync support
Buggy hardware, buggy software.
Prints crooked , can't print to edge  , not waterproof , no user manual
Slow first page, very big machine, expensive
too big for the home desktop, loud and noisy, draws a lot of power
Pricey printer and comsumables
up front price is shocking, however pays for itself in little amount of time
Toner is a little on the expensive side.
noise, speed
You will never be able to move it again
Takes about 3-4 minutes to warm up.
large, expensive for individuals
Noisy; big and heavy
Warm up time
None
ghosting still occurs
wewweefc
Not much in this category....price for some.
warm up time, big area
It's big
it's more than a bubblejet, but wait till you see the quality!
Speed, noise, display of remaining lifetime of consumables
Long warm up times.
Color is addictive.
Very heavy and big.  Slow to return from standby.  
BIG (not well-suited for sitting on the desk) 
Home Power outlet may be inadequate. See HP specification. 
Long Warm Up Time/Slow First Page to Print in Color
Big, heavy, expensive, requires a lot of power.
Typical Home power not suitable, Warm-up times
Constant PAPER JAMS
expensive upfront cost and consumerables, slow to warm up out of standby mode
none
Sometimes a little too strong for light sheets of paper.
Extremely poor software, difficult to abort print jobs.
Problems with thick paper stock
Black is more of a really, really dark gray. Large footprint.
Expensive compared to other printers
Slow
Quick, but not FAST.
bulky in size due to large paper size
Haven't  found any...................yet.
None that I have found to this point
won't easily bleed to bottom edge of paper
annoying blank feeds, jams on cheap paper
Fast, accurate printing, versatile
None if you have space for one!
minor issues regarding paperhandling with thick paper.
fast mode is marginally noisy.
Short power cord, takes up lots of desk space
Format compatibility - issues with EPS files
May be a little expensive for some.
None so far except it's kinda ugly
cheap made, jams occasionally
Black cartridge must be purchased separately. Jams probable if only one sheet is fed in.
none found yet, had to toss out my good 4 in 1 hp .....
Stopped working one month after warranty expired.
No black ink, must be purchased seperately. No USB2.0 cable included, must be purchased seperately.
Sometimes has trouble taking in paper and shakes a lot when it prints
It Broke!!!
Expensive Ink Cartridges!
Flaw in design that causes the printer to die in a short time
lasted 5 months, then broke. total ink HOG!!! 
none yet
None
poor hardware design, poor software functions. expensive inks and low pages/cartridge rate
Maintenance costs, collaboration
Flimsy, expensive to keep replacing ink
none yet
Surprisingly loud
none yet
Black ink is not waterproof, no greyscale mode.
TINY, un re-fillable inkjet cartridges.
Won't print sometimes, including right now. Makes a swirling noise and smears ink.
Cheap design/hardware, moving parts actually came loose and fell out.
Windows driver have problem, ink catridge seem not have long life.
None.. at all
Not truly 'photo-quality'
Haven't found any yet...
Worst operating cost of any printer on the market: #15 cartridge is a scam #45.
No 4x6 photo slot, with this print quality, it should be there!
Occasionally won't print or skips pages
Can't think of any.
Not real 4800 dpi! (it's almost impossible)
Nothing so far.
does not come with the USB cable for installation, must be bought separately
HEAVY!
INK IS TOO DAMN EXPENSIVE!!!
Not too loud, but not the quietest either.
Not the best HP Product!
Somewhat noisy when adjusting itself
Paper load is a bit touchy, , * Printer Software CD 
Runs out of ink quickly
big, design, no usb cable
Slow to start.  Bloated software.
Slower print speeds than opposition, Ink carts expensive
slow, wet pages come out from printer. 
Rapid fading on certain papers if left unprotected.  Difficulties with paper loading.
expensive ink.
Noisy, a little confusing to set up.
Loud, Not a Photo Quality Printer, No Printer Cable.
none
Print quality is lessened unless using expensive paper
low dpi, Prints slow, Un-reliable
can't seem to change the color....
Low Resolution
very slow
slow, poor quality, poor paper feed, expensive in long run
Jams/uses a lot of ink
Change out cartridges for black/color, slow
Low resolution text, pale color, slow
ink runs sometimes, envelope settings wrong
low quality printing
Color cartridges are high cost
as always pricier than comparable lines
doesn't work somtimes
Black OR color printing
everything else is better
jams at times if paper isn't in straight
Paper jams more often than amount of prints made!
None yet.
expensive ink costs!, seems to take up more desk space because of UFO design
It's a bit annoying that you have to change cartridge for photo printings.
Adding paper could be easier
Cartridge system, flimsy design.
Not many: Flimsy plastic, goofy network install, critical alignment tough
Large footprint, Win2000 buggy,no cables
You have to swap black and photo cartridges, they go in the same slot
Not many: Flimsy plastic, goofy network install, critical alignment tough
Big, flimsy output tray, no USB cable included
Ink cartridges small and slightly expensive.
Cartridge price
no dedicated black cartridge with the photo cartridge, expensive ink
Ink cartridges smaller, but still pricey. Slightly flimsy.
Steep prices for replacement ink cartridges.
Expensive Ink Cartridges
expensive consumables, like most inkjets
paper loading is difficult
Ink cartridges are rather small, advertised PPM is slower that actual. 
missing apple driver, no USB cable included
A little on the bulky side.
Lackluster color, HORRIBLY expensive ink.
Grey color shows dust BADLY, ink prices are outrageous, and no refills, or generics available.
Color ink cost
none
Wears out quickly.
Cartridges are slightly expensive (probably due to printer head built onto them).
Unable to print on goldenrod color paper! 
Inkjet Cost/Page, Miss Piggy power brick, no USB cable, OK text, S L O W
Uses Ink Faster Than Any Other Printer I've Seen., Bulky.
Large footprint, buy your own cable, HUGE transformer on power cord
The Cost Of Ink Is A Little Below Average
Ink cartridges are more expensive
Ink cartridges are small, otherwise a great printer!
Ink Cartridge costs
takes up a lot of space on a desk
Expansive ink!, only 19ml of black ink, cover plastic\ink holders tends to brake.
Short-lived ink cartridges; better for photos and reports than plain text., 
AC power adapter is poorly designed
As with all inkjets, cartridge cost
Decides to go crazy sometimes, printing obscure things.
Some "design" issues.  Cartridge life.  Expensive cartridges.
As with most color inkjet printers HP's are a bit on the pricey side.
not the best quality, some jams, LOUD
Product useless, warranty is a joke!
Loud AC adapter, slightly wrinkles paper
Slower than I would like
Very Poor Item and Unfair fees from  Customer  Service
ink eater
poor printing quality
Still too noisy, &lt;i&gt;These cartridges cost how much!!??&lt;/i&gt;
can only use either black OR color cartridge at one time
It is HP
Poor quality, slows PC system to a crawl, print excruciatingly slow
Needs special ink for even halfway decent photo results.  Very slow when printing photos.
not the best out there
poor photo quality
A little noisy
a little noisy, photo output a little too dark.
a little slower than other hp printers- but no snail
Loud as anything I have ever heard! As slow as Mother Theresa to a strip joint.
Slow, low resolution printing
Everything
it is SLOW, and the ink is not cheap
Slow printing process
rejects ink cartridges when turned off
A little slow
Ink Jet Cartridges are Expensive
noisy, 
none yet
no problems
Poor Quality on Photos, Slow
trouble feeding paper
Very noisy and shaky when printing
Noise level, envelopes jam when printing
ink tends to run
Fair quality photos and noisy
Doesn't do much besides print
printing photos, customer service
Cost of operation
Smearing, bad print quality, noise, refusing to print, printing worthless symbols &amp;amp; characters
It does require a little effort on your part......
black ink smears sometimes in mine
cartridge price, size of printer
always claims to be out of paper
None
Unreliable, is not compatible with many software programs 
Slow speeds, photo cartridge is not a true**Photo Ret II
None for the price
Slow, horrible quality, terrible machine
ink availability, slow on images
Doesn't work very often
cost of replacement ink cartridge
Slow
Color good, but not not as good as you may need
Noisier than my Canon, pulls more than 1 sheet of paper through at a time.
Doesn't work with many programs
needs new ink carts every so often as do all printers
none
Bad longevity, and poor value for the money
slow
Speed
color quality and dpi are lame, price too high for the unsatisfactory results, and VERY NOISY!
a bit slow
SLOWWWWW
Doesn't print extremely fast, although it isn't slow either.
Noisy, slow and clunky.  No USB.
Slllowwwwww, unable to really multi-task
can't find anything negative to say about this printer
A little slow, occasional software problems and hard to figure out.
EVERYTHING ELSE!!!!
reliability, bulky
Big and bulky
don't know of any
Noise, Feeding problems, rough operation
poor photo quality, slow
occasional smears, grainy graphics, large margins
large footprint, inadequate memory
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Horrible black and white printing
Too slow, no compatibility with other printer cables, color quality isn't too great
Only if ink were cheaper (all ink)
none
Slow, CPU intensive printer driver, ink cartridge cost.
Can slow pc down
None.
print quality, slow printing, warranty
Not a reliable printer with shor warrenty and bad print quality
Takes two cartridges like most, they are expensive
Slightly grainy
It takes a LONG time to print anything in the best quality mode.
Slow and loud - well, louder than my previous printer.
Slow and unreliable
Slow and unreliable
No good Win2k driver, Slow
USB can be difficult to hook up if you don't know what you are doing
A slow printer with low resolution and expensive ink cartridges.
Rather slow and frustrating.
none to speak of
not the greatest speed
Slow!!!
A bit noisy, it's kinda big compared to some printers
Expensive cartridges, low quality, slow.
Poor image quality? slow.
Prints pretty slowly when printing in high quality
Slow,    not as clear as the other deskjets.
Slow. Noisy. Flimsily built.
Rather noisy, expensive cartridges, color prints are slow
Takes a long time to print a page, noisy, several steps to install.
Pages print slow whether they are black and white or color. The quality is poor.
It &amp;quot;thinks&amp;quot; a while before it prints.
Lackluster photo reproduction (to be expected in this price range)
slow color print speeds
None
$35 ink cartridges and expect to have repairs done.
ticks, false paper jams, bad connections
I haven't found anything I didn't like
Easy to smear ink, small amount of paper held, envelopes difficult to use
ink runs out too quickly, loud, unstable, printing is terrible
poor quality
Slow, often streaks and runs
noisy,good only for individual users and SoHo users
mines a little broken =(
It seem to use up the black ink a little fast.
hogs system resources, poor print quality, poor text quality, smudges, smears while printing, no network use, no ram
a few problems here and there, but who said I was a technology whiz!
Slow yet below average picture printing
slightly shakes when printing
It's not the top-of-the-line printer.
no complaints
No onscreen display of cartridge usage, so you know when you're getting low.
Nothing much.
cost of the ink.
Not as fast as the 800 series HP printers
bad at printing graphics, broke after 3 months
Have to use Hewlett Packard supplies
doesn't like to share with other printers
?
none that I can see
no auto-shut off, single feed for envelopes
slow, only &amp;quot;ok&amp;quot; quality
may not be the best for intricate graphics
Color printing takes longer
occasional ink smears
Occasionally hangs up, cartridges are expensive
goes thru the ink!
i print too much
a little slower than more expensive units
not perfect
Words come out Smeared, Printing erros, Ink comes out fuzzy
says it is out of paper when it isn't
a little slow &amp;amp; expensive refills
Poor software
EVERYTHING
Cost of Cartridge 
Speed is a bit leisurely.
shape, not the sharpest quality
none
Too much noise, slows computer down, shakes my printer stand
Not so good color quality compared to equally priced Canons etc. and EXPENSIVE ink cartridges.
none for the price
waste of paper, bad printout, black and white only
none
EVERYTHING
You get what you pay for
Can Streak/ Fair Quality Print
Color ink cartridges are expensive
Only medium quality, and sometimes mismatches colors (usually only if ink cartridges are low).
Streaking constantly
None
Not the highest definition print available
Ink Streaks
Does not handle color well, is very very loud when printing.
jams a lot and broke fast
Noise, lowered quality over time.
not good for professional picture applications, slows down your computer when running
yellow light, loud
read opinion for further details, too many to list here.
HP DeskJet 697C
LOUD, bulky
Never know when it will work
HP corporate anti-customer policy
cartridges, but I think they are all expensive!
slow speed, paper jams
Haven't found any yet.
It wasn't free (only thing I could think of)
low ink reserves
Price of cartridges
cost of ink
Havent had any
The price is higher than some brands.
none
none
Installation program is terrible. 
lousy design on paper tray
none
Photo quality limited to higher end papers
i cant think of any
none
Very inconvenient in DOS
drivers?
3 pages per minute color
No USB
Side to side action sometimes shakes desk
better options available
drivers Bi-directional  conflict with NT 4.0
None so far.
slow color printing
Can be pricey for the ink cartlidge
none to date
customer service leaves room for improvement
can think of none unless you want real speed
slow color print time, especially high definition
slow at printing pictures
I have not found any yet
None
size and shape
Average color printing quality
Cartridge cost and waste of two of three colors
none
$25 - $35 for a replacement ink cartridge
printer cable that you have to buy separately
Can't think of one
awkward size
printer software better on the Cannon
Only works with Windows
small ink cartrige
Can be a little slow when put into &amp;quot;Best&amp;quot; mode
not too fast
none
nothing!
Color printing is slow
slow
712C has no USB, cartridges cost money!
slower processing
Poor picture quality, eats up ink cartridges fast 
Ink cost
Not the fastest printer
Not real fast, small paper tray
Don't have any at this time!
none
None to speak of.
a little slow
none stands out.
Slower than LaserJets
a little slow
Size and ink cartridge cost
sometimes the littlest things can screw it up
Shakes a lot, slow when printing a lot of color, cartridges can be expensive
none at all
Ink cartridges are expensive.
Size of printer itself
May not be the newest printer on the market... hey, it's a classic!
None I can think of..
they don't give them away
Noisy.  Won't take heavy card stock.
HP does not have an 800 number for tech support
It won't dust itself!
The Limited Choice of colors on the case
Speed and low (not for professional purposes) quality
A little bulky
There are better printers out there.
Same as other printers:  expensive toner!
Paper tray only "likes" a few sheets.
Prints too slow
Drivers
Refills are very expensive
Photo printing a little slow
None
None that I have  noticed
Pain in the rear to set up over a network.
none
Needs frequent black ink change
cost of cartridges
not as fast as some might like
slow
Slow printing on photo paper
not photo quality
It runs out of ink and I have to wait!!!!
Printer gets noisier as it ages.
discontinued
As always, you have to maintain it, and be diligent on making sure the software that runs it won't crash.
Only con is that they no longer sell these.
Small paper tray.
none I've found
small paper cartridge
could be faster, S-H-A-K-Y
A little slow on the color, vibrates a bit
Don't think there are any to this one.
None come to mind.
does not print like a laser printer
Printer takes a little longer to print out color projects
none
Slow for high quality pictures
none
None!
Not as fast as laser printers
Cost of cartridges, print size
Slow when printing color.
Curling of Pages
no cons what so ever
Too big for my small desk
It's not a laser, but it doesn't cost as much either.
Windows Driven (memory dependant), no DOS printing
none
Using standard quality paper, ink can smudge until dry (which only takes a few seconds)
Small paper tray (100 sheets)
uses CPU for image processing
Printer cartrige cost.
none
None
um...... a little on the expensive side
None
none
ink is slow compared to laser
It doesn't fax!
nothing
Non really.
Not Much - Parallel Connection :-(
None!
not expensive enough!
Cartridges are really expensive
Only holds 10 envelopes
does not hold a lot of paper
very expensive printer cartidges
cost of ink cartridges
A little slow if your in a hurry
Horrendous memory usage, destabilizing in multitasking environment.
can be slow on big projects
I don't know
Many Paper Jams, A Long wait on pictures
1.Low-Res pictures won't look good on this printer. 2.slow on photo jobs. 
Difficult installation, software interface
expensive
Easy to use
Color sometime off on color prints
a little slow
none
None that I've found
Copies dry a little slow sometimes so be careful
None
None
A little slow
none
Color is good for a home unit, but not professional
None
none
burns through ink when not in draft mode
Software is a bit difficult to install, cannot use on Mac
Small paper tray, expensive ink cartridges, always a new &amp;amp; better model on the market
nothing specific to this printer, just drawbacks of inkjet printers in general
Shakes a little too much
None that I can think of
NONE!
A little slow on best quality
Print cart. are expensive (every brand is)
Jammed trying to print on fabric..
Small paper capacity. Only holds 50 or so sheets at a time.
not too many!
Can't be repaired except at HP
Use a rubber mat to stop the slight shaking.
None
None to date
Replacing ink is expensive
Not PHOTO quality
Noisy and shaky
Reliability, bad drivers, expensive ink
noisy, slow, and shakes a lot
Average print speed
A little slow
pricey cartridges 
Easy to atomize when thrown into high-speed traffic.
ink price
Can't match the power of today's DeskJet printers
Ink Cartidges are expensive
Slower than some, no USB support, 3 colors in one cartridge
none that I've found
Printer is slow &amp; the drivers lock up
There is absolutely nothing negative to say about the DeskJet 722c.
None
None come to mind.
Ink cartridges are expensive.
None!
Cartridges are a bit expensive
Software hard to install when using USB cables
Expensive ink cartridges, boring look
Doesn't come with cables...you must buy yourself ( I suggest USB if you have win98 or higher)
Sometimes slow, and awkward
Not capable of doing high quality pics
High cost of black ink
none
limited technical support, slow printing speed
Can't get inkjet printed paper wet!
none
Needs expensive paper
I go through cartridges quickly
expensive cartridges, has problems with using refill kits,
expensive ink cartridges, no cables included
ink is expensive, sometimes screws up pages
Ink cartridge prices. Unit quality.
Overpriced ink cartridges, slow
none found
Replacement Cartridges Are High
Slow on big graphics
A nuisance aligning the ink cartridges
Why do I get this random form feed?
Can't think of any cons
Continuous problems with printing
No printer cord included
Paper jams sometimes, bad rollers
Ink is a little expensive
Speed
Cartridges are expensive
Not too fast
Small black ink cartridge that's not as universal and slightly more expensive.
Cost of cartridges
Slow on some graphics
slow to start printing, small paper tray
INK REFILLS ARE NOT CHEAP
Small Paper Tray, Only one USB.
Ink is expensive
may not be the newest or fastest 
small ink cartridges
None
None.
Boy those cartridges are pricey!
None
black cartridge hard to find
small, exopensive ink cartridges
random noises
Not as fast as a laser printer
Ink cartridges are expensive
ink cartridges are $30, but they are for any printer in most cases
Slow
Printer cartridges are expensive
black cartridge becoming scarce
Black Ink Cartridge does  not last long
Has issues with Microsoft Word 2000 files with embedded images
Not Newest/Fastest
none that I can think of
expensive cartriges
Better printers for just a little more
ink cartridges are expensive and hard to find at online etailers
Expensive ink cartridges
None
None whatsoever
none
discontinued
none
Refills are expensive
Is there?
Printer cartridges are expensive
size
Print cartridges are expensive.
Doesn't print glossy or large prints
Horizontal paper feed can be tricky on thicker stock
ink is costly
Will not meet needs for someone who does a lot of printing
speed
Still not a top quality printer.
Expensive ink
I need a bigger desk
Print Cartridges expensive, No on screen visual of ink tank capacity
suddenly stopped printing yellow - out-of-warranty service is expensive
original ink cartridge takes a bite out of the wallet.
photograph printing not great
Mediocre Support and Warranty, high ink costs, black ink sold separately, USB only.
Black ink cart sold separately, USB only, cartridges costly, no network support
none so far
It brakes down realy easy,poor picture printing
No low-ink indicator, high cartridge costs, mediocre driver
Picture quality(dpi) is not the best
did not work.
Tears and destroys standard bond paper. Better support from a training bra. 90 day warranty.
Not the greatest quality printer.
none at all!
no low ink light, jams occasionally
none really
A little slow printing high res color photos
Does not have multi functions, such as fax or scan capabilities
buying print cartridges (not too often, though)
may not be adequate for  buisness use
The ink cartridges could hold a bit more.
NONE!
Doesn't come w/conecting cable
none that I can think of
can't think of any
Hp ink is not inexpensive.  :(
none yet
not a one
Has since been surpassed by other printers
Seems to slow
only half capacity cartridges shipped with the printer.
none
none, really
Horribly slow when printing high res color documents
Not as many features as higher models
difficult to install drivers
What cons?  Do you know something I don't know?
Cannot Network
slow, low hardware quality, can only use HP paper, all colors in one cartridge.
Needs expensive paper to produce photo quality images
Maybe a little noisy, takes up a little more space than I'd like.
none
ink cartridges are expensive
so-so linux support
You can see the pixels, and it's slow
Just a little slow, but that's it!
Cable is separate purchase
Could be faster, finicky USB setup
Driver does not show ink levels remaining!
Slow without USB cable
Slow, but it's an ink-jet - they're all slow
Can't think of any...
cost of cartriges
USB functionality does not initialize properly
Slow print speed, expensive replacement cartridges.
Honestly, NONE!
Big, expensive cartridges, can't stop a job in the middle of printing.
NO SUPPORT..
Sometimes the paper jams
Doesn't stop quickly
Cartridges are expensive.
Jams a lot; jams are difficult to re-start
Printer Ink Cost!!!
Very, very slow.  Slightly difficult install.
Very slow speed for landscape oriented documents.
slow speed
Sometimes has tech problems (but not many)
Slower than average speed, paper jams
expensive cartriges
none
bulky design
New model, no deals on price yet
Slow
Doesn't Have Separate Color Wells, SLOW SLOW SLOW.
Expensive Ink Cartridges, Short (90 day) Warranty
um. . . . I don't know of any
Price of the cartridges
No official Linux support, and incomplete unofficial support.
No cable included, and speed is not especially impressive
--
prints kind of slow, weird paper problem
Low Speeds
color images average
Not worth the trouble
None, maybe a little slow, but for the price it is just fine.
As with all printers, the ink cartridges are expensive.
Somewhat Slow Speed
cost of ink cartridge. 90 day warranty. no alter to ink level 
Uses ink too quickly, cost of ink cartridges
Prints a little slowly when printing in color
Slow on a parallel port
Slow print speeds, expensive cartridges, tech support is the worst.
a bit large, cartridges are expensive, incredibly slow, all colors together
VERY SLOW, Ties up the whole computer
slow printing speed
printer refill expensive
may have slight problems interfacing with windows ME
High Operating Cost; Average Resolution; Slow
Can be SLOW; You have to buy your cables, which adds to the cost
Uses the color cartridge to make black ink, didn't come with any cables
Can take a long time for top quality prinouts to emerge&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
none so far
None
Prints somewhat slowly, USB cable not included.
only one- no DOS printing
Lines, errors, sometimes refuses to print
Speed &amp; only supports USB.
Only takes USB port, takes a long time to process information to the printer
Can take awhile to print higher quality images. Cartridge cost can add up.
Drivers don't work with Windows 2000
Drivers don't work with Windows 2000
Deadly support philosophy ruins product experience.
Not really USB compatible
Slightly noisy, black ink smudges if you touch immediately after printing
nothing
none
none that I can see at this time.
The manual
Use photo paper for best results
Printing Envelopes
Price of Cartridges Somewhat High (Can use refill kits to offset)
Not much room in the paper feeder
Color Prints
Not fast enough for a business
Fast Drying Ink Cartridge
Large size, No ink level monitors
Clumsy drivers, defaults annoying
Price of cartridges
cant think of any
Ink could be a little cheaper.
Ink is expensive, envelopes seem to jam a lot      
none that I have
Customer service, warranty in the gray area
a little higher price but worth it
cost of supplies, paper storage is limited
a little pricey
None
Software drivers are poorly coded.  Causes problems in printing and alignment.
outdated (already)
High cost of replacement ink cartridges; doesn't hold enough paper in the tray
none
slow printing pictures with a lot of colors
Occasional smearing when printer is low on ink
rather steep price tag
NONE
It's not under $100.00
technical support
No cable, problems with VIATech chipsets.
To print one picture in &amp;quot;Best&amp;quot; mode takes approximately two minutes.
Cartridges expensive to replace.
Ink cartridges slightly expensive, but last  twice as long.
Paper tray doesn't fold up
Not network compliant, must buy USB cord.
wrong software
Expensive Cartridges
Expensive ink cartridges
Slow print time
???
a little slow in start up of printing.
Noisy, cartridge prices
Cartridges are pretty high.
A little bit pricey.
None
none
takes up a little bit more desk space than some other brands
needs two cartridges, i think it should be in one
still uses 2 seperate ink cartridges
Refill cartridges are a little expensive, though, they last.
Nothing I've found
A little slow sometimes; costly ink cartridges
Destroys computer when re-installed
I can't think of any
original cartridges that come with printer are short on ink
Chronically misfeeds
Doesn't like to be chained with a parallel scanner
Ink Cartridges are a bit expensive
practically drinks ink
pricey
thirsty printer; doesn't give warning when cartridge is running dry
Needs ink jet paper for good text quality
None
look at the HP 880/882 also great
None
Better choices for high-end photo printing
$300 price tag is just too much
Overpriced
Internal Errors
USB somewhat unreliable
Need to use a bidirectional parallel interface instead of usb or some utilities will not function.
haven't found any yet
Price
Ink cartriges a little expensive
has some problems with excel spreadsheets
HP needs to turn out a better variety of print papers.
EXPENSIVE CARTRIDGES, NO HP 800 NUMBER
Costs more than it should
Problems with USB connection
none that I can find
Slow at times
it shakes a little
colour cartridges are expensive
NONE
None
Haven't found any cons at all.
noise
Doesn't have good long term reliability
rollers may need resurfacing with rubber restorer
must replace expensive color tank when a single color runs out
Relatively high initial cost, Envelope printing, Minor driver incompatibility 
ink price
None
Rotten customer service, no toll-free tech support &amp;amp; outrageously expensive ink cartridges.
Error Messages Stink
noisy, 1 yr. limited warranty
None
Stalls computer.  Expensive.
Uses ink quickly, small software bundle
Print cartrige cost
a little pricey
NONE
Expensive Ink Cartridges
None
Cost of the printer cartridges.
slow at times
no cons
NOT A Photo Quality Printer 
expensive
Printer software sometimes not compatible with Windows 2000 preset label sizes 
None.
Price
Spites out extra sheet every now and then, cartridges around 30 beans.
Not quite as fast as I'd like but what I want isn't reasonable either!
Color is used up fast
Bare Bones warranty and support (possibly not for Canada), high ink prices.
Slower than average speeds, and the ink will cost you more than the competition.
Same problems with DeskJet 930/932/935 but lacks a few features.
Slow print speed
Slow print speed,no borderless print
Ink cartridges are ridiculously priced
Draft mode produces squiggly line at bottom.
Expensive ink
big size, uses inks fairly fast.
ink replacements are expensive, must buy printer cord sepratly
expensive cartigages
Fold up tray durability questionable
Plastic parts feel cheap and breakable. 
Just don't forget to put down the paper tray
Running costs, being up to 14.4c per page
Print quality, rather slow
can't think of one.
Many
EVERYTHING
Feeding mechanism
Expensive to replace ink.Ink refill kits sometimes won't work.
So so software
Hey HP, double check your software.
Mac users must have USB.
Lousy print feed causes margins to skew!
print speed (why do they always lie??)
Not very sturdy
none for the home owner...this is a quality printer
Customer care is a long distance call
Takes a few seconds longer than my last four printers to begin printing.
only one tray
Paper feed mistakes, software errors, hardware incompatibility
Advertises Win 2000 support but not in the box
Slow
can't find one yet, give me time!
Photo printing
Need USB filter driver &amp;amp; printer driver right away.
Bundled software not user friendly
Still see crooked prints sometime...
none, that I can find.
can hog large amounts of CPU leading to CPU hang times...  may need to wait for printer to finish medium to complex jobs on low to mid range computers
Possible high costs for replacement ink cartridges(cost &amp;amp; frequency ??)
Some USB Issues, High Cartridge Cost
none
Envelopes catches against output tray during output
None whatsoever
None
must purchase $25.00 cable for installation
slow, can't hold that much paper
No cable included, expensive to replace ink
Complicated USB installation , not as fast as promised on the box, and expensive  ink refills.
I can't afford two
doesn't come with the cable
hangs up when printing on the internet...not consistently..
Ink cartridges are somewhat pricey (apx. $35)
A little slow
Cord doesn't connect tightly, connection not stable
none to date
none
a lot, see my comments
nothing at all
Driver did not work initially
rollers leave marcks on paper
Small paper capacity
None
Loud when feeding paper.
Slow
Nothing yet
Setup could be easier, Software not up to date, Color pictures take about a minute to print
text is grey
Buggy Drivers and Expensive Cartridges
none
guide is online-only (bleh)
Cheesy tray, jams sometimes
None
Not enough people have this printer
not a single one!
Wish software had active monitor window
slightly expensive print cartridges
A bit expensive
Black ink cartridge is too small.  Paper size limitations
 a little slow at times
Performance and features slightly lacking, no second paper tray
W2K drivers not on the CD
slow printing
Ink Cartridges are pricey.
Sometimes causes computer lag before it starts printing
Noisy cycling of new pages
Not as fast as fast as I had hoped.
The ink lasts awhile, but it costs about 3 fingers and a toe.
Paper jams, less than ideal paper tray snugness.
Expensive Print Cartridges, Doesn't Come With USB/Parallel Cable   
when moved, the cord comes off easily
Ink Cartridge Price.
None as of yet
digital camera pictures kinda disapointing
None that I can think of
As usual, cost of ink
Does not work well with parallel pass through port
A bit slower when printing in color.
Noisy when loading, Low memory
Guzzles ink
None that I know of...
Expensive Cartridges
Ink is  a little bit on the expensive side.
consider something else for high output &amp; business use
Hard to install for Windows 98 
questionable paper feed mechanism; questionable durability
High-quality color prints use alot of ink.
very slow photo printing, ink cartridge cost
That ink can get PRICEY (surprise surprise!)
Parallel port connections with scanner
None
Slow when in 2400x1200 DPI mode
Ink can go fast if you print high quality photos or pictures regularly.
Slower than advertised.  Expensive Ink.
Dont use it with older operating systems because hp drivers suck.
Slow photo printing.
HP Doesn't Like to Discount Price, But Still a Good Buy.
Low memory, USB problems,
Small fonts lose some quality
Cut corners to keep down price
Paper alignment problem now and then; flimsy?
Priner cartridges are expensive
None
None.
Can't see what ink is being used.
could be faster with color.
a bit slow and noisy
Cartridge compatibles N/A, have to use refill kit.
Ink is not cheap (but it's not really expensive, either)
No real problem with the printer, but HP technical support is below par.
None
photo is a bit lack luster
Toners are expensive (aren't they all, though?)
Ink expensive but they all are.
Expensive Ink Cartridges
A bit slow when printing with color
Slow color printing. Adding paper was difficult at first.
Paper Jams, price
slow, response time is slow
none so far
Costly ink, but whose isn't?
None yet...
Slow when printing in color, camera prints are mediocre
Cartridges are a tad high in price, short 1 year warranty
A little slow
Printer sharing with USB requires the software on every computer that will use the printer
a little slower then other 900 models
low black resolution
SLOW
meager 100 sheet paper tray, expensive ink cartridges
 
None
Jams Alot tho!
service
NONE!
couldn't find any
can't think of any
Ink tanks are moderately expensive.
Can't think of one!
delay printing first page
Needs updated driver, some paper feed problems
none
$40 ink cartridges, but aren't they all these days?
Grey text
I haven't found any yet
price of replacement cartridges, single multi-color cartridge
print margins
Not super fast
a little slower than more expensive models
crappy graphic, poor and expensive tech support
None
not on your life
None
None.
Weird Symbols Appear when the Ink Runs Low
paper is finicky to load sometimes
No cables included, some problems with bundled software
none
patience required on high quality photo printing
Knocked out my LaserJet, difficult USB install
Slow color prints
Costly refills (but they do last a while)
none.
USB wouldnt work On windowsME for me
sometimes feeds more than one sheet of paper
Ink Cartridges Costly (but they all are)
Tricky USB installation routine, different body styling.
Not the fastest on the block
A bit slow. EXPENSIVE consumables. "Handy" bundled applets.
Expensive cartridges, flimsy input tray.
A tad bit slow
Speed.
Expensive cartridges (approx. $30/ea.)
Text perhaps not as sharp.  Appears cheaper than my 660 CSE.
 The 932C print driver software is not too good. Get the new one!
nothing so far
Limited paper supply, no dual USB jack, expensive ink cartridges.
SLOW COLOR PRINTING, black text quality is only average, body of printer feels cheap
Ink runs out fast, original driver sucks.
none 
Feeder occasionally iffy, slightly wonky drivers, a bit heavy.
None yet.
Unable to save custom settings; no on-screen progress monitor; weak blacks
Picture quality is not great; unless you buy their HP Premium Papers, cartridges expensive
Some paper jams. 
Bundled software, cost of cartridges
Somewhat slow, grabs multiple sheets of paper
Expensive cartridges, a little noisy
sometimes media loads crookedly, had one photo paper jam (yikes)
ink cartridges expensive, paper-feeding-wheels cause jams-after awhile
Lots of paper jams
Noise. Ink cartridge cost(all are).
none at this time
no duplexer, no infrared, see other cons in cons section
3 month warranty, No infrared receiver, High ink prices
none
Price of Ink Cartridges
Ink is expensive, but that's not the printer's fault...oh wait, its an HP!
No instruction manual, changing ink cartridge is tricky, text is not sharp 
None
None
This printer is the worst printer I've ever bought!!!!!!
Not particularly good for printing out 4x6 or other normal photo sized prints.
Jams a lot, fairly costly ink
Did not print photos!!  3 month warranty, no toll free tech support.
Instructions almost non existent
waste space.
Cartridge Price; Paper Handling
ink is expensive, but not more than most other printers
Look for good price breaks for deals to lower cost
Does not work well with a data switch or reset easily; jams frequently
cool
Too expensive compared to 930C
Cartridges cost a bit, USB and Parallel cable not included
cost
Not a one
Really cannot think of any
I haven't found any.
can hog large amounts of CPU leading to CPU hang times... may need to wait for printer to finish medium to complex jobs on low to mid range computers, price is a bit much for some budgets
not supported for B&amp;amp;W G3 or OS10
expensive. 
small driver bug, comes with 1/2 full ink cartridges!
lame-o drivers
A bit pricy for some
Color does not always perform, customer service has major problems
Some problems with network printing, Photo paper hard to find
touchy
still a little slow to print color, uses toner quickly
None that I have found
None
4 X 6 Photo paper slot will not feed.
Slightly slow on high quality pictures.
Too Many Problems
Envelope feeding, Speed
HP software conflicts with some systems, HP support poor
none yet
Problems with  single envelope feed
People (not me) report paper misfeeds.
Pricey color cartridge, sometimes too much printer for average user (check 932C also).
1st one broke
buggy, feeding problems, and many more.
The paper feed is a constant source of frustration. It does not work!
Expensive ink; comparatively expensive
Ink use
not cheap, photo paper expensive
No cables, economy cartridges
weird sounds when printing
Cost of ink cartridges
none
Color not as good with cheap paper. Inconsistent handling of odd-sized paper.
Expensive ink and may not be as fast as the more expensive hp printers
None Yet
A bit hard to load more than a dozen sheets of paper.
Ink
envelop slot and 4x6 photo slot jams, outrageous prices on ink.
Possibly not quite as good at photo printing as the six-color photo printers.
None so far.
Buggy Macintosh software, paper feed is not straight. 
None,so far
none, so far
sometimes it is slow
It's not supposed to be a shredder
Too fast (paper jams), Price.
Scratched the gloss off the photo paper
None yet!
None.....
It could be faster
None so far!
Gobbles up paper, shreds, and spits
a little bit noisy&amp;#133;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Paper Jams
HP ink is always expensive
None so far.
Constant paper jams, color cartridges cost way to  much. 
When printing photos, ink takes a long time to dry.
Lasted 11 months before started eating all paper.
Still high cost, no duplexer, no infrared port, see cons in review
None
Printer cable not included.
Took a little longer to install
None.
None yet
Prints crooked, No 800# tech support
After one paper jam things got very, very bad
High volume feed problem
Difficult to install USB drivers.
Takes a while to set up.
The software can sometimes be a cumbersome install.
Still high cost, no duplexer, no infrared port, see cons in review
Sometimes it's difficult to figure out.
Sluggish performance; Two-sided Print Module is a waste of time and money.
Inks are expensive, but that applies to all H.P. inks, but the inks are great.
Definitely printer and cartrifge price and poor image stability.
Occasionally may cause your computer to freeze.
inkjet speed, cost
I haven't had any reason to complain yet!
None
Envelope printing. Must be fed in manually
No warning when you run out of ink
Paper started to jam in it after three weeks usage.
Heavy processor usage
RIP-OFF cartridge pricing. Can't use black-only if color is exhausted. Duplex printing very slow.
Sorry, didn't find any!
 Cost... Cost...
High CPU Overhead, Expensive
price
pricy
Price
none
duplex feature extremely slow
Slows my computer down while printing and expensive print cartridges
price and ink prices
2X printing could be a little faster, but not too shabby for a first!
Not quite as fast as HP says, but close enough.
Max size is 8.5 x 14
Not enough time to play with it.  Some fixable compatibility problems with older programs.
none
A little expensive
Cost of cartridges, could be quieter......
noise
none yet
Horrible envelope printing and 4x6 photo paper printing.  Toll number for support, and poor customer care services.
black text could be better
None
Price of Ink (a con with any ink jet)
price of cartridges a little high
None.  A very good value!
Blue ink required to print black, quality paper needed
Ink cartridge prices are nearly prohibitive!!
Can be quite pricey.
none
Uses a lot of ink
Takes its good old time to start up
none really
Heavy and bigger than most. 
Jams envelopes, hi cost cartridges!
Duplexing cuts speed drastically
on the expensive side
can be slow at times for large pictures
Cartridges are quite expensive and not refillable at this time.
price
None
None
none
jams all the time, bad resolution, bad software management
none
none so far, maybe limits on paper size
nothing
pricey, cartridges expensive
Expensive - according to R.S.P.
Runs through a lot of ink - and new cartridges cost a bundle
Expensive ink cartridges.
Ink cost
Haven't found any yet
cost of ink cartridges
Runs through ink fairly quickly
Better for small jobs because it doesn't hold much paper (about 75 sheets, I estimate)
A printer for business and home users more concerned about quality than speed&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Cost
can be a bit confusing
30 Second Delay When Using Duplexer / Ink is a Ripoff
Somewhat Expensive but worth every penny!
USB install must be done in sequence, not plug and play 
Not as good photo printing as the 815C
Slow photo-quality speed
Pricey; lack of programmability on printer panel, i.e. duplexing must be done through the driver
no cables included, expensive
a little more expensive than some others
Priced much higher than others but worth it
slow two sided printing
Don't like AdobeActiveShare 
No cable included
price
haven't seen any, yet
None
none
high price
Cost? But you do get what you pay for.
expensive for the moment (The netherlands)
New Technology Color Cartridges are difficult to find AND expensive!
None found yet
ink usage on best mode.
The speed of printing isn't quite as fast as stated in the company literature. The automatic reverse side printing operation is not explained very well in the manual in regards to the adjustments that have to be made in the word processing software. The ty
Price
price
Little on the expensive side
Pretty expensive, but well worth it.
Sort of expensive
It doesnt work
Dull color on plain paper (Use Bright White instead)
Switching between USB and Parallel ports requires a power cycle. 
No Parallel or USB cable included
NONE
Not quite as fast as advertised/Uses tri-color Cartridges
W2K drivers need to include Ink Level Status, No USB cable included.
only fair paper handling
cost
Nothing that I can think of. 
Expensive
none
Watch the paper handling, non-adjustable envelope slot
Can have a few glitches
??price??
Ink costs a lot
Price
a little slow when working with two sided feature
expensive ink cartridges
none!
Was a bit expensive when I bought it, but the price has since decreased.
long printing time at highest quality
none
was expensive, not anymore
Price is a bit more than other Color InkJets
none
Ink cartridges are expensive and this machine consumes ink at a quick pace
confusing technical assistance
absolutely nothing
toll number
none found
Expensive
The duplex attachment is more sensitive to jams.
Documents tend to fall after printing.
Can be a bit hard to get working on USB
CPU hang time on print jobs, still expensive for most casual users
Slower and more expensive than 952C.
not so quite cheaply,
None.
Ink goes very fast, and the cartridges can be a bit pricey! 
Cost
none that i noticed
A little more pricey than some printers, but well worth it.
photo printing has detectable dots, extra software doesn't work on Macintosh
None Found
Ink needs to be changed earlier than most other printers.
I don't see any cons about this printer.
no cables included, expensive &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Recommended: Yes 
Slow color printing when you want good quality, doesn't listen.
Somewhat Expensive, but you get what you pay for!
Slow speed using parallel port, no cables
Price, cartridge prices, print speed
Noisy loading. Gray color.
It takes a few minutes (at most) for the ink to dry out.
Slower, noisy, expensive.
Runs out of ink fairly quickly
Not a laser.
the price might be a little high, but it's quality
Photo quality is still not quite up to Epson standards
Not thrilled with the paper tray.
some features not useful (explained in review).  Ink expensive and low volume.
Squids
Color representation is off and prints with "venetian-blind" effect - discernible horizontal delineation from printhead.
Expensive ink.
slow
USB can be tempramental, Cartidges are expensive
You'd be foolish to expect it: black and white text is NOT laser quality
High ink consumption - cost of it
HP DJ970 Cxi is a "power hog".
Slow in hi-res color, expensive (but worth it!)
Too much for home use and too expensive&amp;#13;&amp;#10;for home use.not fast enough for buisnes
WAS EXPENSIVE,NOT ANY MORE IT NOW COSTS $179.00.....
Ink cartridges a little pricey.
Driver's CPU usage, price, Windows XP driver stinks.
photo printing is not up to par
setup took some extra work (on a printer server), ink expensive
Jams a lot, sometimes prints slow, seems to have a mind of its own
Some installation trouble on WinXP, make sure you have internet access to install.
none
none
Does it take a master's degree in computer science to get this thing to work?
Too many to list here.
Price, Ugly Colors
Ummm...the fact that someone would actually sell this
Doesn't meet everyone's budget for a printer.
a little expensive
A Bit Pricey
One of the most expensive inkjet printers
Too much money
Finicky USB connection
Noisy, Too much ink output, Destroys Envelopes, Jams
 not much
No USB cable included at time of purchase. Expensive.
Very poor photo printing, looks like old printers do, Grainy
Expensive ink, , Pictures don't last long
S-L-O-W To spool up, Jams, Adequate drivers
None
High printer cost means printer is not for everybody, can hog large amounts of CPU time leading to CPU hang time...  you may need to wait for medium to complex jobs to finish printing on low to medium range computers
none
On the costly side
Expensive Ink cartridges.
Very high consumables cost.
None Observed
Only connects with USB and has a rather large footprint
Only connects with USB and has a rather large footprint
Drivers N/A from HP.com and seems to loose drivers after reboot.
has 'locked' or 'stuck' twice
no on-off switch, flimsy construction
Linux support, MAC support
ink cartridges on the expensive side
Loud and it recycles a lot.
None
first one I bought was a lemon
No manual feeder, USB only, No control panel whatsoever
Some page curl 
Only Windows compatible, a bit noisy, no On/Off button, no manual paper feed slot
Everything is controlled through the computer, no frills, PC ONLY
Cartridges are expensive.
No color and cannot be used with the Macintosh. 
No on/off button. No set up instructions or printed manual.
Paper feed is poorly placed, maintenance is costly.
Notorious for failing weeks to months after purchase
toner is expensive to replace
a little big for limited desk space
Paper roller breaks, faint printing, no USB
The verticle paper feed goes defective in every machine with time
Jams on textured papers, limitations with use
will jam incredibly after a period of time
almost constant paper jams on every one we own
Jam, jam, this printer jams horribly and the error coding system is ridiculous!
Paper Jamming, but see explanation below.
Constantly jams even after applying fix from HP
Paper feed issue... the quick HP rememdy doesn't work either
speed, paper jams (all the time)
JAMS, JAMS, JAMS what more can I say., 
Not very fast, Seals Envelopes
Slow on graphics loaded pages, driver can cause problems
Paper Jams
It thinks 20 sheets equals one sheet!
cost
Major paper feed problems
Reliability, usefulness, customer support.
Bulky
the copier feature dosen't work well with pictures, then agian it is grayscale...
color is too expensive
Need the cash to spend on it
Major paper feed problems
cranky -- fails to perform at odd times
Poorly Executed Scanner and Copier functions
Low paper capacity
gray-scale graphics sometime uneven
None I can think of.
paper jams, feeding problems
Paper jams, double-feeds, printing envelopes
i'd go for the 1100A xi with scanner attachment, its really a nice feature
None
toner is expensive
none
can't think of one
No 'off switch', slow processing (not printing) speed.
price
Endless paper jams
Slow, but not for the price
Price
Labels and envelopes are difficult to print
Powers itself down- have to wait for it to restart. 
A little bit expensive, but worth the extra money
doesn't print in color but I don't use color
None so far
Laser Cartidge is tricky to put it
paper handling can be tricky
Jams... Problems...
A Little more pricey than competing brands
Not for color printing.
I can't think of any!
Paper handling, paper jams, need for repairs
expensive, not reliable, terrible customer care
no gadgets or geegaws
none
None
envelopes a bit tricky &amp;amp; slower
paper jams and misfeeds
Small paper hold in back, occasional lockups.
Pricey, HP name.
Only produces black/white print jobs &amp;amp; scan images
?????
jamming, toner smears
none!
doesn't print color
Staff Complained That It Ran Out of Toner Too Fast
Is it a scanner or not?
Darn near everything else.
That's all it's got going for it.
Paper feed problem toward end of warranty period.
Slow spooling, ineffective drivers
Only 8-1/2" width
none
It jams after a year
Extremely unreliable.  Mis-designed paper feed mechanism.
None!
Toner smudge/streak
Plain, may have problem with slanted text
get the scanner attachment, you know you want it!
No page count, poor manual, cable could be longer, no USB.
clunky, pricey
standard configuration is kind of shy on memory
High Consumables, Limited Paper Input
Feeder gets worn out after a while
Paper jams; pricey
Fixable paper feed problem. Overpriced scanner.
Consumables eat you alive - poor paper handling.  
Cannot handle paper well.
didn't work for me, rear/top feeder, poor customer support
None so far.
fit and finish of some panels is less than perfect quality.
no power switch! bad paper tray setup
mac compatiblity is in MAJOR quesion
none for the price
poor software support for mac
poor software support for mac
Not THAT inexpensive compared to the competition
Cheap feel, terrible print trays.
It's not a Canon, NEC, OKi... etc
not the most attractive model
Flimsy case, stupid parallel/USB connections
Control panel, hard to remove side panel
No "real" control panel, no power switch (both of which are marginal complaints at best)
No color printing available.
Kinda cheap feeling, but looks are not everything!
Chokes on large files &amp; destroys reams of paper (unless you have a print server)
Unable to cancel jobs already in-progress.  Long spool time for images.
Black and white.
Kinda Ugly but you fall in love with it since it runs sooo great.
NO POWER BUTTON!
Kind of loud. Large foot print. 
Paper curling
Hard to remove side panel
On the large side 
Misbehaves when other peripherals plugged in USB port.
PRINTER DRIVERS; No power button
Bad image rendering, Paltry RAM
Weird case design makes cable access difficult.
annoying noise when powering down after usage; drivers on disc conflicted with system
Jams, flimsy design, no power switch
Really weird cable hookup, weird case design, no power button, &amp; big footprint
Cheap design, poor software/user communication, huge footprint.
No power switch.
hard to open side panel, no ethernet card
None that I have found.
Tray 1 output feed causes loss of desktop space
150 sheet output tray
A little pricey compared to dot matrix options
It's an offshoot of the 4p and 5p.  They stunk.
large size
None
None
Can't print graphics or clipart
careful when cleaning and using dust cover
large footprint
none come to mind
none
None that I am aware of
None
why buy when the 1100 and 4050 are available?
price
Smallish paper bin.
Slower than 2200 series printers
This printer is a little slow and also be noisy.
must pay extra for 2nd paper drawer &amp; buy hp jet direct software/hardware
Pricey, expensive cartridge
None
For USB port, needs additional connector not included
toner cartridge life.  Postscript driver does not support 1200 bpi--only 600 bpi. Graphics not up to HP standards.
No Ethernet Port
initial price
none
Apparently conflicts with Palm Desktop on Mac OS X
Somewhat flimsy
It's a little big in size.
None yet
Won't work if second printer used through LPT port.
Scanner and Fax software not so impressive.
manipulating copier controls (enlarging/reducing) from front panel is cumbersome. 
You can buy a better scanner for 60USD, Slow compared to a real office photocopier
slow ADF scanning due to design defect
A bit large
Very defective product no fixes from HP
Slow when scanning
Small Trays, Few advanced features/options
Unix duplexer difficult to set up.  Pricey.
cost if for personal use, otherwise none
Need to buy extra paper tray to hold an entire ream
NONE!!!
drivers may cause problems, RAM upgrades can be expensive
.... ummm... you'll be buying a lot more paper...
too easy to operate
None
none (in use since late 2000)
Nne
Perfection demands a high price.
Non-Color
Toner expense
None found so far
none
hassles with toner smudiging
difficult configuration
occasional problems with the print job not being sent
none
encourages printing
Weak packaging options - must make critical decisions before purchase!
paper jams
not a color printer
The packaging is more than is necessary.
None yet.
Toner eater
Software Freeze up
Cost
Not cheap, slow with graphics, occassionally jams
Always at least one printer down (unexplained "jams" and "paper outs")
a little pricey
Can't afford one for home!
Very heavy.  Can't think of anything else.
none
none
No color
paper trays dodgy
Haven't found one yet!
Toner is expensive.
None&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
none
Haven't found any...
Price
Documentation
big,expensive,JetAdmin tool unstable
none that I can report
Bulky and expensive
Expensive
Paper curls.
Sometimes takes more than 1 sheet of paper but there is a fix.
occasional double-feeds, sloooooooowwwwwwwww
Obsolete?
old
Incredibly poor paper handling
multiple page pickup. paper skews are often if not picked up properly
none
Sometimes can pull multiple sheets when feeding
Constant Jams, most of which are difficult to remove
None Known
Jams easily, won't pick up paper, overheats, and hangs up a lot.
paper feed problems
Top-loading paper feed.
feeds multiple sheets at the same time, low capacity paper tray
poor paper handling makes this unusable
only black and white, few paper problems
Temperamental, bad paperfeeding problem.
slooooow, prone to every problem there is in the printing industry
Slow, hard to feed paper
Not a good deal for the price anymore.  Horrible drivers.  Mechanical problems.
Drawbacks listed in review
Without the software, you can't utilize all the features.
probably not the fastest out there
all feature in one
photos could be better.
Sometimes frustrating 
terrible print/fax quality; color copying is awful
everything else
always breaks, every month, it just stops receiving and disables you to send
Printing Speed is a little bit slower than a Laser Printer
After several usages the printer heads began smearing.
can be slow to print, setup may take over an hour to install and register software
poor craftsmanship, jams a lot, sheet-fed scanner limits amount/type of items you can scan
slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
Software locks up, print heads smear
It all comes out bad.. paper jams are frequent
Worst purchase mistake in memory
A little slow , probably not the best &amp;quot;business machine buy&amp;quot;
Doesn't do anything well; doesn't do most things passably
poor paper transport
Everything Else
Mediocre printing, copying and scanning.
Have not found any as of yet....
If one function breaks your without them all
obstinate paper feed, slow 
print quality; paper jams; ink smears; paper feeds too much
Had to compromise on printing speed and it's a sheet fed, not flat bed scanner and copier
Prints somewhat slow on High Quality jobs.
The scanner scratched the scan jackets so it left lines
paper tends to not want to feed into the machine,  ink is expensive, not the fastest machine in the world
not great quality in any of the 4, HORRIBLE Tech support
Obtrusive software, unspectacular quality
Flat feed scanner can be limiting. 
Slow; Consumes lots of memory and CPU from your PC; Works well only for Windows95/98
slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
Subpar in ALL phases
Print quality is bad, copy quality is bad, colors don't work properly.
Its all a sad charade
slow color printing, small paper tray
Sub standard quality for all features
Only scans flat sheets, not books
Slow printing, expensive cartridges
Not the best print quality but gets the job done.
everything else
Won't feed; keeps jamming; eventually dies like other HP products
slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
not getting same functionality as dedicated machines
Difficulty Handling Thicker Stock, Quirky Fax
Some options are slow, but can be expected
Can't find any cons!
none of the functions are anything to brag about
it never seems to do the things it says it can, like fax, print, or copy
If one function stops working you do have to send the whole machine in or replace it
Doesn't scan 4X6 color prints very well.
NONE 
occasional paper feeding problems.
THE CARTRIDGE FOR IT COST AROUND 27 DOLLARS, SEEM LIKE A LOT.
Incredibly, does not support printer sharing with other machines.
Slow when it comes to printing bulk.
The ... printing feature, the cartridges, and it doesn't work anymore.
none
none that I can see
Very slow copier
The paperfeed is slightly small and tight.
SLOW
The HP 710 is the founder of the term &amp;#13;&amp;#10;"Looks are deceiving".
THE CARTRIDGE FOR IT COST AROUND 27 TO 45 DALLARS, SEEM LIKE A LOT.
Scanner damages photos. Print quality stinks at any setting.
slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
Poor resolution
I wish I had gotten it sooner
it;s exspensive
not able to configure as advertised
Noise, prone to jams, feeds extra sheets
noise, paper tray
Not very rugged.  Numerous quirky problems.
Bad prints and scans, slow, jams a lot, Large streaks with black prints
Barely can feed subsequent sheets now because of what I did
slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
nothing
high price, print quality and speed
where should I start?
Sacrifices speed for flexibilty
Requires simple maintenance
Poor quality in almost every aspect, Not available in USB version
S-L-O-W.  Poor paper feeder
If you have an old computer you'll need to special order the parallel adapter.
A little pricey, shakes alot. Ink consumtion
Connection Problems
Haven't found any yet!
Scanner / Fax / Copier Died in about a year!
A bit pricey, fax software is clunky.
Noise! Scanning slow. Size of printer.
Unreliable.
A bit noisy...
Software has strange quirks and it died after 60 days. Not happy!
None so far. Those that complain of noise are really nit picking.
Pricey, stiff paper tray and huge scanned file sizes
Pricey ink. Slow duplex unit.  Usual HP print driver problems.  Small glitches.
A little shaky due to lamp heads warming up. Ink used up quickly.
B &amp; W text could be better, slow duplex unit, pricey ink cartridges
LIKES TO USE INK
Pricey.
Card reader does not work for all digital media; software takes lots of memory. 
NONE
Worked 5 minutes then after 4 months of no working printer HP gave partial refund
Bad scanning capability
Noisy esp. scanner,uses ink way too fast and ink is pricey!
Software.  Cheap build quality.
s-l-o-w scanning
The software was impossible to use with Windows 2000.
Kinda Slow, price 
Expensive HP paper and ink, limited to 8 1/2" wide paper, and problematic USB setup.
Printer broke down right after warranty expired.
Worthless as a scanner - the software STILL doesn't work with Win2000 
Minor glitches in scanning and OCR software
Nothing
Software
Scanning fairly slow, somewhat difficult to install.
Scanning software for Windows 2000 is worthless, scanner seldom works, you'll waste much time
No fax or auto-feeder
8x10 printed slooooooow
took forever for HP to figure out the problem
Default settings 
Gives my office personnel no excuses for not completing projects in a timely fashion!!
jams with multiple envelopes
cost of ink
scanning is near impossible
Software
Needs it's own printer table or side table
Scanning requires you read instructions&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Color cartridges stamina and cost
some problems with scanning&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Cannot print/scan/copy full page because it inserts its own margins
none
Some serious driver issues (hopefully&amp;#13;&amp;#10;in the past)
Expensive ink, no legal sized documents, pay for customer support
Few -- small capacity paper tray and occasional paper jam.
Included OCR program isn't that good
Mechanical Issues - Color Photos;Poor Customer Service; Spyware; Broken Already
Drivers eat a lot or memory resources, do not have headset
Amount of memory needed which tends to slow your PC
legal copies
Software poor
Paper jams occasionally
It's HUGE, quite expensive and the software crashes.
Big Machine, uses lots of ink, single paper tray, difficult to use legal paper
Software bugs and space eater
BIG for an inkjet, copier/fax/scanner feeder jams
NEVER WORKS
Maybe it's kind of big, but that's no tragedy.
everything else
Very poor and defective software.
Poorly designed software
Could have a place that holds more paper.
Not many to speak of
Poor documentation, expensive ink cartridges
legal copies, color printer quality
fax lacks ability to work with Office XP addresses; continual envelope jams
Printer driver unusable, bad tech support, possible reliability problem
Awful drivers, endless network headaches
Software no good for international faxing
lacks flexibility
Tech support is superb - but you'll pay for the call
Horrendous legal sized copying
legal copies, have to pay for help
None that I can think of.
... Just not on a mac.
Physical size if space is limited
Does not store incoming faxes.
USB sometimes doesn't recognize on boot, ink can be pricey, USB cable NOT supplied
Extremely difficult to get running under Win2000
looks more complicated than it is
Still an Ink Jet.
Macintosh integration appalling .
expensive hardware, expensive ink cartridges
Not capable of making legal sized copies.
Software, no manual feed, ink jet means high cost of ownership
Expensive.
Large, Ink-Jet Cartridges Expensive
Can't Think Of Any
won't accommodate legal paper
High purchase price, high cost per page for ink, heavy, and bulky.
dealing with HP if there is a problem
pricier when we bought it
Everyone wants to use it!  I can barely find time to use it!
Ink runs out quickly if used as copier
Pretty big, but as long as you account for the deskspace, no problem.
inkjet per copy is usually more than laser per copy
Somewhat pricey refills still
Don't forget to hit color or black to actually print!
slow scans, parallel interface, scanner sometimes requires reboot to operate
Large, a little noisy, no power save mode.
No fax. Bigger than some of the newer models that do the same thing
big
scanning problems
little pricy
Windows 2000
Software installation took a couple of attempts for me
none
Very Large for a Desktop unit
Bulky, a bit pricy
When connected to a network, you loose scanning ability.  Not recommended for high volume use.
Will not be able to handle crushing loads; Windows NT scanning is slow
Can't fax directly from PC, can't share port, small paper capacity.
difficult to find
fax functionality is terrible, no simultaneous functions, can't collate multi-page copy jobs
Only One Paper Tray
none
Only if it breaks down, you're out more than just 1 machine
None.
Speed, simplicity of copier.
There are paperjams
Ink cartridges are expensive, but they are for all such machines
Hangs up system when using Windows 98
Expensive cartridges, frequent paper jams, tiny paper feed tray and tinier tray for received faxes.
Poor support, drivers and software don't work with XP
expensive, bulky
It is big.
sometimes noisy
Poor OCR software, Ink Consumption
HP OfficeJet T45 does take a considerable amount of space.
Ink cartridges are pricey
Absolutely none.
Not very good for being on a network and used buy a group of people.
Slower than a laser, small paper capacity
system is bulky
computer interface
a bit pricey, and not small
none!
none
none
$30-35 ink cartridges
Sizeable, Heavy
Bulkiness
none
None
none
one color
Need one at home
Price, incompatibilities
digital screen is a little hard to read, paper tray doesn't hold a lot
http://www.epinions.com/welcome.html?member=schumanfu2  
A little pricey
Configuration conflicts
No flat bed scanner
HP OfficeJet T45 is very expensive, very big and hard in use.
difficult to set up and understand.  jams a little often
Size
I didn't find any.
Like all printers, expensive cartridges. Needs bigger paper tray to hold more paper.
None in my experience
Software sometimes gives a blue screen.
expensive
none yet
None.
ink runs out quick
None
Scans messed up after prolonged scanning. Auto straighten function needs tuning.
None
Tends to get itself offline.
crippled under XP; poor online customer service; no USB cable
None that I'm aware of
None
ink runs out to fast, ink cartridges are pricey
Not reliable and bad after sales services from HP and Staple
None so far.
Color photos not as crisp as I'd hoped (but not too bad)
Support is the only downfall.
not excellent quality, some speed problems
Expensive Cartridge
NONE
Bundled software (i.e. image editor) is pretty basic and geared toward novices
OCR software is weak, Printing is slow, scan size limitations, no usb cord.
Not compatible with Windows XP
Poor tech support, Does not work with Win98
Slow, Bad Defaults
None
Apparently not very compatible with Windows XP
not compatible with XP
Doesn't work with Windows 2000 Server, even though it says it works with 2000
Bad product.  Wouldn't accept a fax.  Shakes.  Copies skewed.  Dropouts.
not a whole lot of options for scanning print speed is somewhat slow.
Big. Very basic software package. Wide range of prices.
can be noisy
Poor paper tray
Flimsy paper tray
Takes awhile to print, only prints 4x6
Photo tray broke easily.
Only prints 4X6 prints.  No preview screen.
Watch out for the cost of supplies!
The 8 1/2 X 11 is the same price
Printer causing BSOD with Win98!
costly ink cartridges
Expensive Ink and Paper
Prints only 4x6 photos or smaller
Paper Tray
A little slow but worth the wait. The paper is very expensive!
cant think of any
HP Support
Menuing for card media printing is cumbersome.
No Sony Memorystick drive. First one I bought was DOA. 
poor paper handling
Won't take sony photocards.
Photos print a little slow, but quality makes up for it.
slow printing on highest detail.
printing a bit slow
Infernally slow DOT4 interface, poor paper feed, extended startup/shutdown time, tendency to mangle envelopes
4x6 pictures are a little difficult to print, my husband has hard time reading menu
none
Still looking for one.
Ink from HP expensive, Memory Card upload speed is very slow.  Paper tray is small.
LCD display extremely dim
jam problems!
Putting the 4X6 tab in the right way
Hard to use. Doesn't work well with some systems.
ink price, shows out of ink when plenty left, crashes computer often
Buying the ink for it.
None
Difficulty in recognizing my Olympus digital camera for a direct download.
Software could be better.
Almost useless flash card reader, DO NOT get the prints wet.
Expensive, print quality LESS impressive compared to Canon/Epson.  Very problematic drivers.
Slow, even on normal print jobs.
a little problem printing from quark
Toll customer service; compatibility issues.
Haven't seen any cons
Speed is not what they say and the, paper jams.
costly customer support
None
Ink replacement can be a bit expensive.
none
Never really use the flash card readers
Driver installation can be a little tricky.Follow instructions to the letter!
Expensive, auto sensor sometimes not reliable
Initial Price, Potential Ink Waster
Expensive
Water based inks?
On the high-end of price for a home printer.
On the high-end of price for a home printer.
Slow printing on higher-quality settings, expensive ink
Not expensive if you remember you can add a 2nd head for 2 sided printing.
Paper feed, four color CMYK system, will not read smart media files above 2Mb
HP needs to go to separate color ink wells.
None
none
A bit pricey for some
Could be considered expensive 
None
Original Color Ink Cartridge goes out fast
None
The black ink is an economy cartridge, the double-sided printing module causes the printer to not flush against the wall and takes up more desk top space, the auto align isn't aligned and doing so manually is something I haven't figured yet
nearly self-destructs when trying to print Avery videotape labels &amp; t-shirt transfers
uses ink quick,kind of expensive
none
It is a little slow on printing!
Slower than I'd like for photos.  Not much else.  
Paper trays are a little flimsy, ink cartridges have less volume.
If you are impatient, you won't like this unit.
Slow printing speed, only optimal on photo prints, not borderless 8.5 x 11 inch prints.
Small ink cartridges
Somewhat slow printing.
Have to swap out cartridges (black/photo)
The Smart Media Card reader is slow when transferring files.
thick paper tends to have to be hand fed
Can be slow, ink smears until dry (not unique to this printer).
I don't see any but some may say the print speeds.
Lacks LCD screen. Only holds two cartridges at a time, so no seven-ink prints.
Only lets you one black cartridge at a time.
Could have a more sturdy, better constructed paper/output tray.
Remarkably SLOW flash card reader.
Difficulty feeding photo paper. It will sometime grab multiple sheets
none
some parts feel a little flimsy, cartridge storage can be awkward
Flimsy build quality. Ink not water resistant. Need to switch cartridges often.
Average text and graphics quality.  Plain paper photo printing could be better.  Construction Quality?
None, well maybe the cost!
Price, colors not as vibrant as other high end photo inkjets like Canon S900.
none
Really none, when you look at the results
Flimsy paper tray lid, expensive ink, colors need software adjustment, duplexer for plain paper only
Wee bit pricey for slightly less than perfect color output, doesn't include USB cable.
Printing speeds are industry average. May consume ink fast, depending on how you customarily print.
expensive ink cartridges. slow access time of the media slots. bad install program
Small ink tank, cheaply made paper tray (I use legal paper), and poor software package
Must Use HP's 4x6 Photo Paper to get Full 4x6 Print!  Print Cartridges Not Cheap!
None at this time.
None
Does not come with a cable to connect to your computer
Only 2400 x 1200 dpi but for the price great.
Costly print cartridges
Will probably be obsolete to by soon, but has great support
color rendition not always true
Pricey cartridge refills. 
prints are not water resistant
photo size restrictions
Printer is bulky. Also runs best with HP paper products.
Big. Like HUGE. The new P1000 is much smaller. No Mac driver, if you care about Macs.
high maintenance, expensive, hard to find
a little slow
Slow as a donkey, Expensive Ink, Expensive Paper
Only works with some versions of windows. Ink is expensive, speed is horrible
I waited too long to get it!
Expensive inks. Typical HP printer driver. Quirks with the "paper saver" mode.
No Borderless prints! 
BAD color.  Not Windows XP compatible.
None so far.
&lt;i&gt;Difficult to Install Win98 Driver&lt;/i&gt;
none found
Ink Cartridges are very expensive
Some problems getting USB to work,, OSX driver works but incomplete.
DOT4_001 errors, driver updating
Slow when printing HQ photos, Expensive ink and frequent need to replace
Loud, Shakes my entire desk
Set up, doesn't like Win98
none
Cost of print cartridges.
paper jams in some printers-not mine-rare
only certain cameras work with infra red device
Big. Takes up alot of space on my desk though.
More complicated control panel
Relatively slow, glossy paper can get expensive.
hard to believe,found NONE 
Tray the paper fall into does not pull out. 
Windows 2000 driver is very bad, hopefully it has been updated.
More expensive than other &amp;quot;home&amp;quot; printers, hard to find in stock, sleek design may look out of place with your other boring components
Application Limited
Win 98 Incompatible out of the box, Ink is too expensive.    
A little pricey if you don't plan on printing many pictures
Black ink cartridge runs out sometimes
Uses a lot of computer resources, photos require tweaking for best quality
The HP ink is still too expensive
Expensive
manufacturing problem
deep price
Troublesome photo tray; slow card reader
Hefty Price Tag.
Installation was way too hard.  Drawing mechanism a little too inconsistent
A little slow, but it doesn't matter
It broke the first time I tried it
Printer drivers on the CD unacceptable.
Pricey ink
A wee bit pricey
Doesn't like to operate through other devices. No Parallel or USB connection cables included.
Poorly-written driver for parallel port cable, no cable included.
slow; installation breaks; expensive ink
Expensive ink cartridges, software
Uses a bit of ink, envelopes occasionally jam
is not compatible with IE.5.5 or IE.6
Doesn't come with needed Cables.  
Jams once in a while ripping the paper, lines when printing color from PC.
Poor high gloss photo support, poor borderless prints support &amp; no smoothing mechanism for photos.
Printer died after 18 months. Only option-- pay $423 for refurbished model!
Hard to get a jam out from the back
Lacks a good photo-editing program
Does not include USB or parallel port printer cable
cost is still to high
high cost
I have no use for the infrared port
Expensive, I hope the costs of ink cartridges comes down soon.
Still a bit pricy, but well worth it.
single tricolor tank, colorfastness, waterfastness
cost of cartridges and frequent loss of communication with PC errors
Cost of ink and slight mis feeds
Fairly expensive printer cartridges
Names by buttons on front of printer a little hard to read.
price
Not compatible with Mac.
Can't think of a one... not into anything MAC so I really don't care that they're not compatible
could not install
Windows-only, has some problems with feeding envelopes
Duplexing worth $100???
I can't think of any, I guess it could be cheaper.
Awful tech support, worst tech support ever!
When printing photos uses a lot of ink - but they are great pictures!
Blew up my Windows 98 for four days
??????????????????
none that I see yet
Expensive to operate.
none
Photo quality not that much better than original
a little pricey for home use
Expensive, needs a fast PC
Paper bin only holds 150 sheets, slow printing at best quality, HEAVY (13 lbs., 15 with the 2-sided printer add-on), shakes my stand, no method of preview for the CompactFlash or SmartMedia cards, Windows required to use many of the special features (two-s
Slipping H.P. support.  Poor envelope handling.
The large capacity color ink cartridge is $60+...
The price of cartridges and paper, however, it is still cheaper than having photos developed.
Discontinued by HP, even though its technology is the same as the currently available P1000.
Print Cartridges Run Out Quick and are over $60 for Large Capacity
Ink usage is a high.  Rear paper jams.
The cartridges are costly! But there are some places you can get deals on them.
paper jam, excess ink use, improper scan &amp; sizing
none found
HONESTLY NONE AT ALL
Software runs kind-of-slow sometimes. Not true 48 bit scanning.
pulls accidentally more than one sheet of paper, RAM-demanding, problems with communicating with PC
None found.
Troubleshooting area of reference guide is very minimal and only covers software problems in detail
Doesn't include a USB cable, printer is very light in comparison to print head
After  scan,  part that saves, and lets you select file format, don't open
Slightly noisier than I expected
No USB cable, won't network.
Horrible software. Buggy. Can't customize settings. No toll free support.
Doesn't handle faxes and answering machines well.
Large.
There really are no cons to this printer
no USB cable included, your computer needs to be up-to-speed
None
cannot do borderless photos, cartridge price expensive
Cannot use legal size documents to copy, fax or scan.  
single color ink cartridge
Ink requirement steep, poor multi-fax sending capabilities.
expensive ink tanks
None
A bit heavy on ink usage plus the ink cartridges are small.
None.
Slow, the controls are difficult to use. No success Mac or PC.
Ink cost prohibitive
none.
A bit noisy before printing
high ink useage, software is difficult to install properly on Win XP
doesn't work, cartridges won't align, and NO BACKLIT DISPLAY. Noisy.
Problems with driver and CF card.
Prints slowly.  Eats up ink very quickly. Scans quickly.
USB Cable not included.
Trying to print a couple of photos was a little tricky. 
none yet
None
A little slow, cant save faxes to memory.
Prints Slow In Best Quality Mode, No Feeder Tray For Faxing, USB Cable Not Included
None
No Fax
over-packaged, horribly expensive ink cartridges
No fax, had to download a driver from some place else.
Not a laser printer, sometimes the software freezes for a while when initialized. 
USB Cable not included
lots of minutes per page with Mac OS/X
Cartridge cost.
pay long distance for tech support
I am at a loss as to where to begin!
Really bad scanner and awkward software
no fax facility, can't do A3 copies
Customer Service does not have a Toll Free #
Cost of ink cartridges.
Two-way communication is not 100%, tolled long distance help line. Not compatible with Windows XP.
The worst scanner I have seen in 15 years as a designer.
Does not fax have fax feature, somewhat noisy, ink cartridges are pricey. 
Major installation problems, works for some &amp; doesnt for others.
Big, USB only, Paper feed tray
No major complaints.
Price for ink.  Costs over $200.
Big
Ink costs, but so do all multifunction printer ink.
Must buy a USB Cable
Ink is a little expensive , Had to download software to run with XP
pay out of your own pocket for long distance tech support.
CAN'T PRINT IN TRUE PHOTO QUALITY!
Ink price
big size
Software is not compatible with WinXP
Paper jams consistently and no fax included.
None yet
None yet
Sometimes has printing errors.
Max 8.5" paper width, high price if you don't use all the features
No multi document feed for faxing.
fax scanning is it's weakness
Automatic Duplexer does not work with WinXP
Expensive printer cartridges.
None yet
None noted
I couldn't set up the fax machine with a calling card.  No USB cable included.
No sheet feeder for multipage fax. Scanner light stays on for a long time.
Lack of networking support; no multipage FAX input
HP Scanning Software
Ink cartridges are pretty expensive.
Software is not the best
Poor photo printing quality. Flimsy construction. Expensive ink.
Out of Warranty Repairs are expensive, not worth the cost.
No auto paper feeder for feeding paper to be into scanner, to be faxed.
USB Communication with ME flaky - Tech Support Horrible
HP driver updates some printers is poor.  HP "all-in-one" software demanding.
everything else
Problems with installing software. 
printer extremely slow with Windows 98
Big noises, software crashes
Labels seem to transfer slowly. 
Ink cartridges are expensive. Will not print banners.
Tends to pull more than one sheet of paper
Paper handling startup noise
Paper handling could be better
scanning software, scanner is very loud on return motion
"how- to" manual not included, USB cable not included
Noisy! Fragile inards. Broke after 4 months light use. HP replaced for free. Still happy!
Some limitations might be too much for advanced users to live with.
Color toner all in one cartridge.
Gulps ink (pricey cartridges), somewhat sloppy ink distribution in color print function
None
Strange noises worry me.
Ink use; ink expense
Can't scan legal-size "from the glass," must use document feeder, eats color cartridges like popcorn.
slow to start printing, paper tray drops paper
scanning software
Color copies slightly faded, ink consumption, letter sized glass plate.
colour representation, grainy in low light, LCD 'washed out', compression dodgy
The battery life is not great.
flash too bright, small memory, grainy picture if low light, fuzzy zoom
poor battery life, no manual adjustment,bad picture quality, flimsy build 
Flash too bright, not great for indoor photos.
Can only take 12 pictures on the "best" setting.
4MB of internal memory, no power adapter, poor LCD.
Bad quality in LCD screen, 
Flash blows everything out, no macro, poor LCD
Batteries do get used quite a but unless you have adapter
Grainy shots, poor focusing, poor use of auto-flash features. You get what you pay for.
horrible battery life, has a few minor annoyances
Battery life is short
Definitely not for taking actions shots.
takes a long time to warm up, pictures taken aren't instantaneous
Viewfinder not accurate, clunky size, delay when snapping photo - action shots difficult to capture.
Guzzles battery juice, only 4MB
It sucks battery power like a vampire sucks blood.
Battery life is terrible!
Problems with memory card...TWICE!
Horrible battery life, 4mb memory card, intermittent flash trouble.
Battery consumption,not many features
poor resolution, short battery life, small memory capacity, limited features
Only 4 MB CF card included, eats through batteries like there's no tomorrow
get rechargable batteries!, small 4mb card included,but 16mb card is cheap
Drains batteries, no auto shutoff, lens not protected, NO MAC Support EVER !
eats batteries, no carrying case, only 4MB memory
Extremely short battery life, some connection errors to PC, small CF card included.
Short battery life, takes a long time to autofocus. 
Batteries do not last at all in this camera.
Cheap
eats batteries. small CF card
Drains batteries and viewfinder provides a deceiving image
drains batteries like you wouldn't believe, very slow to take pictures
Ate batteries ,difficult to use ,and failed me right before vacation.
Once Camera is turned off you have to reset parameters.
Eats batteries and sometimes slow to "warm up".
It is cheap.
Photo quality is not great.  Eats batteries like piranhas eat wounded cattle.
Takes long to focus, long time to charge flash, EATS batteries
Only a 4 MB card, virtually no battery life, no AC adapter.  Poor zoom capablities.
delay between when u press the button and when it actually takes the pic
Very slow in taking photo
It sucks batteries, and my cord is not working.
Slow LCD frame rate in some conditions.
High battery turnaround, no zoom, cannot connect directly to Macs
battery life
Reverts to defaults every power-down, poor quality in less-than-optimal lighting
Nothing really about the camera itself, but the extra flash cards are kinda' high.
You go through too many batteries, can't use rechargable ones
Only comes with 4MB CF, extremely short battery life.
Bulky...good if your a man...also this  will not work immediately with Windows ME!
needs a case to come with it; hard to see photo in sunlight
Slow Shutter
Camera can't adequately use large memory cards.
None for what I need the camera for.
Battery Life
Poor picture quality, very slow speed between pictures, quite large, no zoom
Digital zoom isn't great
Slow recovery to shoot another shot.
battery drainer
Small lens, grainy pictures
Low resolution, no optical zoom,  and eats batteries
-Pictures can sometimes look pixelated (Not Clear), -Batteries drain quickly
Slow to take a picture at times
zoom doesn't work very good, hard to find accessories, slightly bulky
sooo slow to take pictures, short battery life 
none noticed
horrible digital zoom-battery life low-shutter lags-top controls dim
Not compatible with Windows ME
Most images come out blurry, poor quality in low lighting conditions, BAD close up shots!
Bulky, Heavy, Battery Eater
No optical zoom, no a/c adapter, slow shutter
Lack of self-timer.
Digital zoom = why bother?
doesn't come with adapter
No Optical Zoom, Alkalines don't last long, watch for conflicts on initial set-up
Battery Life, inadequate zoom
Eats up batteries, no A/C adapter, no video output
No video outlets. No A/C adaptor.
A little awkward to hold for vertical shots; slow recovery between shots.
Memory chip quite small, no AC adapter included.
Don't buy this camera if you have XP or windows 2000.
extensive LCD use drains batteries quickly
Performs moderate to poor in low lighting conditions, even with flash
8 MB CompactFlash card inadequate, Case not included, Short battery life
LCD image quality could be better.
short battery life, no A/C adapter included
Comes with small amount of memory (8mb); No built in rechargable batteries.
everything else, not durable at all. short term use.
If you want a telephoto lens or wide-angled lens, you have to spend additional bucks.
none
2 .5x zoom, expensive compact flash memory, and a little pricey
lack of power? not enough for price
zoom can be a pain, battery use
Loves to eat batteries. But then again, what electronic gadget doesn't?
zoom, delay before the picture is taken and battery length
2.5x zoom not very useful
As with all digitals, use of the LCD kills batteries
digital zoom distorts pixels
doesn't come with a power supply cord
Poor color reproduction, high battery use 
viewfinder could be a little clearer,no ISO settings
not for pros, no included adapter or case, digital zoom lacks definition
No standard A/C adapter, no video outputs
Comes w/only 8MB flash, some photos blurred
kills batteries, only 8MB memory card
Loves to eat Batteries!
Grainy zoom, expensive accessories
pricey flash cards
No optical zoom; cannot store images in uncompressed format.
Quality of Picture, Battery Life, Tech Support, EVERYTHING AUTOMATIC
Eats up the batteries&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Needs more than a 2.5 zoom
Some pictures are blurry at certain distances. A little grainy in certain light.
None
No adapter, camera case etc.
High capacity compact flash cards are a little steep in price.
not the best digital camera available if your a professional.
No optical zoom
No manual features.  AC power supply is an option that should have been included.
No zoom
Pricey, considering it doesn't come with AC adapter or good photo editor.
no a/c cord, bad zoom controls, LCD hard to see
Batteries go to quickly!
unclear pictures, wait time, battery use, 
Use of zoom lens creates photos that are less than sharp
No lens cover
No lens cover, no optical zoom, thin and fragile battery and CF doors
No macro mode, no lens cover, poor quality zoom
Had a little difficulty with supplied connection software. Delay of actual click/shoot is long.
Red eye, must have red eye on or you'll be sorry 
No lense cover.
No case, no lens cover
drop it once and it is dead.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;aliasing on jpg.
No lens cover, battery life is horrid.
Variable picture quality.  Quick battery life.
Can't take continuous pics, too long to shoot
Battery life, lcd screen
Battery life.
No lens cover, battery drainer
Uses lots of photo paper(lol)
Nowadays, might be able to find a lot better for a little more???  
Too simple, kinda slow focusing, NO Advanced functions.
Batteries fade quickly; battery cover pops open easily during use
No non-digital zoom, lacks bells and whistles. Slow data X-fer and save.
Not the best pictures. I expected better.
Bad photo quality: focus, file size, dark image.
Must keep camera at high quality settings.
slow, on/off button, no optical zoom and only 2x digital zoom
No auto shutoff.
uses batteries like crazy
Uses up batteries power very quickly, doesn't always take clear pictures
Batteries die after unloading once or twice
Eats battery life, somewhat fragile in battery door, not for quality photographs
A bit finicky, requires large distance to focus.
No lens cover, takes time to snap pics, slow data x-fer
Camera seems cheaply made
no optical zoom, one star pics come out poorly
Eats batteries like they're goin' out of style., Takes lousy pictures., 
Battery life, freezes sometimes, 
no lens cover, no video out, no optical zoom, fragile battery and CF doors.
Battery hog in some modes
poor picture quality, cheap construction, lack of lense cover
Uses batteries pretty fast. 
Poor picture quality for indoor pictures. LCD screen has low resolution.
slow to take pictures, eats up batteries, no ability to record video
Chows batteries, no lens cover or case
Sucks down batteries, no manual focus
Printing software is long and involved, bring a snack. :), 
if you are looking for a professional quality than this isn't recommended
none
Pictures taken with the zoom are blurry, it eats batteries
No optical zoom, internal memory very small, rather bulky
battery door won't stay closed - not much use that way
Don't use the self-timer on this camera because it turns the camera off to quick
none that I can think of
HP parts must be purchased directly from HP, Zooming in reduces quality
Takes too long between photos.  Better outdoors than indoors.
Not the best photo quality, small internal memory
On button is small.
eats batteries, only 2.1MP
No manual focusing
No sound on movies, :30 limit on movies
Uses up batteries fairly quickly.
Poor zoom.  Lack of memory.
Lag time. Eats batteries. (same as all mid range digital cameras)
Eats batteries!
Battery Sucker, Delay between when you push button and picture is taken
Shutter lag time is long, flash does not always work, focus doesn't always work. 
Eats battery, slow in all aspects, 72dpi JPEG, plastic casing
very bad flash quality for night time picture.  Color is all off with flash.
Poor shutter lag, bulky, battery hog
No Case, Wish the batteries didn't burn so quick!
poorly designed function index
Eats batteries like crazy!
AC Adapter is unreasonably expensive.
Does not come with case and AC
A good value for the price. No cons.
USB communication problem, more related to my computer than the camera.
Viewfinder offset not suitable for close up shots.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Viewfinder 20% smaller than photo/LCD image.
Problems with color balance, automatic flash and shutter speed.
Short battery life, USB software setup problems.
HP software leaves a lot to be desired.
Eats batteries, lag in shutter response.
Lens cover appears flimsy.
Manual operation and resolution is over-rated.
Poor durability, costly to repair, terrible HP customer service experience.
Battery door is cheap plastic.  Cannot see LCD in Light
AC adapter too expensive; menu navigation initially a little confusing
would like a bigger CF card
Slow shutter, I could use a longer optical zoom
Regular batteries do not last long
Not support IBM microdrive
None!
Power Consumption - Needs Alternative NiMH Batteries, Costly (but useful) AC Adapter is optional.
rather expensive AC adapter, after using for a few months &lt;b&gt;images are soft&lt;/b&gt;
Poor Battery Life, Has low quality settings which is not good.
not supercompact in size, no rech.
Made in Phillipines, No Physical Manual
This camera would not work on 3 different computers without purchasing a powered USB hub.
No focus light for pictures in low light. Only 30 sec of video
the black color
So, what's the catch? Why, it's &lt;i&gt;OBSOLETE!&lt;/i&gt; And, it's Digital.
Short battery life, LCD screen hard to read outside
I haven't found any yet except shutter lag.
Lasted one cyle of batteries and died
Goes through batteries rather quickly.
size
shutter delay after pushing the button
battery life is very poor.  Video option sound quality is poor.  
Inordinate long period of time for the camera to save a picture.
The Price, but you get what you pay for!
Battery life when using video camera
Expensive, but worth it if it's used a lot
Battery life could be longer, charging of flash a bit slow
Eats batteries, no manual settings.
Focus can be a little finiky in poor light conditions.
This camera goes through batteries!   Also, the flash takes too long to re-charge. 
Extremely slow shutter speed 
Long time between photos, bad in low-light conditions, HP charges for driver downloads now
misses focus, useless in low light
Rechargable batteries almost a must; sometimes shifts to video mode unintentionally (due to dial placement)
Sound is not all that good on videos or pictures with audio.  
Very little storage comes with camera
low storage on disk
Small LCD screen, long time between pictures
The Video feature... and Rechargable Batteries are a must for this camera.
Batteries die fast
Eats batteries, 16M of memory not enough
Slow autofocus and shutter speed in Automatic mode.
hard to see through viewfinder in bright light. drains batterys quickley
Pictures are HORRIBLY blurry
Battery life &amp; HP Support
Limited ISO range (only 100 and 200). Need to pre-focus. Otherwise excellent.
Lens slow. Body chintzy. Display not jointed. Settings reset. No top readout.
a bit bulky, a little slow on the focus
focus problems,  pixelization, color separation, major shutter lag medium light
Auto focus slow. 16 meg card too small., Software is buggie
poor macro, small feature set
slow LCD
Power consumption, resolution
Slow recovery and Software
Slow download - no macrofocus
Not able to manually manipulate settings for more artistic work.
none
none
batteries dont last long
Pricey Picture developing
uses lots of batteries
Uses many batteries if you utilize the display option, has no zoom capabilities.
Delays in shutter release, delays between shots, hard to turn off flash
batteries don't last when using high draw modes
Eats batteries &amp;amp; lacks USB port
does NOT support rechargeable batteries, short battery life, no lens cover
Slow serial interface, LCD hard to see in bright light.
not reliable, batteries go fast, no AC adapter included
Large, slow serial downloads, and no real zoom.
Fragile connection port, fuzzy "zoom"
Delay in the picture taking process, battery eater, slow transfers.
short battery life
No AC adapter. Use rechargeable batteries. Will be helpful to have a card reader.
Hesitates when taking a photo, zoom in takes out detail.
Should come with a power cord
Uses batteries quickly, recommend an AC adapter.
Boxy but good, no optical zoom, few manual expert features
Zoom needs some work
Low number of pictures available on high setting
AC ADAPTOR is a very costly extra!!
drains batteries
Probably not as good of resolution as some other leading digital cameras..not for the Professional Photographer...
Drains batteries quickly
drains batteries quickly
slow downloading pictures
you need a big hardrive to download photos
like all digital cameras buy rechargeble batteries
Needs a lot of light
difficult buttons, expensive ac adapter
separate viewfinder from the lens.
Had to purchase extras
Battery life, Serial connection
does not have an ac adapter with it
Slightly bulky, LCD viewfinder a bit choppy.
Eats batteries like no body's business!
doesn't come with wall power adapter, software could be better.
No rechargeable power source, slight delay when shooting.
battery energy vampire
Images taken using the flash
must purchase ac power adapter separately
Would advise upgrade to direct connection download. Will eat batteries.
difficulty in using electronic zoom, delay in responding to trigger
The price is still a little high
speed, memory
Cons: Eats batteries if you don't have an AC adapter (doesn't come with one either)
Eats Batteries Like Crazy
nothing
Somewhat pricey initial cost; plug-in not easily accessible
battery life is important
poor quality control &amp;amp; poor attitude 
the lcd screen eats batteries like crazy.  You need to purchase an ac/dc adapter.  You can only get it from Hewlett Packard.
battery is somewhat weak, files take up a lot of RAM
Could not find any
Drains batteries and switching modes
battery hungry, 8 second wait between pix
Long download time, no a/c adapter included.
bulky
a little pricy, but not too bad
the accessories get a bit expensive
No ac/dc converter-no case
no zoom, uses batteries quickly
eats double AA  batteries quick
Picture clarity not as clear as a good 35mm
Eats thru batteries quickly if you do not have the AC adaptor
should come with an AC adapter
eats batteries.
Battery life is limited.
none so far
Awkward manual exposure setting - You'd better be prepared to buy an AC Adapter
none
the latch for the compactflash card could be a little more sturdy
No case or a/c adapter included with package
no strap to carry with
bulky, processing times between shots, LCD display
Batteries often need to be replaced
AA batteries run out too quickly, HP doesn't provide everything
eats batteries, tri-pod mount
No built in Zoom, and only 1 mega-pixel
1 megapixal
none that I have discovered
Short battery life
the LCD screen drains batteries fast
1
Speed
A little pricy...but worth it
uses batteries way tooooooo fast
Useless Zoom, Not for High End Users
NO Optical zoom only digital, zoom eats batteries
nothing
Lack of Optical Zoom (it's a pricey feature)
jerky lcd display, poor serial interface/software
battery killer, small CF card
Connection to computer, stability, flash
Wish the zoom was greater
Battery Life, Serial Connection, No Optical Zoom
AC power adapter not included
Medium battery life, Cord is sometimes difficult to unplug.
?
heavy
none
None
LCD display is jerky and slow, no carrying case, AC adaptor expensive ($50), poor digital zoom
Controls are basic, no ac adapter
Fast battery use, no AC adapter came w/ it.
Choppy LCD display, lack of extended features.
Horrible quality of indoor pics, hard to delete pics
frequent break downs
Definitaly use  an Adapter
1/2 second shot delay and low battery life while using the LCD screen
no carrying case to protect camera
None
No AC adapter, Serial only--no USB, poor flash
Battery life and no floppy disk to hold photos 
can't think of any!
uses batteries quickly
uses lot of batteries
none
none
doesn't take good moving shots but I haven't seen one that does
No optical zoom; poor LCD; battery &amp;quot;hog&amp;quot;; barely 1 Megapixel; flash is insufficient indoors
could use more memory
Picture quality, battery usage
Low Battery Life
inhales batteries, 2x zoom
Doesn't take photos well at night.
Can't use Recharge Batteries&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Bad Battery life
1.3 Megapixel cameras just don't cut it.  
Battery usage(without AC adapter), Zoom is not great.
Bulky design to camera, uses up batteries quickly, no USB or AC adapter
Great for personal picture-taking, but not quite enough pixel capacity for the professional.
Not the best digital quality out there and it takes awhile to unload the pictures.
Does not come bundled with a PC card reader
Eats up batteries REAL fast
No optical zoom
Extended use of LCD screen dramatically decreases battery life
no carrying case
zoom, rapid shoots
Uploading of pics slow 
Goes through batteries quickly if you don't watch it!
Software has limited editing capabilities.
timer needs to be reactivated after each use
Bulky size, battery glutton, software problems with PC connections
Digital, not optical, zoom; sluggish processing speed; battery-sucker
Zoom, Slow Transfer, Basic Features
The only thing I don't like is after down loading to computer it would be nice to be able to reload pictures to the camera
Found nothing negative
Need more pixels!!
Batteries do not last very long
cheap carry strap, short battery life, no 12 volt adapter
No optical zoom
Should be sold with case
If you don't have re-chargable batteries, get some.  Really goes through batteries.
could use bigger flash card
None
Battery consumption, inability for macro close-ups, tiny feature buttons
Eats batteries
zoom a little difficult
It is missing some features, such as zoom.
Download takes a long time
Zoom feature is minimal
need better support
short battery life
None
under seat storage is too shallow, seat seemed too thin
Doesn't compact as small as I would like.
A little heavy.
don't have any yet--I guess the color if I had to pick
I didn't care for the drawstring seat adjuster. I think they can improve that.
heavy, not very compact when folded, plasticky accessories, sun shade is just ok
Canopy is limited, "Child tray" is flimsy, Heavy (21 lbs), Seat adjuster is not great
The sunscreen isn't big enough to be effective and there's no hand brake.
Shoulder straps can be a little loose on a small baby.
Not a true jogging stroller, weight, tires are small, 5 point harness could be better.
Heavier in weight and may not fold as flat as some strollers.
none
No bugscreen or weathershield; seat needs extra seating pad (cost extra)
test
Hard to find, seat cover would be nice
On the bulky side, hard to find in stores
Hard to find in stores and the shoulder straps are a little loose
It doesn't quite recline flat, but it is enough for baby to sleep comfortably.
Hard to find
Very poor battery performance
Self-defeating thumb scroll power/mode button kills battery regularly
Takes time to set up for low light pictures,, Battery does not last very long
Battery "Pig", and too many involved steps to the finished product.
Extremely complicated controls and settings; Instruction manual VERY poorly written; Maybe it's an experimental model.
power hungry, small LCD 
Size is larger than film P&amp;S, battery life is zapped way too quickly
Proprietary battery, short battery life, menus difficult to get around
Scarce, hard to get.
The worst of all digital cameras in 3.3 Megapixel
It is expensive because it is a relative novelty, and do not get it wet.
Win2k operation problems.
low quality, battery life, low # of pics in memory
Quality Sucks&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Eats Batteries
hard to change settings, photo quality not very good
Not much storage, zaps batteries
everything else
NO TECH SUPPORT AVAILABLE ANYMORE
You get what you paid for....
Power hungry, poor low light performance
Pictures can be a little fuzzy
Not good quality on the photos, no storage
Camera, I don't think so.
Flash uses batteries fast, software could be better, usb can be finicky pictures are mediocre
No zoom available, can not find anywhere to contact company, it seems to have disappeared!
Eats Batteries. 
WORKS BEST OUTSIDE
Over Priced
Pictures vey sharp 
Picture quality is  not the best
Doesn't work!
everything else
Cheap
Pictures resemble the artwork of fetus holding a dry paintbrush
Terrible image quality before fix
Road-hog software lulls you to sleep, so (hopefully) you won't notice the crummy pictures
Picture quality
Poor quality pics, nearly no print capabilites, cheap look, I can go on and on.
poor picture quality...very poor
Blurry, contrast, lack of colors
The camera can use a litter better resolution
Every thing
The quality is terrible and it's a waste of money. 
Not the highest quality.
Unless you buy a multimedia card it's worthless.
Pic quality is C-, problems, poor manufacturer support, waste of money in the long run
Driver installment
No flash, poor pictures, and you can't see the pics until you download.
not perfect pictures, higher resolution=less capacity
low-quality pics, difficult for children to operate
Lack of flash,  Bad for indoors
not meant for pros
Did you read my review?
Not the best picture quality, limited storage on high res.
Screws up computers, doesn't have a good quality picture
no flash, very sensitive
Less than perfect photo quality
blurry,grainy,very poor quality
built horribly, and they know it!!!!
No Flash 
touchy button, no flash
Need GOOD lighting for pictures
No Flash, Low Resolution, No Removable Memory.
The camera can use a litter better resolution
very very poor picture quality and out of business...you wont get rebate
Very limited use- no flash, too small capacity
picture quality
Picture quality
After the novelty wears off-throw it away!
no flash, only stores 8 pictures at a time
Only six pics, a lot of light needed for good pics.
Lighting needs to be perfect, somewhat blurry
no zoom
none for the money invested
Only holds 8 pics @640x480,Needs a flash
Poor pictures, no tech support.
No flash
pictures can be grainy and dark, need to download photos often
Barely noticeable pictures, only stored 6 photos
lighting problem, blurry pictures
We had trouble (not being super computer proficient) with getting the camera system to work the first time.
confusing
deceptive advertising, hair trigger, faulty port
Takes time to figure out how to get the best quality picture
Low resolution
No flash, no lock for shutter button,
low quality pictures no flash
You could probably get a better picture with a more expensive camera
everything
Poor picture quality and size
too hard to install
blurry pictures, poor quality
Quality of resolution diminishes significantly over 8 photos
images are blurry or poorly lit.  
Computer Interconectivity/Functionality
doesn't work as well with serial port as with usb
EVERYTHING! dark pictures, blurry images, cheap
can be hard to install, needs lots of lighting.
not the best quality
everything!!
none
not a lot of storage, 
Lousy indoor pictures (most repairable though), poor focus, non-upgradable.
Software Is Troublesome, Requires Steady Fingers
bad resolution impossible to figure out
no flash, limited picture capacity in high res mode.
It is unattractive and cheap looking
not top of the line, junky
Poor Quality
not good for sports(blurry)
bad quality photos, no flash, long wait for download
bad resolution
Low storage capacity and not the best quality pictures
ate bateries
image quality is not very good and no flash
cheesy name and look, no preview screen and no flash.
Not quality Pictures
everything
pictures are extremely blurry, pictures must be downloaded directly onto your computer
Not photo-quality results, no flash/zoom, low capacity
only stores 8 pictures at a time, extremely poor photo quality, everything is washed in blue, all photos have &amp;quot;fish bowl&amp;quot; effect
not for printing
Too Bad the pictures don't come out so good
Already broke
plastic, not durable
needs an integrated flash.
grainy pictures, no LCD, only holds 24 pics, no removable memory.
overall clarity of pictures
poor quality pictures, no removable storage
Everything
no flash/small picture capacity
does not take good pictures
low quality
Gee, where would I start?
no removable memory
Cheap
Picture quality is bad
Tricky setup, slow
No LCD display, no flash
Terrible Photo Quality, No Flash, Mushy Shutter Button, no LCD screen
Picture quality is not ideal, no flash
Poor Photo Quality, no LCD Display, no flash.  
Multimedia cards are not cheap
Stores small number of pics at high res, low battery life.
But, doesn't mean you should part with your money.
only holds 8 normal sized photos, photos very low quality
Poor image quality,no flash
If only I had done some research on digital cams
Can't take close-up shots
automatic flash,no previews too pricey 
No zoom, battery eater
Batteries go fast, lack of zoom
Memory
Needs a zoom for full range of  picture taking
Slow Download time, No ZOOM or MACRO
uses batteries fast
Would really benefit from a zoom lens
serial connection too slow, needs many batteries, no bag and inadequate lens-cover
none
Expensive picture cards if you want a larger one
Photo quality, included software, battery life, no case, slow picture transfer to computer, no zoom
Should have included an AC adapter and Case
Slow shots and transfer.
Set up instructions
short battery life and no zoom
low storage capacity
Another serial device to attach, could be better with USB
Short battery life, Mac software difficult to install, troubleshoot, compact flash memory card has limited capacity
uses batteries quickly, not reliable
low number of pictures stored
doesn't come with rechargeable batteries or an AC Adapter
short battery life
grainy enlargements
No zoom
Somewhat heavy with batteries, battery muncher
Slightly bigger than most digitals, computer transfer may be a problem for some.
very few features, not that hot in low light, hates batteries
Eats batteries like a kid in a candy store, noseprints, slow software
needs zoom
low resolution
Eats Batteries, No Zoom
uses up batteries fairly quickly with the LCD display on
battery monster
Limited quantity of pics on high resolution
Battery life very short....but most digital cameras are the same way if not worse
Fixed-focus, delay between shots.
Never a leader, it has fallen well behind the field in features and price.
photo's take a LONG time to download
None
slow serial connection, flimsy design, VERY short battery life
Too many buttons to push to change menu items.
Bulky, low-resolution, expensive
Not very resilient
download time from camera to computer not usb
slow to write images to flash card, can't download all pictures at the same time to a folder, must download one picture at a time
No USB interface, small smart-card
eats batteries
you will need extras, and lots of batteris
Battery life, flash card eject
Lens cover not built in, could use more zoom
none
short battery life and slightly blurry high quality pictures
Gets fingerprints on LED window
Uses Batteries very fast if screen is used to take pictures
Eats batteries without using AC adaptor when downloading
Uses batteries up real fast and the view screen is a little small
a little heavy compared to a regular camera
hard on batteries
Serial connection (buy a USB card reader), soft at infinity
Lack of AC adapter
Eats up the batteries!
Battery life is very short
seconds between pictures
Not durable, EATS batteries, LCD screen difficult to see outdoors
Battery tray is sometimes a bit awkward.
Confusion between zoom and power switch. Pricey.
Lack of Good Zoom, Battery Hog, Red-Eye control
battery life. software setup could be better
none
none
small memory chip, takes a couple of minutes to down load pictures to your pc.
battery consumption, picture storage time
computer produced pictures not top quality
Eats Batteries
Is There Any? I Guess The Small Memory Card Could Be A Con For Some...
4mb Picture Card
short alkaline battery life, slow connection using serial port, not photo quality
drains down batteries fast
none
Expensive for the additional accessories.
The LCD is slightly off center
haven't found any yet!
not near photoquality prints, fuzzy LCD display
none that I have come across yet!!
Delay between shots, eats batteries like popcorn
no case
Terrible for outside. Fuzzy pictures. Plastic battery compartment might break.
loves to eat batteries for breakfast... 
Flimsy card cover, long recovery time between shots
Eats batteries if you aren't careful.
Battery life &amp;amp; Download time.
Price may be high for some.  Need to purchase carrying case.
Noone seems to run it on sale.
None that I can find.      :-)
Having prints made can be expensive, so shop around
none
Limited zoom range
needs accessories
Location of Lens
Not good printing quality
batteries run low fast
comes with 4mb compact flash, you'll want a bigger one
does not come with AC adapter
No carrying case
uses alot of juice
Runs through batteries
Picture taking without flash.
Purchase case separately
had to buy reader for my iMac
Just remember to recharge the batteries.
expensive, eats photos
battery hog, supplied card not big enough
8MB card not enough
Eats Batteries
constantly runs out of battery power
Only sometimes your  finger gets in the way and the battery could last a bit longer
none
Batteries dont last long
battery use
Batteries die fast if use the LCD to show you what you're photographing
Goes through batteries very fast
People with larger fingers will have a bit of trouble accessing the flash card
poor display, poor pictures of movement, small memory card
Have to buy better cartrige
if you review your photos often the battery does run out quick
eats up batteries,but what digital doesn't!
Uses a lot of battery power
Having to store and print pictures.
software
Gotta get all the accessories!
None
Small flash card (4MB) included, Slow serial data transfer
low resolution produces fuzziness on larger photos
None that I've found
No pictures for the family albums. Still need a traditional camera with film!
Feels awkward at first due to weight and shape, cheap lens cap &amp;amp; battery holder, and long flash delay
Slow, Expensive development
Pause between button push and shot
can't think of one.
None
really bad software, bad computer connection
battery life
Sucks Battery Power VERY quickly
Cheap memory card slot cover/eject button.  Not so great outdoor shots.  LCD is a bit weak on brightness when using indoors at night with normal lighting.  
small viewing screen
not durable 
large LCD screen on back drains batteries fast
The LCD viewscreen is  a drain on batteries
Short zoom
batteries, slow uploading
Battery hog , slight movement makes pictures blurry
None yet
none
Only 1 Megapixel, not very good outdoor quality. No USB. Only 4MB card.
serial connection, long time between shots, 2x zoom, wasting of battery power, terrible SW bundle
Lens cap could be tighter; no saving in TIF format; plastic card holder door.
several seconds between shots, only 2x zoom, flash card eject button awkward
A little heavy, slow serial connection
A little slow registering photographs
Occasional "white spots", long recovery time.
Heavy on batteries
It goes through batteries fast, especially with the LCD display on.
Uses up batteries quickly if you don't have the adapter.
Limited resolution, expensive for a one Megapixel camera, battery hog
Serial Cable
Comes with a small memory card, need more memory
Image quality after 10ft goes WAY down.  White balance is not too good.
Eats up battery life easily.
Battery life! Viewfinder lineup!
Battery life and zoom
wimpy lens cap, no camera case
I'm afraid the little rubber outlet/cable covers might tear off in a couple of years.
still expensive
lighting problems
Heavy, drains batteries quickly, need additional mem.cards
Weighs a lot because of 4 AA batteries
Light sensitive, moderate learning curve before you'll get your best pictures
Low battery life
none
Digital isn't film.
You can't even take all the pictures you want because the batteries are just sucked up.
Annoying software
not good for outdoor or evening pictures
Slow CCD, Can't Charge Batteries in Camera
saving and deleting is very slow, delay in shot being taken after you push the button
none yet
Price will probably come down
The camera's screen viewer is in an awkward place and often accumulates streaks from noses pressing against it. One other thing is sometimes real close ups are smudged looking, but that could be my poor photography.
Price (all digital cameras!), 16MB memory would have been much better
a bit cumbersome
eats regular batteries like candy
None
Cost, Performance, and Quality
transfer to PC slow
$500, goes through batteries fast.
battery life is short, not as good of resolution as the higher priced cameras
inevitable noseprints on viewer, megapixel limitations
none
Battery life
Lens cap design, software bundle
lcd display shows finger and nose prints
inside flash sometimes not great, eats up batteries fast
Cost can be high (keep an eye out for the good deals)
Lens Cap Cover falls off
down loading can be slow with parallel interface
LCD display
bundled software lacks intuitive user interface
Lens cap falls off easily.  Big deal, right?  :-)
Pricey for 1.3 megapixels and 8 MB card, slow serial transfer
EATS batteries.
no camera bag included
No AC Power Included (?)
None
pixelation in pictures
There isnt any
battery life
LCD position, SHOULD come with a case!
delay between snap of button and actual picture taking; short battery life
Batteries exhuasted easy when downloading, some outdoor picture taking not great
None
Only takes high voltage batteries, Larger zoom would be cool.
Slow
nothing substantial
No zoom
Bad battery usage
None!
Nose hits LCD when looking through rangefinder, Battery life is a bit short
it's a digital camera
Uncanny hardware problem.  Cannot focus well in dark light or close-up.
Battery life could be better.
Doesn't capture movement or wildlife pictures well.
Lens cap stinks. Outdoor shots are inconsistent. 
As with all cameras, battery life is fair.  Zoom isn't really powerful.
Trouble getting some pictures, battery compartment seems flimsy
print limits to 8x10 or smaller
Bulky
poor battery life
battery changes were necessary, but AA batteries are easy to find almost, if not everywhere.  Only three battery changes for 250 photos, most taken with flash..
very expensive, not for a novice
Horrible battery life, Slow, Mediocre resolution
Energy hog; pricey, with extremely limited memory
no problems
Some ergonomics/design issues
BATTERY CONSUMPTION!!!! Too long saving images to card.
Batteries take about 8 hours to charge.
A little big
Hard to see screen in bright sun
flash adjustment
digital zoom, memory cost
High Price, Download software a little awkward
bulky, a few extraneous features
Lag time
can be tricky to learn how to use
Mid-range price
Large size,High drain on batteries
camera is complex, resolution isn't adequate for really great scenary shots!!
washed out pictures (easily fixed in photoshop), delayed pictures  
Ferocious use of batteries
bulky
not as ergonomic as it could be
Uses batteries at a good rate, use rechargeables
Price, delay between taking pictures, battery consumption
lens adapter, lack of case
does chew up batteries
short battery life, but can be mitigated by turning off LCD screen
Battery life, shutter lag
View finder is off center, didn't come with AC adapter
Wimpy battery, needs  larger storage
Now only comes with 8MB card.  Batteries do not last (under 15 pictures)
alkaline battery powered means less photos before it's out of power
LCD viewfinder smudges easily from your nose, no ac adapter
Weight
Weak Battery
Poor battery reporting by the camera.
Nothing major
Power
Cant stick it in my pants pocket
No included AC adapter, low optical zoom, weak action shots
no floppy disks, live LCD display would be nice
drains the batteries
batteries run out quickly
Slow zoom, no AC adapter included, flimsy lens cap
&lt;b&gt;Some difficulty  using viewfinder&lt;/b&gt;
Light Sensitivity, Zoom Limitations, 
weak zoom inability to add other zooms and filters
Quite a few--details in review.
No external flash fitting
price
It's just a little too big and heavy to be perfect.
Doesn't come with even decent memory card, case, etc.
Battery life is weak. (Recommend Buying Rechargeable) Small memory card 
two beeps that sound alike (see review text)
A little heavy relative to others in its class, digital zoom is useless (loss of quality), poor night photos
price
close ups are bad, drain on the batteries
battery life, optional ac adaptor, up close pic quality
doesn't play games like its big brothers
LCD smears
Can't think of any!
lackluster performance, no AC adapter
Hard on batteries
Close-up capability
Time consumming to learn the software
short battery life
can eat batteries, I never get a turn
without a good quality color printer and photo paper, you're stuck viewing photos on the computer
battery hogger, but has rechargeable batteries included
price 
Voracious appetite for batteries
Weak zoom;Lack of macro mode;Not much manual control
Low light capability
Need to buy an optional wire 39$
age
pricey
Zoom, LCD, color saturation
none that I can think of
battery hog, placement of LCD view panel
Moderate Battery Life, Needs a better case
Price, almost too 'user friendly'
high cost, especially if you buy a photo quality printer and extra software, etc to go with it...
loves batteries, you need rechargeables, However, The firmware update helps a lot!
None I can think of
nothing
Not at all pocketable. Lousy lens cap
not for action shots
Takes a long time to upload if you have an old computer
Like what everyone says about digital cameras - Battery eater!
haven't found any
poor battery life,small memory card
Software problems, still not able to use USB cable
none
drains batteries, doesn't come with case
may be outdated in a few years
Does not come with AC Adapter
Not too many advanced features, no uncrompressed format
Corel incompatibilities
Initial cost, definitely not sleek-looking
Can't change lens
high price for point and shoot, but worth it for the picture quality
Battery life, Memory card size 
Lacks flexibility for a real pro
slow shutter speed causes blurry pictures
Lense Limits and Blurring effect inside
The FREAKIN ZOOM
Size, weight, 2X zoom, must use rechargeable batteries
Poor resolution
Lens adapter partially blocks view finder
hard to perfect, eats batteries
only 2x optical zoom. Only 8MB card included.
slow, not great optics
short battery life
Slightly more costly
Software is useless, flash is awkward
The ac adapter has to be purchased separately
Bulky, No Full Motion Video, Battery Life
Terrible battery life.
Short battery life, no A/C adapter included
Can't Cure Red-Eye
Battery life isn't great and the memory card is not large enough
Must get used to not handling paper photos
Not Acceptably Compatible with Windows NT or Windows 2000, Poor Battery Life, Poor LCD Display
Too little optical zoom
software buggy
Battery life 
battery usage,2x zoom, LCD location
battery life
poor closeups, loose lens cap
No real zoom,slow shutter
heavy, a bit bulky
pictures taken in Sunshine are worthless because of severe washout
Wish it had an integrated lens cap
Low Battery Life
Shutter lag, enlargement quality, battery life
Long delay after pressing shutter, bad resolution, horrible battery life
drains batteries quickly
Could use a longer focal length lens (bigger zoom).
Image doesn't match what you see through eye-piece
It use to come with a 20MB card and now only an 8 MB card.
Optical zoom has no Telephoto
Size &amp; Weight
Slow "boot-up", too much time between pressing shutter button and picture being taken.
Irritating Lens Design that zooms out every time you power up the camera.
shutter lag, drains alkaline batteries quickly, no neck strap included
battery gauge needs re-written.
Eats batteries like a HUMMER! Needs a neck strap! Fragile toggle back button
Horrible battery life, delays and below average shutter lag.
Slight shutter lag time.
Boot and Process time
Cost
AC power and camera bag need to be purchased separately, too much camera for the casual user
So-so software bundle, unimpressive LCD screen
Filter Attachment Adapter Required
A little on the pricey side.
Dark LCD, pricey, lack of documentation, flimsy battery door
Price and weight
Large size
The flash reaction is slow.
Battery life
Battery life
Needs bigger card, eats batteries
Worked for only a year with battery power
Expensive, weak flash
Uses up batteries, disconnecting from computer produces errors.
Supplied memory not enough
Auto focus is somewhat slow, occasional long delays when pictures transferred to memory card
Eats batteries like an aardvark eats ants
Shop around for a deal, it's probably slightly expensive! Worth the buy!
odd, boxy shape that isn't all that ergonomic. takes awhile for pictures to load into the camera's memory after taking them. cruddy battery life.  get NIMH rechargeables with a fast recharger (nimhbattery.com) and always carry a spare set if you buy this c
hmmmm- still thinkin'
no case , i bought my own, 
battery monster, must have win98
too slow
Battery Life
Keep another set of batteries close by...
If you're a professional photographer, this camera is not for you.
still searchin...
expensive, dark LCD,  low-light capability, very advanced (not great for beginners)
Camera size is too big, many features that beginners don't use
expensive
not for taking pictures of kids
Poorly written drivers, slow user interface
Lack of accessories with the original package
Extremely poor battery life 1/2 hour tops.
maybe software
This kind of performance doesn't come cheap
Viewfinder visibility in bright sunlight
Viewfinder, focus, slowness, 
refurbished warranty, battery
It really does eat batteries, Buy Re-Charagable
battery life
underexposes without flash, battery life, price, no AC adaptor!
Exposed LCD screen (as with all cameras); slow on/off
Slightly slower than norm recycle times between shots, can't use regular alkalines with LCD.
No neck strap, flash could be better
slow photo processing
Did not come with an ac adapter
slow to focus
- none
Optional camera bag could be more protective
hard on the batteries, have to recharge often or have a 2nd set on hand
Purchase of external AC power, 
Quirky and slow when you need Simple and Fast
Price could be better
Lack of shoulder strap, automatic retraction of lens after 8 minutes of inactivity, slow response for moderate action sequences such as weddings, etc. 
Would like more Zoom
A little bulky, no aperture priority or shutter priority exposure modes
Big frame, sometimes really slow between pictures.
Batterys dead after 40 pictures, MAJOR lag time
confusing feature selections and confusing camera reactions
Slow writes, slow reads, slow boot-up, slow shut-down...JUST PLAIN SLOW
Shutter release delay can be frustrating.
A little slow on the auto focus.
Battery hog, no lens cap, no USB connection
BATTERY LIFE, A BIT LARGE
Battery life
Very short battery life, built-in flash is dangerously bright.
Serial Cable, poor software, poor battery life
slow shutter.
red eye, zoom must be used with LCD, batteries die fast with LCD
Sucks the juice right out of the batteries
no auto timer
Video cable not included, slow serial connection to PC, no timer, min resolution too low
No USB connection
Battery wear, very SLOW uploading to PC
Serial port transfers ONLY, 2x digital zoom only in "Good" qual, eats the AAs
For n00biez to Digital Cameras, Expect to spend $$$ on accessories 
battery consumption, serial cable, can only use digital zoom on low res.
Poor battery life, no USB connection, lose quality when use zoom.
Battery Life Limited., Included Memory Limited. 
Good quality but not best, sort of slow moving.
cheap plastic, bad resolution, poor quility pics, zoom is horrible
not as high of mp as I would not like
Absolutely devours batteries,slow transfers to pc,flash overexposure
Bad Battery Life
battery hog, flash too bright, it's a given you'll have to buy xtras
a bit spendy.
looks cheap
Very little storage, no AC adaptor, uses lots of batteries.
Packaging was not up to speed with other Digital Camera Makers
Limited features, mediocre picture quality, low memory.
No zoom.  Cheapish plastic body.  Does not come with memory card.
slow printing time
More than required Size,, Serial port Interface,, No Battery charger
Lack of control, entry-level picture quality
poor software, serial connection, storage space
No fancy stuff.  Small internal memory, but easy to upgrade.
none so far
No lens cap, self-timer, or tripod socket
No lens cap, no AC adapter, serial connection, bulky
no AC adapter, no case to protect lens, only 2 MB to store pictures
Small Starter Storage, Avg. Picture Quality, Flaky Zoom
Terrible battery life &amp; horrible bundled software
Can't enlarge pictures, no optical zoom
no self-timer, lens cap or USB connection
No self timer.
Very little storage, no AC adaptor, uses lots of batteries.
uses a lot of batteries
Battery didn't last long.
The atomic flash, memory
No lens cap, but available from Kodak free upon request.
bad printing image, slow shutter
No tripod mount, no self-timer, poor bundled software.
Not piles of memory, battery eater.
Slow uploads to computer
Very few.  Software bundle, battery life.
Compact Flash Card too small and rechargable batteries not included. 
Battery life, limited zoom, should at least come with a carrying case.
Mine happened to malfunction but the problem was fixed promptly
shutter lag time 
Somewhat expensive for 2 megapixels, only 8MB memory included and no rechargeable batteries.
Poor battery life, no built-in battery charger, ROTTEN software
Large size, only 2X optical zoom
Heavier than my normal 35mm camera.
no durability, poor battery life, takes a long tome to save pics, only 2x zoom
A bit heavy, picture quality in zoom mode isn't too good, lagggg
LCD can be tough to see in daylight, fast battery use, only 2X optical zoom
Comes with cr*ppy photo editor program,
Kodak should include an AC adapter, rechargeable batteries, and recharger.
A little pricey
Eats your battery quickly.
Battery life, no image editing software
horrible battery life, useless graphics editing program, no ac adapter included
Battery life; 8 MB memory card.
*Sometimes slow writing to Memory&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*More buttons would be helpful
A little Bulky
Low Zoom, Options
Confusing array of models
batteries do go quickly
Lack of knowledgeable support from Kodak
LCD doesn't come on automatically
none
LCD could be placed differently.
8 meg card is too small, blurry close-ups
battery usage high, availability of accessories low
display can be difficult to see in bright light, power hungry
Batteries Do Not Last
None
LCD screen difficult to see in sunlight
Memory card is not large enough and no rechargeable batteries. 
8 Meg card too small, Close up fuzzy. Flash and battery life is poor
Close-ups can be blurry at times.
Poor Battery Life, Heavy
LCD Screen is placed oddly, stupid prong connection, over time prongs will bend.
Can be confusing to use, not sleek looking, batteries not long lasting.
price, bought it because of rebate offer that never developed.
Battery life is shallow.
short battery life, no manual focus, Kodak photo editing software is poor
Battery life could be better. Storage disks somewhat inadequate.
Nighttime photography is weak even with the flash
Numerous settings can be confusing to the casual user.
Low-light operation a bit trickier, zoom could be better
Had to buy a bigger Compact Flash Card
Small memory card included, advanced features require more time to learn
Poor built-in flash. Little flexibility in settings. Stability in question.
some small ones, read the review!
Can freeze up once in a while
Disappointing.  Poor low-light capabilities; sporadic quality of images.
still not as good a quality as film
sad picture quality, poor construction, weak flash, HORRIBLE LCD
crappy stock CF card, poor florecent light performance
Bad low light pics
Costs too much, Compact Flash
Proprietory battery
Lens cap is cumbersome, easy to lose
getting used to the different features and settings 
Plastic tripod mount, can't access battery or CF release while mounted on tripod (BIG WHOOP!!)
Works best in well-list areas, the LCD viewer on back eats the battery quickly
None for a sub $500 digicam 
Feeble bundled memory card
none
Needs a bigger Compact-flash card.
it would be nice if kodak included a lens cap retainer
Exposure knob came off, lense kinda long
placement of shutter button in front of the power switch... I turn it off often, instead of snapping the picture.  But it's still new to me... I'll get used to it
use of more expensive lithium ion batteries instead of inexpensive NiMhs
LCD Screen power consumption
poor close-ups (without extra lens), lens cap comes unattached easily, does not take great low-light pictures
No Digita OS, ships with little memory, no time-lapse timer.
But not quite normal size.  Memory card included is too small.
Only USB connection to computer.
battery drains fast, bad focus in low-light conditions
No manual focus!  Numerous other frustrations.
No video/audio recording, ships w/ small memory card
Learning curve is steep for advanced features.  Lens cap not attached.  Worthless software package.
CF card too small. Very noisy. No manual focus. Battery life too short.
Takes terrible quality pictures
Not the smallest camera on the market
Blurry and out of focus in low light, barrel sticks out too far.
Advanced mode learing is steep and picture quality suffers in low light.
unreliable picture quality,battery life,flash card too small.
first one was defective, easily exchanged
Drop it and rebuild it, Zoom is week, Must be steady, 
the lio battery is too expensive and isn't strong enough for this camera.
Eats batteries like they all do. More zoom would be a plus
Heavy. Very very heavy. Huge too.
Not Very Many
A bit heavy, buttons somewhat stiff to use
Big Camera.
The camera is a little heavy and it has an optical zoom of only 2x.
Eats batteries, small LCD screen, eats batteries, slightly heavy.
The software drivers are frustrating, only comes with 8mb of memory.
Eats up batteries!, Not expandable. Kodak does not have any attachable lenses for this camera
None in my book!
Size, Size, Shutter Lag
Only 2X zoom, a little sluggish
- none
Digital zoom can be a little fuzzy.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Make sure your shots are steady.
Not the easiest way to transfer pix from camera to computer.
Battery Life.  Did I mention Battery Life?  And Oh yeah, Battery Life.
not compact   ....not really a problem for most
- none
eats batteries for breakfast, must have rechargable ones
Resolution, Buttons hard to push.
Shutter speed between shots.  Not an action camera
performance, picture quality
Not as good on large groups, but good
Low battery life
No USB connection, Software very slow for picture retrieval from camera
Poor quality software.  I'd buy at least the 210 as a starter.
Ergonomics and software leave something to be desired
If lighting is too bright or too dark, it can be tough to get a good picture.
None
Slow transfer time via serial port
Only 15 pictures at a Time!
Short battery life
somewhat simple
NONE!!!
Slow downloading without card reader
Short battery life. . . be prepared to have plenty on hand to upload pictures
fuzzy focus, poor battery life
battery life
To maximize use need to purchase additional flashcards and a reader
None
Lack of Features
LCD panel is a bit small, eats batteries like crazy
Some of the frills, such as the optional borders, are not very useful.
Hard to Hold
Doesn't have interchangeable lenses
Lack of USB (serial transfer is SLOW), slow between pictures, 2X zoom is not adequate
Expensive extras that must be added
slow downloads without a USB memory card reader
Poor download time
Battery life is horrible!
too long to load pictures, too long to print
Eats batteries
No long zoom for it
Slow, not enough pixels
none we have found
uses batteries quickly
Viewfinder hard to see through in the dark
flash not the best
eats batteries and is slow for sportsfans
Wish it had a lens cap.
Preview display uses a lot of battery power
High battery usage,Keeping readout screen clean
battery hungry!
limited zoom
miss not having a lcd viewfinder
sucks batteries when unplugged,not good for people pictures
EXPENSIVE TO BUY, AND ACCESSORIES ARE EXPENSIVE
Picture view area gets nose prints
too hard to operate
Battery drain
Voracious battery appetite
Batteries run out very quickly! Use rechargables!
hard on battery use
Cost little more than I like
HORRIBLE customer service, slow transfer time, heavy, a couple flimsy parts
not found any yet
Have to buy the Mac interface separate
Limited zoom and eats batteries
See Opinion
Camera broke after having it a month and a half. Zoom is very limited.
none
2x zoom, battery life
No built-in lens cover, too big to fit in coat pocket
A little bulky.
battery life, slow picture transfer
slow upload without the card reader
The picture transfer software doesn't work right, zoom and close-up don't work, and no rechargeable battery pack included.
Wished I had gotten more powerful zoom.
Still cost too much! Wish prices would come down.
Locks up occasionally. Limited zoom capability. No USB. No lens cover. Not capable of using accessory filters or lenses. Slow recovery after taking a picture.
for constant use it eats up batteries
could use a better zoom lens
Only One Megapixel, Almost no Options, hefty price tag.
no lens cover
Not much thought went into the design of this thing
resolution too low for prints, slow transfer speed
batteries won't hold a charge
VERY slow transfers with serial cable model, not professional level photography
Poor Exposure Control
Needs the right batteries !!!!!!
Delicate connector/Card Reader Needed
Short battery life &amp; battery cover problem, bulky, no lens cover, picture saving&amp;loading slow
non ergo design, eats up batteries like crazy
Bulky, Slow Transfer Rates, Bad Zoom, No Lens Cover
Slow serial transfer, short battery life.
It eats batteries like there's no tomorrow.
Short batter life, slow transfers
Expensive card capacity, slow recharge for next shot, power demanding
no USB
Only 2X optical zoom; slow downloading
Battery Life using the digital viewfinder is extremely low.
Battery Life &amp;amp; Information Display Accuracy
the shot rate
Needs a larger memory chip, only holds 16 pictures
none
obvious distortion at edges, bit large
battery life pretty short when using LCD
Slow download to computer via P/port cable
Slow, few features, low resolution
Storage
image quality
Pretty Basic Model - for more literate
Poor Image Size &amp;amp; Quality, Featureless
very slow, not many features
Poor to mediocre image quality, sucks the life right out of expensive batteries
terrible quality
low resolution pictures are really not worth the effort.
Short Battery Life, Slow uploads
slow recycle time
Using LCD eats batteries, 
No case, downloading photos may be a problem for computer illiterate folks.
Long intiation
Ships with small 8mb card, Slow recovery time after 2 shots
low resolution
slow processing, cannot use the multiple shot feature
0
Not recommended for close-up shots.
lots of problems
difficulty changing flash options
Time to turn on-off
Slow processing time, not well-adapted to Macs
very slow, freezes sometimes.
The camera body a  bit too smooth and no lens threads for filters
None that I can find.
Battery Life
batteries don't last too long
cumbersome menus, playback screen too bright
Very Short Battery Life, Very Slow to Download via serial mode.
eats up batteries like crazy
A little on the heavy side
older, size
high price
Focussing problems, no uncompressed mode, still can't touch film for image quality
read below
Can take longer to download in older computers with no USB port
None, I love this camera
Eats batteries, Poor action camera, annoying 'click' sound
not photo-quality for largest pictures
cost
Difficult to support on an enterprise level.
Battery life is very short, memory card does not hold many high resolution pictures.
could be slightly complicated
Discontinued
heavy,thirsty,inflexible,slow to switch on/store photo
bulky, faulty and outdated
Close-up of small objects are not very clear. Otherwise, this camera has excellent resolution. 
Only 16 MG of internal memory, Secure Digital is the only memory upgrade avaliable.
No optical zoom.
no optical zoom, small lcd
only 2x zoom, battery life short
Zoom options are limited, eats AA batteries like candy!!!
Nothing fancy
Batteries-better to buy rechargeable
2x Digital Zoom, set too rigid -- there's only two settings!
view finder does not work well in low light
I just bought it on Friday and I can't download.
It eats batteries!!!
Quality control is lacking
basic model - no frills
Durability, small internal memory, battery life, no optical zoom, viewfinder, dock not needed.
The extra "dock" costs you $70, but you don't really need it
No optical zoom , No Video , the Dock.
Rechargeable battery doesn't seem to hold charge from docking station.  
Camera glitches *galore*, dummied-down controls, staggeringly brief battery life, fragile-seeming camera body. , 
None so far
Just basics
software does not let you resize pictures easily.
No "rapid fire", takes a while to take the next picture, "spur of the moment".
Autofocus has problems in low light, fragile power/lens cover switch
totally unreliable
Simple features, some corrupt shots, dock costs extra
zoom moves way to fast, see the review for more cons.
Only decent batterly life...
not quite the pro camera
No optical zoom, low digital zoom, lens cap may not want to stay on.
it is a point and shoot. NO VIDEO 
The batteries go dead pretty quick.
No optical zoom
No optical zoom and rechargeable batteries not included.
No optical zoom.
no power adapter included
LENS CAP!, Lack of a zoom feature, Propriety USB connection
Could use more zoom, eats batteries like crazy
No optical zoom, mechanical defect with lens cap
The picture quality isn't always as great as expected or as nondigital.  
Battery Life, No Optical Zoom, Doesn't Come with Rechargable Batteries
The software installation should not be customized
Am I being picky? Camera strap in wrong location and no lens cap!
No lens cap!  Keeps BREAKING!!! 
Does not turn on
Must use NiMH batteries, insufficient zoom.
A large camera and only has 2x zoom. Small preview screen.
Eats batteries (I think it's worth it, though)
Time between pictures taken.
Pics of my finger, digital zoom
Appears to be fragile in design.
no optical zoom, images blurry when taken too far away or in dim lighting
Obscure lens, not alot control
Some closeup pictures have turned out a little too washed out from strong flash
Does not have Optical Zoom
Zoom feature blurs photo too easily, Battery Drainer, Flimsy Strap, LED fuzzy/hard to view
Doesn't have a zoom lens, batteries need to be charged frequently
Lack of optical zoom; battery compartment
None that I could find.
Pictures sometimes blurry., 
No optical zoom, flash can be too bright, review on lcd can be slow
No optical zoom.  Few settings for shots or for image storage.  Battery.
Don't expect to get crisp 8x10's, not a lot of zoom capability
Batterylife,dock sold separately
Photos somewhat blurry @ maximum size,  No optical zoom, some shutter lag. 
Basic.
Don't expect COMPLETELY "professional" results
Pics blurry when zoomed in too far
Sometimes difficult to adjust flash
cheap plastics do not contribute to solid feel, lack of optical zoom
Battery life is a problem. Need extra battery pack.
Movies can only be viewed with QuickTime
Optional lenses in the way of view finder.
Very sensitive microphone; camera dock isn't needed
Added expense of accessories
no dc input, usb connection only, no picture effects
No AC input except through docking station.  Kodak software is 'klunky' with Win98.
None that I have found!
doesn't feel secure in the hand, bad hi-res video quality, Win98 problems
not too many options, very little zoom
Low optical zoom; flimsy feel; poor LCD; unreliable; poor viewfinder
Probably better (more expensive)cameras available for experienced or serious buffs.
Does not come with camera case, only 3x zoom
zoom could be better, more compact flash needed
Only 8 mb onboard memory included, can't use alkaline batteries, average picture quality
Unreliable quality. Poor battery life. Flimsy construction. 
Some difficulty in setting up with Windows ME. 
Not Enough Optical Zoom, Very Bad Battery Options, Some Low Light Problems
I wish the strap attatched at 2 points, like a 35mm SLR
How to get it fixed. I'd still like to know.
Included LCD screen completely washed out in daylight, viewfinder doesn't frame well.
Power system, weird feel
Few manual adjustments; dorky look and feel; bad ergonomics, especially for lefties
The Red-Eye Flash mode, delays about 2 seconds before snapping the picture. 
If I have more than 20 pictures to upload to computer sometimes locks up.  
Small internal memory
No case, very poor photos in dim light, long shutter delay
Not compatible with all Macintosh system, only 8mb internal memory
With everything being automatic, might frustrate pros.
It's basically a disposable camera after 200 shots
BATTERY life!!!!!!!!  15 pics and your done.  Not enough flexibility in the settings.
Long lag time from when you press button to when it takes picture
poor design, only Kodak can repair it.
A little "plastic" looking, drains batteries quickly, picture editing software is useless
good picture quality
Bulky, batteries need frequent recharging
2x optical zoom, no advanced settings. Poor night shots.
Silly looking. No features. Auto compensation in low light screws up sunsets.
Must Use Kodak Brand Batteries
Video quality isn't that great&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Very bright flash
None
Hard to see subjects through LCD screen unless there is a lot of light.
Dock may be optional (but great feature), videos small
Hard to find one negative for the price I paid.
Poor battery life
Software does not have a lot of options of editing.
Availability
long lag time, difficult macro option
Short battery life (if you don't have the dock)
None that really stand out, a bit pricy.
Not much of a zoom
Little hard on Batteries
no TIFF format, LCD is small
The LCD screen is not very acurate (fuzzy) not many functions.
Power switch hard to use. Viewfinder a little off-center.
Generally slow operation
Con&amp;#146;s&amp;#9;Digital Zoom is poor and the accessories are expensive.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Although easy it is recommended to add the docking station.
Will not use internal memory when a memory card is plugged in, no optical zoom
3x zoom is not true zoom.
Battery life is problematic. Slow camera reaction makes timing snapshots difficult.
Buy the Camera Dock when you purchase the Camera
Lack of optical zoom.  Digital zoom too grainy.
poor zoom, 2-5 uses and you  have to buy another $10 battery
Battery dies quickly
Slow between takes to get next picture
short battery life, slow to load pictures, only optical zoom 
Battery life extremely short
The dock is separate
&amp;#13;&amp;#10;The small icons are difficult to read.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
No optical zoom.
Docking Station pretty much required, Pricey extra purchase
No optical zoom, digital zoom makes for poor quality images, short battery life.
None
none yet
None to date
"Only" 2X optical zoom and fuzzy digital zoom. Only 8MB memory included.
Pictures are below average, even compared to 2 megapix cameras.  Flimsy construction quality.
Battery life.
Battery life
2x zoom insufficient at times
could use better zoom
none
Small LCD screen
Power runs out fast &amp; need to replace a new battery.
No battery charger unless you buy docking station.
None yet!
low light pics need manual setting, 
Battery life, no manual focus.
Photo software is pretty cheesy; Included memory card is almost worthless.
Grainy picture, night time shots not good, Very cheap construction.
Big and clunky, Short battery life, possible downloading problems, difficult software.
Software is terrible--crashes, locks up computer, hard to use., 8MB is useless.
Pictures tend to be blurry
Wait period between shots seems long.
easily damaged if dropped, expensive to repair, warranty void if damaged
Batteries don't last long.  
Settings do not correspond with conventional 35MM cameras, for example, F-Stop, Aperture, etc.
Seems easily broken if it gets banged.  Battery life so-so if using lcd.
Lens doesn't Last.
Focus often fuzzy
None
grainy, not enough zoom, built quality, no manual control and uncompress mode
Never works!  Mailing it to Kodak!
None I can think of...
Very, Very short battery life
Photo quality and battery life is something to be desired
uses battery power fast if you don't have the dock
battery life
None so far.
Battery life, digital zoom
Redeye, Kodak software poorly depicts picture quality
Lens cap cheap, doesn't stay on. Shadow on left of subject when using flash, , 
Rechargeable battery life short. Use disposable batteries for long life.
None I have found
Incredibly bad decisions on movie file format.  Poor software
Lens cap falls off a lot
No Lens Cap. Shutter lags sometimes.
Buying the docking port is how you share pics.
Battery Life &amp; No Date option
The DX4330 does not adequately capture text for OCR applications.
Battery life could be better, cheep lens cap, badly placed status indicator/light 
Stupid lens cap and no battery life indicator until batteries are LOW.
A rechargeable battery would have been more appropriate
Not many extra features and may be too simple for the people who love gadgets
uses a lot of batteries
Screen is hard to see in the sun. Definitely need to buy a memory card.
Menu is a little tricky to use, I am still getting used to it.
Battery life is short, and picture reaction is a little slow.
software, JPG compression only option, no battery life indicator
Grab some backup batteries!
Power &amp; LCD (see review).
Viewing screen small, possible durability problems down the road
High Resolution so must by biggest and most expensive disk to hold pictures.
Date Imprint is not automatic
Picture software is lacking. Docking Station S/B included with the camera.
The looks, Memory card too small, no Diopter!
Hard to hold, small memory card, strange wait time to take pictures
Expensive and short battery life
Catastrophic WindowsME registry corruption, woeful battery life, weak LCD, image choppiness, extra-cost transfer/charge cradle.
1-Batteries go fast.  Get a charger for back-up.
Not much.
Battery life
battery life, optical zoom, software is lacking
difficult on screen navigation, limited optical zoom
LCD is small, software isn't the best
battery life.  difficulty focusing, size.
Battery Life
Battery life, software is awkward.
battery life, software lacking.
The editing software is quite basic and limited.
None, total satisfaction
Then it died!, 
battery life is short, docking station should be part of the package
Blurs anything that moves and sucks in low light
Rechargeable battery life is very short, small memory card, need to by the accessories
slow image processing &amp; storing, can't handle night shots greater than about ten feet.
Internal memory small, no camera bag included, price slightly high
Internal memory small, camera case not include
small amount of internal memory.
Internal memory is small (16), no case or neckstrap, wrist strap feels flimsy
This camera can't record movies
Small internal memory, included software not anything great
Internal memory is low, no camera bag, LCD
Needs extra memory card, carrying case. Use view finder instead of LCD to save battery.
None if it didn't break.
Limited software capabilities
memory could be bigger, but not an issue
Fails when trying to fill a 256MB SD card with content (still and/or video).
weak LCD display, slow processing speed, no battery meter
Terrible auto-focus; EasyShare software; proprietary battery and weird charging through dock
shutter lag.
charging, battery
Weak LCD display and battery life indicator only shows on weak battery.
slow shutter, large pics a little fuzzy
Camera will break.
none really.
Picture quality poor, video runs less than 25fps, no preview screen, only 4MB memory.
Limited Features
Connects to the computer to download pictures.Does not use disks.
no flash, no zoom
Supplied software is awful, no Mac support
No Viewing Screen
no zoom
Only in bright sun light. No display, no review. Crap software &amp; BAD support.
short length of video clips
No preview screen
no preview screen, no flash, only 640x480
NO viewing panel
No Flash, Focusing could be better.
The software installation along with Kodak technical support managed to completely ruin my computer's configuration.
picture quality isn't the best, no view screen, 
No flash,zoom, or preview screen, only 4MB memory, auto-focus only
Difficult to see screen in low light; quality of construction could be better...
There is no flash on the camera
*Quality of videos and photos is poor without much light.
Image quality satisfactory.
Jack of all trades, master of none!
no flash, bad computer software, no zoom, bad quality pictures
Extremely poor results. No flash. Very poor resolution and quality.
not enough memory. no flash. no viewfinder. poor quality video. 
Poor quality photos, takes AAA batteries, uses Quicktime for video
Battery compartment would not close, no flash, poor software, streaky pictures.
cam resolution
VGA Quality pictures aren't too good, doesn't support smart media card.
Hard to see LCD screen, no viewfinder, no flash, can't use it indoors
No flash; Software is horrible
No flash, no viewfinder!
Poor image/movie quality, very fragile, no carry case, expensive (considering package)
No flash/light, Does not perform in low light.
No flash, hard to see screen, no zoom
Quality suffers.  Mp3 control is basic, and photo/video touch ups are needed for each photo.
I was really surprised with the lack of speed and unacceptable print quality
PRINTS WAY TOO SLOW 
never worked for me to try it out
Poor print quality, expensive supplies, cheap construction, loud, ink never seems to dry, compatibility issues
Slow, Unstable software drivers, Bad paper handling, No seperate ink tanks for each colour
SLOW printing at Highest Quality
Speed, ink usage. Must buy usb cable.
none yet.
Cost of Paper/Ink, Time to Print.
SLOW, print quality somewhat disappointing, installation problems on Win2k
no parent tray
Not a good stroller for twins unless they are toddler age.
IMPOSSIBLE TO MANEUVER, TOO LONG, HEAVY, no parent cup holder, not enough shade in front
heavy - hard to push, won't stay folded, canopies useless,, seat weight restriction 
TOO big and near impossible to steer.
large and long, like pumping iron to steer the thing with a kid on board
VERY Hard to Push/Control, Heavy, Huge
A little hard to maneuver in tight spaces.
BIG,HEAVY,NO SHADE, IMPOSSIBLE TO DRIVE
Heavy, difficult to maneuver
No parent Cup Holder
no storage
NO BASKET, Canopy is useless...does not protect baby from sun or rain.
No basket, but no umbrellas do.  The mesh bag is sufficient/standard for umbrella strollers.
no storage
Wasn't invented earlier!!
Isn't extremely durable
folding, no basket, wheels too small
no basket, lever to collapse stroller hard to use if you are wearing bulky shoes
None
no storage
very difficult to open
not as sturdy or comfortable as the more cumbersome strollers
flimsy
rough, loud ride
not great on grass or gravel
none
hard to find retail
don't know of any
hard to push in the grass
Not easy to push when handle is in reverse position
Kind of pricey for an umbrella stroller
None
None
Made for a small child (in my opinion), bends easily
Small wheels and not very durable 
Shorter seat &amp;amp; canopy than regular umbrella strollers
none
no basket
no basket
none
no basket, doesn't fully recline and not as sturdy or comfy as the expensive brands
no basket storage
many!
It does not have cup holders or a place to store shopping bags or a diaper bag.
No basket, a little tricky to fold up.
Does not do well on uneven sidewalks.
no basket
no basket
heavier than other umbrella strollers; no cupholder
clip that holds stroller closed is tough.
Handles seem too short
No storage compartment.
Not durable, lasted less than a year
no storage
You can't get through certain mall doors.
Hard to push with one hand, comes with little storage.
I found this stroller to be to wide for many store isle's and doorways.
Wheels could be stronger
No storage.
Only just fits through doors, no storage, not suitable for a newborn
Cumbersome when folded, generally unhandy: steering, pushing, storage
No storage area.  Wheels sometimes difficult to turn.
Too heavy, no storage
No where to put things
Not as plush as some of the other strollers.
wheels could be sturdier
None
no storage area
Just a little awkward in the trunk.
Just fits through doors/cash checkouts (wheels must be straight) No basket
Heavy, no storage basket
Bad Pictures.
No LCD, 3 buttons pushed to get past flash, low resolution, no tele lens.
lighting needs to be right, no LCD Display
none
Very poor resolution
Automatic turn off after so many inactive seconds.
poor picture quality, poor instructions, no picture monitor
Resolution could be better
lighting needs to be right, no LCD Display
Low resolution
Picture quality is terrible, not suitable for most uses.
Flash is too bright, transfer software doesn't install, uses CR123A photo battery (expensive).
flash makes all images white, very poor quality images, long or incomplete uploads
Lots of headache, no LCD screen, packaged software has bugs
Viewfinder not that accurate, slow downloads
Low resolution; weird flash; no USB input; odd viewfinder; no photo previews.
Can't see photos you've taken. 
Expensive battery, low picture quality
Photos outside seem to turn out even better as the flash seems too powerful indoors.
$60.00 for a lot of time and work into getting a halfway suitable picture. 
pic quality varies,  expensive battery
expensive
Low Resolution, No Removable Memory, Software Problems (for me)
low resolution, short battery life
Downloading is frustrating, takes really bad pictures with the flash on.
Inconsistent picture quality
Long photo download time
Expensive batteries, slow connection speed.
No LCD viewfinder, batteries can be pricy.
not at this price
Picture quality depends on the photographer.
State of the art has caught up with and passed this model.
The flash is so powerful it ruins your pictures.  
It is a real time/money waster
No viewing of photos taken until download, difficult to use flash, short battery life.
Worst print quality I've seen since my dot-matrix printer, circa 1987.
Paper Jams, Very Expensive ink, Very Slow, So-So print quality, Not very reliable.
Cheap color printer, paper feed
Jams easily, ink is very expensive
paper feed annoying
Poor Image Quality
A LITTLE SLOW ON COLOR COPIES
Just not a great printer
everything else
cartridge cost,color fade,print quality
poor quality on photo's
Not high quality
its cheap and misfeeds a lot
Only prints a few pages before it jams up
Print quality, paper feeder 
Uses lots of ink, paper jams.
Inefficient and unreliable 
very slow, loads one sheet at a time
fragile, AFFORDABLE
It Lies To You
Annoying.
Slow color printing, low quality
Broke down after 4 months. Ink runs to much, paper jams.
changing back &amp;amp; forth for color and B&amp;amp;W cartridge, less than average color quality for photos with 3-color cartridge
not best quality, but ok
 defective parts, noisy
Poor quality, holds hardly any paper.
none its very reliable
Papper loading, top loading
flimsy paper trays
You don't get to see the printing quality
Frequent jams, frequent error messages, broke after a year.
Flimsy design, no cable included
dirt cheap
Hassle, hassle, Hassle
Pretty decent with quality of graphics
paper jams
Only one cartridge
quality
Frequent paper jams and expensive ink cartridges
Jams easily, and doesn't feed without a lot of assistance.
expensive cartridges, poor support lines, durability.
cost of cartridge, color fade, low quality prints
sometimes jams paper up
Paper Jams, Low Ink Capacity, Bad Alignment, Frustrating
Takes forever, paper loading sucks
Expensive cartridges; software sometimes forgets where printer is
ink price
its a piece
poor quality
Paper jams, slow
Not compatable with Windows NT
price of replacement cartridges, job speed (slow)
Haven't found any yet
not as fast as others
Cartridges are a liiiiiiiittle expensive, but they last a long time so it's not a big deal
bad paper feed, poor print quality
Lots, read the review!
Slow printer, Small &amp;amp; Expensive Print Cartridges
paper jams sometimes and expensive cartridges
none found yet!
Slow
none
none
doesn't work all the time, 
Tempermental
Either/Or ink cartridge system
Expensive ink, Goes through ink quickly, slow
Speed, quality
everything else
na
Not suitable for any work application
Auto paper feed doesn't work
Frequent jams, spots and offset text occasionally
top feeder
Single cartridge system, slow speeds, low quality, shall i go on?
Expensive cartridges, one cartridge, slow.
Sheet Feed, Drivers, Speed, Quality
Poor speed and quality
Expensive Ink Cartridges
Too many to mention
Where should I start........cheap....
None
horrible results
.....
Ink cartridges can be a little hard to come by, but you can order them direct from Lexmark online.
could be clearer
Everything
not as good as more expensive models
slow, paper feeder doesn't work right
To slow just all out pain in the buttocks.
Recently acting up (program error), one cartridge slot only, recommend re ink kit.
paper handling - my one year old handles paper better
Dirt cheap quality.
Slow, quality of prints, expensive print cartridges
Everything
Cheap manufacture/is not durable, paper jams
Usually it doesn't
slow, many little problems
paper jams
The new "Compaq" and "Samsung" compliant  cartridges don't work in it.
Can't say in less than 15 words!
paper jams constantly, wastes ink
jams a lot, exspensive ink cartridge.
too many 
carts are expensive, color is desirable, somewhat slow
No power switch, No tray to catch printed sheets
Just about every thing that can make a printer bad.
Slow, noisy
Sometimes a little slow depending on the settings...
Slow, unreliable, eats paper
Constant Bidirectional Errors and had to hand feed paper
cost of cartridges, noise, profile
Waiting for it to be delivered
Cartridges are somewhat pricey but last a good while
Fragile
doesn't live up to claims. quickly breaks down
color can come out badly even with 1/2 of a cartridge left
none
Feels Cheap, Expensive Ink Cartridges
high cost of ink cartridges - and specialty papers
Case is slightly chinsey
slow printing
Overprice cartridge
High cost per page, may be overtaken by newer printers
Technical Bugs, Expensive to Maintain
More $$ than the cheapo brands
Paper jams if paper tray blocked
Costly ink usage
price of the ink cartridges
It's a little slow in 1200 x 1200 color print speed - but is comparable to other models.
Discontinued model, but still available
Hate the paper feed tray 
Cartridges are expensive
Have to use heavy paper....
too long to spool, does not always print
none
Unreliable, time and resource wasting machine.
Ink cartridges don't work properly, construction seems shoddy.   
None
ink cost, noise (all problems common to inkjets)
Price of Ink
bad resolution, frequent problems, 
ink refills cost too much
Lots of problems with this printer and it's drivers, Parallel port only, Parallel cord not included, Uses lots of ink quickly
Very high consumables cost, poor handling of envelopes
nothing I can see
Undependable, slow, flimsy, inconsistently supported, supplies expensive and inconsistent in quality, supplies hard to find, not appropriate for daily use, certainly not appropriate for professional use.
It's hard to &amp;quot;score&amp;quot; around the edge to pry up the top
ink guzzler...expensive in the long run
Unreliable; jams; support doesn't help; ink is very expensive
Poor cartridge performance, problems with paper feeder
Does not like it when you refill your own cartridges. Had other failures.
Not the best quality, You get what you pay for.
Print feeder jams, slow printing, only one cartridge at a time.
Only 1200 x 1200. Have to switch ink cartridges.
cartridges a little expensive
Forget about printing anything in color
very slow printing, printing quality not as good as others in price range.
paper jams constantly
n/a
Horrible paper feed
Print problems, slow like mud
only holds one ink cartridge at a time
Poor quality color printing, can't use rebate
Slightly slower than the more expensive models
slow
Grainy Picture, Dull Picture, No Speed, LOUD !! 
runs out of ink quickly depending on how much ink you actually push.  There are better printers for this catagory
Bad paper handling
single-cart, not for home office use
Poor prints, Paper Jams up the wazoo, another Lexmark Loser
none
color and ink runs out quick
Slow, poor print quality, voracious ink usage
No support for anything but windows 9x
Bad cartridge life
Sort of slow printing; High Definition pictures are kind of grainy.
None yet
Paper Tray, Single Cartridge Holder, Alignment, Expensive Cartridges
Speed, Ink Cartridge
Uses quite a bit of ink on picture quality
No Windows 2000 support at this time
When printing a color picture, it will fade the edges a bit
Thank you very much!
Expensive ink refills
slow
I have not yet found any dislikes.
Expensive cartridges-use refill ink
Software Bug
Average speed, low paper supply.
Cartridges expensive. Almost the price of printer itself.
EXPENSIVE ink cartridges
it's just not a very good printer.
It's extremely slow
Occasionally jams if you push the paper in too far
Slow, cartridges $35+
Cartridges to refill cost more than the darn printer
printing rate is a bit slow, but the pros make up for it.
Cons: Ink is expensive and the printer quality is questionable
Slow, noisy, one cartridge.
print cartridge inconvenience and expense
Refills.
Color Cartridge drains quickly
none
slow, only one print head
Slow
None so far!
ink smears when wet
None
No soft-power on, single cartridge design
I do not like the way it feeds the paper in
Not for big Jobs or office use
ink waster
Accepts one cartridge only
Haven't noticed any 
Slow speed
One cartridge, rather than dual.
print speed cost of replacement cartridges
Slow Printing Speed
None
print speed
Slow and print could be better
speed, uses a lot of ink
One cartridge, expensive ink, slow
prints slow
slow printing on color
expensive replacement cartaridges
Loves the ink
Expensive ink cartridges with limited availability
Having to buy the ink
Poor printing quality
Paper feeds wrong sometimes
None that I have found yet.
Replacement cartridges are expensive
Too slow to print, color cartridge doesn't last
the exet pray is not the best
not the greatest quality prints.
Color prints are poor quality but ok  if your just getting started.
Replacement ink cartridges are expensive
really slow and only one cartridge
Prints kinda slow
Not photo quality
only holds one cartridge, replacement cartridges can get expensive, if you print a lot.
none so far
Prints slowly
can't find one at this time
very slow, ink cartridges are more expensive than average
prints slow when reslution is set high
definitely not high-end
speed of printing
due to popularity in my area,ink cartridges are sometimes hard to find
Ink Cartridges are expensive.
No support for the future
Expensive ink and slow
low number of pages printed per minute
color cartridge hard to snap into place
Cartridges are a bit more expensive.  Color printing is good but not photo quality
a little slow and now black cartridge comes with it.
speed, cost of black ink cartridge.
only room for one cartridge at a time
I didn't find this printer sooner
 Ink cartridges are expensive
SLOW--wastes time and money
NONE, NONE, NONE!!!!!!!
tends to bend cheap light weight paper when starting a print job
I have had this printer for a while and there is no problems with it. (NO paper jams or anything else)
none
slow, bad color reproduction
Haven't found any yet
Not for those seeking photo-quality 
Single cartridge system, and finding the ink can be prove to be a problem.
a little slow, only one ink cartridge
Couldn't ever get the red out, tech support was clueless.
None
slightly slow print time
It hasn't the programmable features of costlier printers.
heavy ink consumption
Ink prices are way too high
Color printing and time span per printed page
none yet
Expensive Printer cartridge
Low Quality
No seperate black cartridge
Slow, no serious support
wish it print faster
Slow
Must swap carts, a little slow on color printing
NONE
none
noisy, slow
it prints pretty slowly
None
Noisy, ink is expensive, very slow
Can't use my scanner
One ink cartridge system
cartridges
Photo print quality, cartridge life
prints slowly
Print time
The price of the ink cartages
Win98/95, Power Mac.
none
slow, print quality poor
a little noisy in colour print mode
32.00 for an an ink cartridge
High operating cost
One cartridge at a time, sometimes misfeed paper
none yet
When creating multi page documents, they sometimes wind up on the floor
Customer Service
Short lifespan
Paper feeder gets crazy.
Swapping cartridges, colour only adequate, media expensive
none
None
Poor print quality, expensive cartridges and poor dependability.
It's junk.
comes with color cartridge only, unreliable, poor tech support 
A little slow
Broke right away, new ink cost as much as printer
Paper feeder not very good. Paper does not stay straight. Printer cartridges high. 
Too slow for those with high speed needs
A little tricky to set up.
problems installing, defective
separate cartridges for color/black, cartridges dry up quickly if not used daily.
Big cartridge means it costs a bit more to refill.  New cartridges are EXPENSIVE.
either a black or a color ink cartridge in at a time
Can't be ran through a scanner
Slow. Often pulls in more than one sheet at a time. 
Can only use one cartridge at a time,does not last very long, 
runs a bit slow when set to high quality printing, program shows it's printing when it's not when set to high quality
Does not include cord to computer or black and white print cartridge
only holds one ink cartridge at a time 
Very picky when using parallel.
Quality
slow, cables extra, uses a lot of ink very quickly
Extremely Slow! 1/2 ppm color!
replacement cartridges are expensive, and it use a lot of ink
does not work with linux
You have to open the printer and swap cartridges to change from color to B&amp;amp;W
Price of Ink
Haven't found any yet
confusing
Paper storeage must be refilled frequently when doing big jobs
It only worked once
No cables.  No black cartridge.  Interface problems.
Cartridge is both B&amp;W and color ink, to replace one you replace both
Medium-High Quality Printing
I couldn't find cons when it came to this printer. I loved everything. 
whoa there on that ink
Get what you pay for.
Driver reinstallation, Cartridge swapping, 8 1/2" paper limit
None so far.
Not a workhorse or speed demon. Expensive cost per page.
Didn't come with a printer cable
It is a little slower than I would like it to be
Switching Cartridges and re-aligning quite often!
Only one Cartridge- Black and Color Combined
Expensive ink cartridges $30-40
Non-refillable cartridges
somewhat slow, 
Making quality photos uses excessive ink.  
Not as fast as some printers.
Network setup instructions are not provided, but they are somewhat different.
Slow and noisy.
Horrible print quality
The imaging is a shade on the light side.
Slowwwww, does not come with a black ink cartridge
Tends to use ink quite fast therefore you need ink more.
Print quality leaves much to be desired. 
Ink is expensive and this is an ink eater!
Photo Ink is VERY expensive
Cartridges get stopped up ALL THE TIME, must be replaced (costs 2x printer)
Cartridges get blocked really easily, paper gets jammmed often
Pricey ink
ink guzzler
None
Cheap plastics.  Linux support is limited.  Cost of ink is outrageous, near impossible to refill.
The price of the ink refills and their inherent short term life.
Not what is lives up to be
Does not include print cable.
Comes with only a black ink cartridge. , Stopped feeding paper after 6 months., 
Speed
Eats ink. Eats ink.
Expensive ink.
Replacement ink is expensive, and it is kind of slow and a little loud
Printing is Slow and and operation is a Bit Loud
larger than old Lexmark
Print speed could be better.
NONE
It does &lt;B&gt;not&lt;/B&gt; come with a printer cable - you need to supply your own.
The ink cartridge replacements are very high priced
Does not come with black ink cartridge.
Not good for high quality pictures
Ink carts are a little expensive
feeds out more than one piece of paper
Cartridge cost, quality
Definitely not recommended for high-volume image documents!
not the fastest 
top feeding printer
slow, needs some additional purchases
Ink cartridges are 29.00. a little slower on the ppm print spead than our epson, Ink cartridges snap in instad of drop in.
Cable included was broken, doesn't print as fast as they boast on box, kind of loud printing 
Too large, a bit slow
cartridge installation is a bit tricky, $29 cartridges, only comes with a color cartridge
Expensive Ink, Need to replace ink often
cartridge prices
Expensive Ink, kinda noisey for an inkjet.
Printing is Slow and a Bit Loud
None
horrible...slow...and defective
Very Slow; Expensive ink; Jams, but rarely.
have had it mis-feed a few times
Loud and slow
Lack of package contents, high price per page rating
Slower than advertised
Doesn't come with much; uses ink quickly; a little slow.
Take Very Long To Print A Page
Not reliable
-
Very slow, uses too much ink, and very loud.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
... When it wants to work
Occasional errors in communication with computer. Annoying voice.
Poor XP, compatibility, USB cable not included w/printer, Paper tray.
HEAVY ink user, no cable, expensive to operate
constant paper jams, hogs ink, small characters print off-kilter.
only ships with colour cartridge, small expensive cartridges
Speed is slower than advertised
Loud
No good with XP, ink smearing, limited options.
Only USB (no parallel) connectivity, ink cartridges are pricey
Prints off center.  Jams.  No easy repairs.  Ultra-expensive cartridges.
Printer driver was a chore to install
Expensive print cartridges
Sometimes won't cancel when you want it to
Pulls paper in crooked. Did not come with a black ink cartridge.
Slow Color Printing, Ink Use
Poor XP compatibility., Crappy Factory Driver., Poor Paper Loading., , 
I haven't found any yet.
VERY pricey ink cartridges; initially comes only with a color ink cartridge.
Jammed regularly, very poorly made
No frills, just basics.
expensive ink, poor quality, no solutions in "Solution Center"
Slow color printer, expensive ink refills
Ink Ink Ink!! Too expensive
lower tray location, foot print
Sometimes, too fast. (I don't know if that's a con)
Need to buy cable, ink doesn't dry fast enough sometimes
paper jams sometimes and doesn't load straight
No cable.
EXPENSIVE CARTRIDGES
Annoying "talking" software. A little noisy.
Does not load paper reliably. Ink cartridges are pricey.
Ink runs out pretty quickly and is expensive
A little difficult to change printer cartridges
Cartridges cost more than printer
TENDS TO JAM; A BIT SLOW AS QUALITY INCREASES
Cheap, No USB cable included.
Stopped working within a month
I don't like the voice speaking telling me the printing is started and complete.  
low paper capacity, poor print quality, washed out colors, some frustrating idiosyncrasies
Expensive to Print, Outdated XP Drivers
Didn't come with a cord or black ink. 
Washed-out printouts, slow**
Ink cartridge goes fast, Our printer stopped work w/in 3mo's of purchase
Sometimes has a little trouble feeding paper
a bit slow; somewhat noisy; bulky 
Installation and software CD.
Paper feeding is quite noisy
Understanding what you're buying should reduce any negatives
Slower than a Ronco infomercial
One-function machine
larger, requires user to provide printer cable
You get what you pay for.  It's not an HP.  Ink is expensive. 
Not extremely fast
A little more $ for ink cartridges
I haven't found one yet
little quirks, nothing devastating
Not as high a quality as I had expected; the paper feeder is somewhat poorly designed; the paper-catcher is too short; and it seems to be slowly breaking its software. (Mostly minor gripes)
Cartridges very expensive
Haven't found any yet!
jamming,expensive cartridges
You decide
none!
cost of ink cartridges
Ink expensive
Colour repro isn't faultless
Bulky
Rather large footprint, slow, and ink tends to dry up when not used frequently. 
terrible dithering hw/sw/fw, VERY slow
GRABS the paper, bulky, expensive ink cartridges
Very expensive cartridges.
violent paper handling
Costly and jams often.
None yet, but I'll keep you posted!
Higher Resolution, Slower Printing
Exspensive Ink!
Somewhat slow on graphics and color.
print cartridge alignment procedure is a pain in the ...
Very poor paper load design. 
Seems to use ink quickly; ink cartridges are about $30.
uses gallons of ink, cartridges don't last and tech support is terrible
none, yet
Expensive to own 
None
Half full expensive cartridges
Expensive consumables.  6-color printing does NOT a photo printer make!
bad images quality
Jams Frequently, Ink Smears on some types of printables, very expensive ink.
Have to buy new ink cartridges.
Ink cartridges don't last long enough and they are expensive. $30 each, black and color!
ink refills cost more than Canon, but last lots longer
prints only one sheet at at time.
Slow and seems to use up black ink quickly.
Slow in colour printing
High Ink costs (I am told), Flimsy output tray.  
Compatibility to windows xp, color not as sharp as other lexmark brands.
No cable included.  Exit tray fails to stop prints from falling off.
washed out color, poor paper handling and drinks a lot of ink
Expensive, faulty consumables.  Poor colour quality, sketchy text.
Ink prices
not great for printing pictures
Drinks ink like a fish, tends to jam quasi-frequently 
upgraded ink cartridges can get expensive
Some say cartridge price (~$30) but this seems comparable to other inkjet cartridges
mediocre photo printing, bad paper trays
Consumables are a bit pricey
none
None yet
Cheap
Nothing as of yet
No Cables are included
The Z42 is only slightly more expensive.
none so far
Expensive Consumables
none
Cheap
Printer driver (Mac) not the best, expensive cartridges.
Cables should be included
&lt;b&gt;EATS INK LIKE IT'S GOING OUT OF STYLE&lt;/b&gt;
Expensive consumables (total up to around $175/year).
None yet
Very slow on 1200 dpi
not one bad thing about it.
Well, you get what you pay for...
Annoying "talking printer" utility
slow
&lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;USB cable NOT included&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;; Noisy startup and shutdown; Color quality NOT the greatest.
Slow printing, one feed roller operation. Vertical envelope feed only.
cost
Very expensive replacement cartridges, automatic feed wrinkles paper, difficult installation 
Cartridges dry out quickly and are expensive.  Some driver problems in XP.
Little slow on large documents.  Paper tray too small. Ink costs $$
none
A bit expensive
All
possible paper jams
Slightly slow for color
None.
Ink cartridge refills cost higher than normal
Might be a little slow,getting ready to print. I only added this because it's required to put in something
Ink cartridges are not at special prices as often as other brands.
High Cost Per Page, Expensive Ink
none
It talks, most printers don't, scary
NOT NT compatible.
No USB connections on some PC's
Software can get confused
Not network compatible, no Unix drivers
Slow, Poorly designed, Expensive 
Footprint, Cost of  Replacement Ink Cartridge
Size
Quick print is horrible.
Hard to find in stock.
haven't found any yet..
Use of color ink seems high.
A CMYK printer with an RGB driver. Hence the colours are wholly unadjustable and no pure colour is possible, Useless for colour unless you are a rank amateur
use the special paper when printing images
Noisy paper feed and expensive ink cartridges.
none
Prints very slowly, uses a lot of ink.
cartridge cost
cost, temperamental
Slow
Price
READ BELOW
none
slow photo printing, expensive replacement cartridges, crooked form feed gets worse with time, massive footprint
Slightly larger footprint than average printers.
Ink runs out quickly
high ink Cost.
Prone to SPOOL32 errors
None for the price
slow photo
Paper tray too short
Availability
None
REALLY BUGGY!!
May not have the sleekest looks.
Relatively expensive print cartridges 
The cost of replacement cartridges! 
need larger paper tray and better driver to set your own defaults
Simply cannot be relied upon.
High cost of ink replacement &amp; photo quality doesn't meet my expectations.
NONE
Small Paper Feed, Noisy
Problems, problems &amp; more problems!
Slow high colored pages
Noisy, Ink refills expensive.
customer service becomes your best friend
You can really tell when the cartredge is going
Didn't buy it sooner.
Expensive Ink, Low Quantity Ink Cartridges.
cheap quality
The usual budget-printer stuff
Size, Cartridge Cost
Does not include Parallel or USB cabling. Requires additional desk real estate.
Ink is expensive and not as easy to find as most brands.
A little slower than I would like.
Somewhat noisy, high cost of printing
Mediocre plain-paper printouts, consumables expensive, water soluble ink
Expensive ink
Cartridges replacement are very expensive. Occasional paper jam.
not much price movement, brand is not as well known as others
Ink cartridges are on pricey side.
A little bulky when it comes to size of printer
No complaints
NONE AT ALL!!!
expensive (but not more than other brands) ink cartridges
dark, blury digital image prints
Slow and expensive replacement cartridges
Cost of color printing per page can add up quickly, like all inkjets though.
ink is expensive, 
none yet...
Expensive Ink, High Cost Per Page
size,ink price
ink cartridges cost
ink cost
high cost of ink, slower than advertised.
Text not perfect, speed not fast
Like all inkjet printers, there will be ink cost.  Time will tell if it's excessive.
no serious
Very, Very slow
none so far
reliability, performance
A bit pricey for small budgets, otherwise, no cons.
no print preview built into the driver/print quality greatly deteriorates over time
difficult to install, poor tech support
large size
Almost too fast.  Occasionally feeds paper wrong.
Shakes a bit when printing
Poor USB support, high ink cost, poor build quality
Two Cartridge system makes buying color cartridges expensive
Slow color printing, expensive ink, strange output occasionally.
Somewhat Bulky;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lexmark Printer Ink Cartridges are expensive
Terrible technical support; poor customer appreciation.
Moderately Large for Inkjet Printer
none
Sometime Prints Sideways
expensive ink. Low quality print outs on cheap paper
Noisy at times and literally spews the paper out.  It surprises some people.
need larger paper tray and better driver to set your own defaults 
Ink(Cost) Not a Fan
Large foot print. Quality (non-output) issues. 
no usb cable in the box
Photo printing quality was low, driver froze the computer
Noisy paper feeder.
Printer is larger then most inkjets. High price of replacement Ink Carts. 
Little on the loud side and shakes a little more than the printer I replaced.
No USB cable included, Single Color cartridge
Small Paper port, lot of movement kinda loud!
Some minor driver issues in windows XP and expensive cartridges.
paper doesn't always feed properly
its higher in space needed
Buggy drivers (?), noisy, pricey replacement cartridges.
overpriced, noisy, outragous cost of replacement cartriges
Cost of Ink, Weight
Paper feed isn't a tray
It's slow
No USB cable provided; slightly bulky
Slow, big, expensive cartridges
Text disappointing, high ink consumption
Slow, expensive ink cartridges, and bad paper jams.
Bulky, paper tray is too short, noisy during some tasks
Slightly bulky; no USB cord 
paper can have trouble keeping up
Breaks down fast, unattractive bulky design, noisy
Poor photo &amp; plain paper text quality, high cost-per-page (a consistent problem with lexmarks).
paper handling 
bit large, and loud paper feed
Overall text quality was below standard.
Photo quality poorer than Epson C82.
noisy, poor quality photos.
Cost of ink cartridges.
Ink is expensive.  Combined color cartridge...when one color is out, they all are.
High per page cost, slow print speed, unreliable paper feed, poor software, bad hardware quality
Noisy paper loading and bulky size
Loud paper feed noise.  Quality paper must be used. 
Toner cartridges are a little pricey.
Expensive toner cartridges and cost per page, decent photo quality.
2Mb memory, "small" paper cache (~100 sheets)
expensive toner cartridges
No Color, No LCD Display just 3 lights on the panel
Cartridge Cost
Haven't found any cons yet :)
Driver install is flaky
paper feeder, print cartridge is expensive
paper feeder, print cartridge is expensive
Maybe I got a lemon, but the paper handling is terrible!
Bad support, does not print in DOS or LINUX
slight paper handling issue
Only comes with 4mb memory.
Amount of RAM
Learning curve needed to get proper paper handling.
None at this price point
cost of toner cartridge
A bit loud/paper pulling problem
deceptive packaging on toner cartridge
Prints look too light, no network adapter
Expensive toner, slightly cheap feeling plastic parts, low-tech support site
Software froze once
Everything!
SELECTIVELY FAXES, many receiving errors, HORRIBLE SERVICE
Doesn't have the digital card I would have liked.
No on/off button, no telephone/fax button. Poor color fidelity in copy mode. 
Noisy, slower than most, could have better software
uses a lot of ink, isn't a flatbed scanner
Fax problem
Sucks every piece of paper at once, crappy Win2k drivers and just all around sucks.
Was very hard to set up. Still haven't gotten it done. 
Snags about 27% of memory resources with the different drivers that sits in resident memory.
Cost of replacement cartridges. Difficult and perhaps impossible to network.
not a flatbed scanner
Lexmark support is rather poor.  Instruction booklet vague on certain topics.
Ink cartridges are pricey and difficult to refill.
Scan and copy quality are VERY poor. Cannot scan photos printed on Kodak paper.
Incompatible w/ XP laptops, ink problems, poor paper feed, poor support
paper always jams, long wait time for printing to start
Sometimes pulls the paper in a little slanted.  Initial Set-up problems
Only takes 100 sheets of paper, ocassional paper jam, but nothing frequent or that bad.
Quality
Driver failures in Windows XP, No parallel port, does not work as network shared printer
The printer has problems with the right ink cartridge.
Paper input jams frequently, lawsuit pending
Large, noisy
Print quality, speed, paper feed
Numerous communication errors, and when scanning it never scans straight even.
Scan quality is not good for pictures. 
Full page text (BxW or color)or photos print much slower than the specifications indicate. 
lack of network support
Scanning Colors, Installation Software, printer drivers.
Doesn't work with all USB Cards
Print quality is poor.  Slow
Expensive ink cartridges. Slow color printing. Loud paper feeder. Not for high volume use.
can have problems
A little noisy.
rather large
Have to have computer on to copy. 
Its very stressful printer, with many frustrations. Go to Kinkos.
USB connection often fails, software is a memory hog.
loud, slow color printing
I found nothing wrong with this item 
Somewhat noisy, expensive cartridges, hard to scan bulky items
does not fax, cartridges expensive, after a year, the printer died
loud, broke easily
Color printing a bit slow
Frequent reinstalls of software to correct glitches, extremely noisy during high resolution scans.
Software Problems, Hardware Problems, Printing Problems, Hours spent with tech support
None that I have found
Won't stay installed.
Regular Cartridges can cost as much as the printer, Scan quality is lacking
"Error communicating with the printer" - DOES NOT work with XP, Compaq &amp; Dell PCs
No USB cable included?  C'mon!
Have to wait for print screen before you can do anything else
Poor scans, ink runs out, price of ink relative to new printer, WINDOWS only
Paper jam-ups and misalignments; can't print nonstandard(custom) sheet sizes; documents tobe scanned mustbe superflat onglasstop
bulky but is expected since it's a scanner to
Very slow when other programs are running,
Glitchy Drivers, Poor paper handling
Setup problems, mediocre print speed.
Paper misfeeds.  Interface software very very slow.  No USB cable provided.
Chews through the ink.  Needs the PC to use copy function.
None that I've discovered
Paper is misfed and software is slow.
print quality poor, paper misaligns, print cartridges plug up
Buggy manfacture provided software required to print. Poor paper loading tray design. Jams easily.
Will have to buy cables, numerous refills that are very hard to find.
Ink cartridges are small, may want to look at refilling.
You'll go through ink cartridges like they're water., Print and scanner quality is lame., 
could not get it to work.   Software is slow
Slow Load time, paper feed errors!
Will need to purchase a cable and eventually black and color ink refills, 
Very slow, drinks ink like water, paper jams constantly, broke after a few months.
Cannot be used over a network. Touchy paper feed.  USB ONLY Connector.
Poor photo quality printing, cannot network with other computers in the house
As good as the color output is, it's not a real photo printer.
expensive ink, no *nix support, crappy paper handling, USB-only
Slightly more expensive than other printers; however, the price is worth it!
Cheaply built, bad customer service from lexmark
There is a problem with the scanner locking on some of the machines.
Reliability, dependability, poor quality and poor tech support
Its Crap - Disfunctional, bad design, incompatable, terrible print quality
Not compatible with Windows XP
Paper jams. Fax misleading
Runs Through Ink Rather Quickly; 
Size, Connection reliability with XP, Ink Usage and Cost
Display Window not lighted.
Some features can't be accessed by software if Windows XP. No paper manual.
software installation is difficult
I have not found any yet.  Costly Ink Cartridges
Margins are larger than expected.
BIG machine&amp;#13;&amp;#10;A little noisy...&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No walk-up faxing
Questions about sturdiness
sometimes there is an error message not covered in manual or on web site
The size is a little bulky, doesnt come with a USB cable.
Bad scans, flaky, cheap plastic box/hinges, cant clean underside glass.
Takes a while to figure out how to use the fax 
did not come with installation disk
&amp;#149; May wreak havoc on your system if you own a PDA.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#149; Communication problems.
Horrible printer
a bit large and noisy
Bulky and Noisy
nothing
A little on the noisy side.
Photos are not clear, noisy operation, software needs improvement, reliability questionable.
A bit noisy, flimsy, sometimes blurry, software average
Noisy, lengthy time to copy in photo mode. Tends to add too much red.
No USB cable included, other minor.
USB cable does not come with it.
cartridges ran out quick
Poor color quality for printing photos, Cheap plastic shell, USB cable not included.
breaks down two months after warranty goes out
Haven't run into any yet.
MOST OF THE TIME, IT DOESN'T WORK!
Expense of cartridges; cannot use generic brands.
Difficult to use
Software difficult to install and does not work well with XP
X83 is incompatible with Windows Xp and breakdowns average every 3 months.
Speed
Not shareable over network
Drivers, speed
Size
size. speed
None that I have found.
Poor drivers, software glitches. Poor support.
Copying isn't great Quality. , Set up kind of a pain.
Communication Errors
Bulky, expensive
Hard to install
Drivers have a tendancy to be tempramental.
Lots of problems (limited to XP, possiblly)
Excellent print, scan,copier
Failure to communicate with my computer or Windows XP
Discontinued in most stores
Expensive, although long-lasting cartridges
Shoots finished copies at you. Top load.
out of every 10 or so uses, it has a printing error
Speed, but for this price I can't complain.
Slow printing, especially graphics and pictures, and paper sometimes sticks together.
JUNK, Pricey Cartridges, Exit Tray too short (paper tends to land on floor).
Too many to list. 
*Although not really, **Ratings aren't always real life, ***Although slightly overkill
Breaks easily. Very, Very poor quality on anything other than plain black text.
None
Cartridge price, end-of-print "spew"
Additional Software, Cartridge Problems
none
Sometimes has trouble with print jobs (rarely, though).
paper feed
usb support lacking
none
none
Costly cartridges ($30 vs. $20 for Epson)
None
bulky
None
Moderately noisy.
slower than quoted, dark photo output
Conflict with AVI chipset renders printer virtually unusable
small document tray
None.
doesn't print...and no tech support help
None!
None yet!
Pixels are obvious
none
Expensive ink refills, hard to find ink refills, I bought before the recent price drop
Nothing
Cartridge Cost
Loud and sometimes slow
Not all the features of the Z52.
Average color quality; top speeds only in draft mode.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Have yet to find a Con
Does not come with necessary cables
Poor Picture Quality, claims 640x480 or 1.3 megapixel, 1.3 megapixel is fake. Has no flash
The absolute worst picture quality I've ever seen on ANY digital camera, at any price.
jaw-droppingly awful photos - absolutely destroyed our good moods
Deceptive Advertising Leading to HORRIBLE PICS especially indoors
sh_t pictures most of the time, viewfinder not accurate
Low quality pics. and breaks within months of purchasing.  
No view window for seeing if the picture came out OK.
not too good under low-light conditions
EXTREMELY poor quality
Poor Quality, No Flash, No LCD display.
Pricey, Seat Position Limitations
only one seat adjustment, limited sun-screening
Handles are fragile. 
expensive, inadequate sunshade, hard to adjust seat position
Seat doesn't recline far enough for small babies
It is impossible to unhitch the five point harness. It sticks horribly.
Expensive, heavy, small baskets
no suspension
Hood broke and lock cracked
a little costly
Not very comfortable, no shopping basket, slightly suspect raincover fittings
Small baskets.
Pricey.  (I found a bargain online).
expensive
Parts have broken easily, small canopy
Price!
detachable hood is a bit weird
price, need to service
pricey
baskets could be bigger
A little costlyly, but not bad realitive to quality.
small baskets, canopy doesn't block sun, expensive
Two handed reclining mechanism, hard to reach connecting hook
price, warranty limitations
not so easy to fold down with attachments, width
Very Pricey! smaller under seat storage
Expensive, quite wide for small spaces, canopies aren't adequate for blocking sun.
Cheap wheels, they chatter when you walk fast &amp; very hard to close. 
Small Basket,canopy window placement
Expensive, useless basket.
Lacks rubber wheels and suspension on the rear wheels.Canopy lever faulty on some models.
Heavy when folded, expensive.
non at all
4 recline positions blend into one- up or down,no drink/bottle holder, 
expensive
brakes failed, hood leaks, plastic latches on hood broken - all after 4 months
Brakes are difficult to apply, canopy doesnt provide much shade
Pricey, small basket, 
wheel issues, useless basket, other quality control problems
Positioning of window and basket a bit awkward
Small basket.
Expensive
Doesn't fully recline, small basket, expensive.
expensive, smallish basket, average size canopy
back heavy, tips far too easily
price
small basket
Swivel wheels don't always stick in the "fixed position", which I prefer to use.
Wheels NEVER worked - I bought/returned 3 Maclaren Mistrals.  Awkward brakes.
not very good for small babies, not very well padded
UNSTABLE! Low seat, uncomfortable ride, small basket, doesn't stand when folded,
small basket
High price tag.
COST $$$$$, canopy, basket
No cons unless cost is a major issue
leg rest extensions tend to collapse in the middle
It does cost more money then others.
Expensive
price
The sunhood - read below.
Camera doesn't work well in darker settings, power hungry
Bigger battery hog than Fisher Price toys! Oink!
Takes forever to snap a shot
battery usage
no optical zoom &amp;amp; low battery life
No optical zoom. Beeping cannot be disabled.
There are still advances to be made, but this is the best
slow to start, slow to view pictures 
No optical zoom, slow focus, no good for action flash shots.
No optical zoom, eats batteries (!)
doesn't hold a lot of battery power
Included program, battery usage, too slow downloading pictures.
consume batteries
Did not load pictures to PC. Power monster. Display must be On during loading.
Slow AF; electronic viewfinder needs improvement; hand grip not comfortable; exposure not consistent
Heats up, grainy viewfinder, short battery life, sluggish autofocus&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
uses AA batteries, has flimsy pop-up flash
Eats batteries, however use can use NiMH rechargeable batteries that are cheap
Takes awhile to learn all of the controls but once you do, WOW!
Exposure problems, still no PC-cord flash adapter promised by Minolta 
Only comes with 16mb compact flash card and 4 Alkaline Batteries.
Battery life is poor, power pack connector is weak.
Low Battery life like all digitals, Extra step to process pix
The viewfinder takes getting used to - doesn't feel or appear truely TTL
NO PC TERMINAL; poor battery life; painfully slow autofocus
Slow Autofocus
Poor autofocus convergence in low light
Too slow to focus, no sound on MPEG, too small, clumsy controls, poor battery life.
must accessorize, semi-long time for picture to load
Poor flash. VERY slow auto focus., grainy viewfinder.
Some people may not like viewfinder
No case or lens cap holder.
None discovered yet
Easy to produce bad pictures.
complex - steep learning curve
noisy grainy images after ISO 200,, cheap silver paint EATS BATTERIES 
Totally unreliable :(
battery life, occasional slow auto focus and shutter speed (my bad probably) in low light
Eats batteries for dinner, Can't upgrade firmware.
none so far.
Batteries go a little fast. Bring along 2 or 3 sets of rechargables
Too much noise at high ISO or low light situations.
Price may be a factor for some
non rechargable battery, 'optional' AC adapter, 
weak flash, slow lenses
Small LCD, long exposures on some pix, mic on movies not great
See A Few Concerns , 
Terrible flash photos of people indoors. 
Few setbacks
Inconsistent results in auto mode.
Battery life could be better
horible picutre quality
Have to have in manual mode for date imprint.  No other complaints!
low light conditions. macro mode
Frequent Battery Charging
Macro has probs focusing, no lens attach, 
Startup a bit slow. Flash can be obscured by finger., Accidental on from control dial.
Can turn on in your pocket, weak flash
No lens attachment options
Bad build quality, worst low level customer support I have ever encountered
None yet.
Big, heavy...somewhat complicated when using advanced features...Problems with battery life and focus. 
Would have liked a metal lens cap...
auto-focus problem and auto mode set at ISO 400
Not supported by Linux (yet), Occasionally drops pictures out of memory, Horrible Tripod mount 
Controls sensitive, non-intuitive interface, rechargable batteries a must., needs additional memory card.
Read-eye when using flash, drains batteries fast.
Rechargeable batteries a must. Needs additional memory card
Batteries die quickly, but with good rechargables, who cares.
Wish I could find a camera that does elapse time frames.
NOT LINUX compatible, zoom/toggle switch poorly located, Tri-pod mount poorly located
Lens cap hassle - Selector Switch Needs Better Detent, Side Door Opens 2-EZ
Yellow Tint Indoors, Few Physical Design Flaws
Digital zoom, AC adapter plug in location.
Doesn't save settings in auto mode, eats alkalines, camera strap anchor in bad location.
Very few cons!
The folded lens compromises image quality, a little shy on features--see review
Weak Flash, HoHum Optics, Decent Battery Life, Lack Features vs. competition
8 megabyte SD card does not store many pictures.  Count on buying more storage media.
Perfect only for point and shoot. Uses SD card(more expensive). Only comes with 8MB. 
Lens in corner needs getting used to. Can easily have finger in frame
8mb sd card. Definitely buy 64 or 128mb SD card. 
Picture quality not as good as other 2-MP cameras
Lack of features
Mediocre image quality, trouble focussing indoors, anemic flash, not robust.
Image quality is satisfactory, not outstanding.
May be too compact.  Not a camera for a person with large hands
None! Well ok maybe battery life, but the Dimage's is still better than most.
umm...
Small
Too basic, Movie Mode too small
8MB card not enough, sound and quality of video recordings not good, battery life
Lens in an awkward spot, features sometimes hard to access
None
Compromised image quality.
Short battery life
lens cover can malfunction, weak flash, more unstable than bigger cameras, no included power transformer
proprietary battery
a little awkward due to it's size, easy to block the lens when taking pictures
White balance when using flash delivers pictures having a bluish cast.
Weak flash, poor battery life, limited feature set, design/ergonomics, fuzzy pictures, 
careful or you'll block lens with finger!
Spendy.
location of lens makes it easy to block when holding, menu is difficult to manage
Fiddly menu system to weed through (as is true of all digital cameras).  Battery life.
shutter buttons drop out
Noisy and Power Hog.
Bigger than ink jet, noisier.
noisy fan, poor glossy pics
Reportedly a noisy machine (Per ZD/PC Mag)
Warm up time.  Tech support!
Non-standard windows drivers.
Slow warm up.  Smears when printing on high gloss paper
Slow Wake Up from Energy Saver mode. Power hog. Odd software installs.
Loud, Accessories expensive, slow, color  cracks when folded
can't think of any
Standard paper output tray takes getting used to (see review).  Otherwise, none.
Printer driver was difficult to install.
You must have an independent electrical circuit for this unit.
Not good for photos (including B&amp;W)
Standard paper tray is a little flimsy
Inadequate Setup Guide may be difficult for people inexperienced at printer setup.
Small paper tray, USB cable not provided
Non for its price
Poor quality pics.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Flash poor.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Long wait between shots.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Customer service is horrible.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Close-ups a little fuzzy, low memory (upgradable, though), viewer awkward
not so good in dark places
hard to use
~DOES'NT TAKE GOOD PICS IN THE DARK IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT~
photos are sub-par
limited photo resolution, lens placement
none
poor picture quality, poor flash
Cheap, quality isn't that great, short battery life
pictures are iffy at best, not high-tech
Not the best image quality
no picture preview, uncommon memory
Buy a battery factory to keep up, a little large
no zoom, no pre-view capabilities, medium-quality images
No flexibility and limited to 640 x 480 
Picture quality could be better
Non-Standard Memory, Serial Interface
Mine blew up
Paper wrinkles when doing double sided printing once in awhile
Haven't found one.
Annoying Software, Older Model
The noise when printing (very quiet when not)
Mediocre graphics quality, a bit noisy
drivers, control panel, crooked printing
Lousy Win2k drivers almost kill the thing (read more for my fix.)
none yet.
Noise
Prints slightly skewed (hard to notice), no USB connectivity
Annoying repeat of voice telling you there is no paper, or for any type of error (luckily I've only had one error in the six months since the purchase of my machine) 
Big footprint
Prints slightly skewed, no USB connections, Noise.  Annoying sterile robotic voice  which repeats error and need messages (i.e. out of paper, etc.).
paper feeder poorly designed, no USB connection
Horrid Support
Sometimes the paper feeds on an angle
Noise &amp;amp; Size
Paper tray doesn't always load paper straight, takes time to start printing, smell of ink
Poor paper handling, jamming
Paper feed design flaw is extremely irritating for business or professional work
Jams tough to unjam, doesn't handle thick stock well, sometimes feeds paper at an angle
Not much
NEC should send these out with a full toner cartridge instead of half
It's Broken right out of the factory!!
price
Paper supply on the small side, slow to warm up
None
I do not like the power saver mode
Black and white
Size, not the best printer for professional jobs.
NEC Support sucks
Paper capacity
potential for paper skewing
Terrible NT/Windows 2000 drivers
Large, bulky, crooked paper feed, flimsy output tray
none
Horrible Technical Support and no future printer driver updates. 
Jams constantly.  Terrible smell.  VERY expensive toners.  Toners cheap and fall apart in printer.  
Too slow for larger work environments
Fan is slighty loud while operating, loads paper crookedly some times, and creases paper occasionally
somewhat bulky design
drivers, control panel, crooked printing
It's hard to make the paper feed straight. No USB.
Paper load tray doesn't always load paper straight.  Software package not available for Win2k.
Annoying if you are forgetful.
slow shutter speeds if not using flash, lacks viewfinder, scene modes often distort picture
No optical viewfinder, weak flash
Blurred images
No Viewfinder, Battery Life, Flash
Sometimes pictures are blurred
No  optical viewfinder, flash weak and far too close to lens
No optical viewfinder, battery life
Poor indoor photo quality. Especially the flash and white balance.  Battery life.
slightly heavier
No viewfinder, battery life could be better
Problems when using with LCD monitor off.
Turns on and off really easily when putting it into camera bag.
sometimes is a little slow when focusing or taking picture
Rechargeable battery is not included.
Short battery life
The CR-V3 batteries cost a lot, flash isn't very powerful
Small size could be a problem for large hands/Not for the expert.
LCD screen auto shut-off, 16MB card, no discount on purchasing card, battery life
No optical viewfinder, no video-out port, red-eye problems, 
Only LCD viewfinder
No view finder
You have to buy a special battery for this camera.
Short battery life and feels just a bit fragile
Red Eye
Video mode only record for 15 seconds, The memory card is too small
redeye indoors, screen is prone to scratches
It does everything for you.
Feels fragile, massive red eye problems.
Unable to set shutter speed, LCD prone to attracting dust &amp; scratches
Red eye, a little on the expensive side
delicate,no case, no optical viewfinder
Severe redeye problems in low lighting, barrel distortion at wide angles, no separate viewfinder
Horrible red-eye problem.  Can't take any people pictures inside.
Slow for action shots, no optical viewfinder,poor pic quality at night
slow battery charging speed
2 pixels not good for printing large photos out
auto-focus can be finicky
No threaded lens to accept filters or attachments, and what's with the colour scheme?
Night shots.  A bit slow.   Most stores do not have the batteries on sale.
Glare on LCD when outside., 
Somewhat grainy indoor/low light pictures, small flash range and some red eye
Bad red-eye.  The worst case of "flash flare" ever.
Weak flash, some surprisingly unpredictable results, LCD-only viewfinder. 
poor pictures in low light, slow shutter speed, 2.3 megapixel
none really
Only 2 Megapixel, Movies can only be taken for 15 seconds
No video out, red eye, underpowered flash, no AF assist lamp
Red eye, lack of optical viewfinder
uses battery quickly, comes with a lousy memory card
poor in low light without flash
Inconsistent quality.  Not so easy interface.  Somewhat large in comparison to other digital cameras.
No optical viewfinder, no video-out; red eye issues
Movie shot lasts for 40s only., Low battery life - 80mins most
Drains batteries faster than other digital cameras.
At least a 32 Meg CF card would of been nicer.
not rechargeable!  Rechargeable batteries and case available at additional cost.  Some shutter lag time 
Battery life is awful, Low light pictures turn out dull, A little too small
Shutter Lag Time.
Short Battery Life
Scene selector dial rotates accidentally.
3.1 Mega Pixels is ALOT but it would be nice to have more!
rechargeable batteries/charger not included, no manual exposure options 
shutter remains open too long, causes blurriness without tripod
Battery use is a little much - perhaps no more than most digital cameras.
No manual modes to speak of
No microphone and the battery runs down fast. 
Easy to put your fingerprints on the lens.  
No optical viewfinder, no video-out port, red-eye problems , , 
easy to put fingerprints on lens, you have to flip the lens everytime.
No optical viewfinder, Proprietary battery, Not all features available readily.
If you buy it in S. Korea all the instructions will be in Japanese.
Not an easy to use camera for beginners, quite expensive
Battery dies after a day and hard to take out.  
Terrible picture quality, menus are tough to navigate, software lacks
digital zoom gets pretty bad picture, but thats on all digital zoom
No sound w/video, instruction book intimidating, zoom and focus slow
Battery could be better, 16MB flash card
With this feature set and at this price point, none that are significant, 
Not great action shots
Cheated on optical zoom
None that I can think of for the price
A disaster! Software crashed my computer.
no RAW, small LCD, no "aidlamp" for the autofocus, too complex menus
Some menus in manual mode difficult to access.
proprietary rechargeable battery , 8mb card included with camera
Indoor photos can wash out, no sound with video (read on), pointless 16MB card
BIG if you want a go-anywhere camera.  LENS CAP!! No integrated lens protection.
Shutter lag, manual focus difficult, no CF space indicator
Lens vulnerable to dirt and damage, no neck strap
Camera had to be repaired after 31 days of ownership.
Shutter delay, digital zoom could be clearer
None that I can think of.
Ummm... not the Coolpix 4500?!  Let me try to think of a better con...
cheap casing, 16MB card
None Significant
no sound when the shutter is released
Price and slight shutter lag&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
New LCD is smaller, complex menu, auto-focus can be fooled under certain conditions.
Battery life is a little short. But not a deal breaker for sure.
Still an overall large camera with a so-so battery life.
Cost, cost, cost
Shutter release lag time, similar battery life to that of the Coolpix 995
I believe Coolpix to be a bit childish but the camera sure proves that wrong.
pop-up flash, short battery life, doesn't come with camera case
Pop up flash; price.
exposure metering iffy, compact flash card too small
BAD!
Modal menu system sometimes leaves you wondering how to get to a certain feature.
User interface is poorly designed., No USB camera-control.
Why did Nikon shrink the LCD screen?  No RAW format.
Beginners beware! Menus confusing compared to other brands. Shutter lag.
Very poor user interface, nagging time delay on motion shots
battery life. tons of features. large size.
Battery life is a little short
no af assist illuminator, 16 MB Flash card, slight shutter lag
Weak flash
Battery life, length of time it takes to write the image to the CF card
shutter lag, poorly written manual, menus not user friendly
Proprietary battery type. Embedded features take some learning. 
Lousy user manual, very unintuitive OS
Nothing important
expensive for the average consumer, only 3x zoom, no other major weaknesses
Expensive, manual not great
New Technology is EXPENSIVE
Nasty overall lag - No Focus Assist - Lousy Flash Card support
dark screen with cluttered display, slow processing time of photos
You have to read the manual to use it.
The price might be the biggest turnoff!
Expensive. Only a 3x optical zoom. &lt;i&gt;Some&lt;/i&gt; shutter lag.
None.
Slow, poor flash results, complicated, expensive.
Flash sensor STUPIDLY placed too close to shutter finger, slow autofocus
poor ergonomics, poor flash integration, poor viewfinder, autofocus almost useless
slow reaction speed
Nothing too big, a couple of gripes mentioned...
Price, slow learning curve, placement of sensors.
could use faster lense, controlls take some getting use to
Really poor performance for the price
A little complicated for the amateur user, more expensive than other comparable cameras.
Electronic Viewfinder, no AF assist light, no lens stabilization, 
Low light performance, Expensive, Does not fully support Nikon branded speedlight support
Kinda Bulky, EXPENSIVE, ho-hum battery life.
No Lens Thread, Poor Battery Life, Expensive, Difficult Nikon Support.
Slow autofocus, unfavorable flash positioning
You MUST read the manual and play with the camera settings!
not good for fast action, best used on still subjects
Deer in the headlight looks with indoor shots. Focus slow and hard to keep.
Slow and light-sensitive autofocus, no easy way to add filters
Slow auto focus, Gets confused in low light conditions
EVF limitations cause frustration
image quality and focus 
Auto-focus, Low-light pictures, Underexposes, Laggy, Poor button layout, Annoying UI
no AF Illuminator, undersized CF card
slow focusing, small displays
focus, no optical zoom lens, small buttons, lack of flexibility relative to competitor products
very hard to upload on to a pc
...
No optical zoom, slow serial transfer
Battery Power
Needs Duracell Ultra batteries, slow PC uploads
No optical zoom
shutter button has poor feel.
none
batteries run out quickly
No USB No lens cap strap No second eye for neck strap LCD poor in sunlite
No Usb, LCD Sucks In Sunlight
Some problems getting used to manual mode features.
LCD screen hard to see when turned to a verticle position.
Slow startup, pictures not always "sharp" as film pictures
Instructions are sometimes vague.
No spot focus, slow ISO 100 sensitivity, feels kind of cheap but isn't.
Annoying delay when shooting photos.  No audible or tactile feedback.
Night photography is so-so. May not be very good for advanced users.
Pictures just don't have the depth found in non digital cameras, 
some features are not intuitive at a glance.
Disappointing if you're accustomed to Nikon pro equipment!
battery life seems short, needs bigger memory card
slow startup time, blurry shots of moving objects
lens design flaw
Shutter delay sometimes frustrating, general photo control only
battery life seems short
no manual functions, feels flimsy, no interchangeable lenses
VERY SLOW PICTURE TAKING!! Not good in low-light situations. "Scene modes" are confusing.
Will not turn into a remote car starter, or a bowtie.
impromptu photos come out blurry, higher res translates to grainy pictures. 
Feels a little cheap, not the best quality, mere 8MB card 
less than spectacular moving shots, small enough to lose.  No manual settings
Speed, some PC interface issues
slow shutter release response
Focus depth could be better, battery life could be longer.
Poor night and lowlight pictures. 
LCD screen is less than optimal
Proprietary battery and small resolution limit it to novice users.
A twenty dollar camera sold for over three hundred.
Lag time between shots, "demo" software, strictly daytime photos.
Slow startup, slow when storing or deleting from CF card, a bit weird printout
Lens Design Flaw is REAL!!
- Poor low light pictures, - No noise/confirmation when taking picture
Poor performance in low light.
Skimpy 8MB CF card, shortish battery life when using LCD viewfinder
slow picture taking, slow write time
Everything else
short lifetime
more pixels can be better, battery life, no special effects
short battery life
Long pauses between pics, no panoramic mode.
Red eye is horrendous, any subject movement causes blurring, pictures are soft
None!
Slow picture taking, possible lens issue &amp; slow picture review.
Slow startup time, sharpness issue
camera takes a long time to shoot, takes a long time to delete photos individually
waits about 5 seconds to take picture so if it's moving you might miss it!
Unreliable
Build quality low, divided responsibility for warranty issues
Takes a little too long to take picture.  
Quality of long range shots is not great.
Needs PLENTY of light; Weak flash; Reds "pop out" a bit; Forgets some settings.
No pan capability when zoomed in review mode
flimsy card door,battery door is tricky, compact flash card is not big in size.
no direct camera USB port to connect to PC
Camera size and body not as attractive as others out there.
Slow lens. Hard to retrieve memory card.
You can't easily edit directly on the camera.
No shutter speed or aperture control.
Slow, only 2x optical zoom, little eye appeal
Difficult downloading, occasional glitches in performance, tacky flashcard door
smaller, not a lot to grip
Weak flash
serial port connection is slow, flash is slightly weak, comes with little memory
Weak flash, delay between shots, 2x zoom
The flash is very weak,underexposures under 7 feet
1999 technology, is nearing end of product life.
manual on cd-rom
For the Photo Enthusiast you will want more manual control.
Ugly flimsy feeling body; serial port transfer rates
No USB, weak flash.
No USB connection, takes 1 million years to download. The flash is not strong enough.
expensive functionality
Nikon tech support not useful, tech forums useful only because of other camera uses...
Battery life
Built a but flimsy, will crack a bit if dropped (even in a case).  That is the ONLY reason why I am rating this a 4.
none
heavy, look stupid
Skimpy standard accessories: 8 Mb CompactFlash, no rechargeable batteries and charger, no built-in USB capability, no hard copy manual, mediocre software bundle. Easy-to-lose unattached lens cap. Short battery life. 
2x Optical Zoom, needs a 16-32MB card
must use Nikon View
small memory card included, no USB support, poor low-light indoor shots
Unattached lens cap
Serial cable instead of USB no shutter speed control(that or I haven't found it yet) flimsy memory card door High Power consumption! 
You may have to wait for the arrival
limited zoom; Inaccessible memory card; serial transfer
None
No USB transfer/ Not twain compatible
only a 2x lens, Eats alkalines for lunch
Digital zoom capabilities 
None
Serial only interface
Can't think of any yet
Only 8MB CF card included; No USB
Looks boxy and a bit big.
Handle with a little bit of care.
Weak flash, no USB interface, frequent red-eye
somewhat limited lighting
It's not the best looking camera and its kinda flimsy
Plastic body feels fragile
Battery door is finicky.
Few and far between
Weak Flash
Taking pictures in low light situations
None
none whatsoever
Sketchy written documentation.  CD ROM is somewhat Better
CHEAP components
no USB port
short battery life
no paper manual, no USB connection, a bit flimsy
slow uploading with standard serial port
Low battery life
slow response
None
bad flash and other features.
battery life is terrible - image transfers are painfully slow
Few second wait for picture, price, battery use.
Insufficient resolution for 8x10 prints. Poor zoom quality beyond 2X.
Questionable reliability... poor flash, expensive!
Poor battery life, 8mb memory card inadequate, and flimsy coverings.
SLOOOOWWWW upload times.  Doesn't hold settings. Awkward to hold.  No lens cap strap. 
red eye, lens distortion, could use more accessories
For the Photo Enthusiast you will want more manual control.
Quality concerns.
Ugly, mine eventually broke details below
delay button till shutter, medium battery life, 8mb CF included (1 tiff=9mb)
LCD display is difficult to view in bright outdoor lighting.
slow flash speed leads to delays
The rechargeable batteries are expensive. (But you only need two!)
video has no audio, slow, no auto lens cover, loud, better choices available
Blurry pictures, expensive ad-ons required, in shop 2 times in 1st year
Short battery life, special camera battery (not AA's)
Mediocre battery life.  Definitely get a rechargeable battery.
Battery goes fast, manual settings are hard to get right, 
Large delay between button push and picture, must push button hard
only supports Type I CF cards
battery life
Rechargable battery is extra, battery life is short, only two aperature stops, if cap left on while unit is powered up, lens is driven into the cap (not that big a deal, but bad engineering)
Battery!
No date stamp function, Lens cap can damage telephoto.
Plastic battery hatch breaks; Features difficult to navigate; only 2 aperture settings; 
Too long of a delay to take picture.
barrel distortion, a little slow shutter lag, fixed lcd viewfinder
compact size &amp; settings galore
Product discontinued, only available "preowned".
2CR5 battery, 8MB included CompactFlash Card
only 2.5X optical zoom
Challenged in low-light, a little slow, weak bundle
battery Life
High Power Consumption
Internal flash, Time lag for the trigger
Battery life.
Hidden costs (Battery, Compact flash, Software)
Battery life is terrible, 8mb memory card included
Illegal Bait and Switch Sales Practices by CAMERA SOUND, COMPDIRECT, CAMERA ZONE and DISCOVERY CAMERA
Slow shutter, slow loud autofocus, movies don't have sound, expensive
Battery life. No Case. Look over the LCD before buying. Only 8MB compact flash card.
Small viewfinder, hard to focus.
Only 16 MB C&amp;#238;mpactFlash, 2CR5 - poor battery life (need rechargable battery)
Does not come w/ charger and rechargeable batteries, only 8MB CF card.
uphill learning curve, for an old SLR guy
difficult to take steady shots without tripod, too much LCD glare
Battery Life, Software.
None
Very red backgrounds indoors, poor customer service
RED color - battery life terrible and adaptor/recharger is extra
Wide angle not wide enough, no external flash, 16MB memory not enough, battery life. 
No sound in movie mode, color tends to red in low light
somewhat complicated in manual mode, short flash range, relatively short battery life
battery life, LEMON-PRONE, bad customer service.
buttons fragile, short battery life, no extras, accessories hard to find
Limited accessories included, lens cap, too many menus, Quicktime, inconsistent fill flash, poor software
everything but size and user friendly
Haven't been able to find any yet.
reds are too bright
Zoom button is in an annoying place.
Color red looks poor, other modes are confusing to use, no real accessories included
Lens cap on string, red hues indoors, battery charger not included
Haven't found any yet!
short battery life
time lapse between pictures is very slow;carrying case is not part of purchase package; 
lens cap attached by string; easy to knock off accidentally leaving lens unprotected
Too much of a reddish cast given to most indoor pictures.
no external flash hook up
bad repair experience, LEMON, short battery life, lens cap falls off, REDS hot.
Slow start-up/cycle times, rechargeable battery/charger not included&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Removable Lens Cap, Lack of software
somewhat small, odd shape to handle
Reds far too red, lens cap on a string, slow 'processing' speeds
Highlights red hues in low-light situations, similar cons shared by most digital cameras.
Size, thick. Bad reproduction of actual colors! Lag time, press button, and wait. PC software.
Poor build, unreliable, lack of support from Nikon, menu system, dim lcd, viewfinder
2-megapixel, no Windows XP support, short battery-life, pokey connection, 8MB-CompactFlash, no image-editing software, no motion-capture.
Controls, swivel lens can be either useful or obnoxious, can be hard on batteries
Flimsy CF card cover.  Only 3x optical zoom.  Included 8 megabyte card is worthless.
bad software
redeye on indoor children shots, can't download photos to a serial port, poor tech support
Pricey, Frequent Red-eye, Serial image transfer is slow, Awkward Software, Camera always zooms in by default
pricey
steep learning curve, no USB transfer
batteries don't last long
poor printed documentation
no recharge-able battery
Depletes batteries quickly.
Cost, lacks direct USB connectivity
Uses up the batteries quickly
Initial outlay can be expensive compared to 35MM, Quality isn't as good as 35MM on enlagements, especially more than 8x10
power-up defaults
Lens cap is not attached to the camera in any way.  It eats batteries.
No USB connectivity - camera discontinued
flash
Serial Connection
Serial Port Connection, Rapid Battery Drain (due to brilliant LCD), small 8MB card included
Eats batteries, slow image download.
Memory card supplied is too small
Plastic body, bad flash photography,
Power hungry. Sometimes difficult to focus (auto) Lots of red eyes!
Poor screen visibility in sunlight, weird problem when changing modes, some difficulty in using advanced settings
Minor software glitches
Expensive, LCD not usable in sunlight
A few minor glitches
Pricey.
red eye, weak flash, too little memory to start
Poor documentation and support
no USB, flash quality/red eye
lens cap, documentation
Optical view finder does not cover digital zoom. You either guess at the framing or use the LCD which is tough to see in bright daylight.
no USB port (only serial) for downloads
Delayed Shutter Response
the turbo lag between pressing the shutter release button and the shutter release.
learning curve, battery eater
Incompatibility with Windows NT
Hard to get, high priced, average LCD brightness, poor CF door design.
Software o bit clunky. Lack of complete paper users manual
too big and heavy
red eye with flash
price + upgrades
Slow transfers with serial connection
limited photographic composition 
- Price tag ($800 - $900)  - Expense of virtually indispensable accessories
poor documentation, battery cover, tripod mount design
price
Need to use manual mode to get best shots, the manual is inadequate, included serial cable is very slow to transfer large images, battery life very short (Note: With the exception of the manual, these are likely cons of all cameras)
Haven't found one yet!
BIG
LCD hard to see in the sun, bad red eye
Lousy service.
tripod mount placement, red-eye, focusing
shutter delay, no USB connector
battery killer!!!!!
The extensive array of dials and buttons can be confusing; image quality isn't top dog
DIFFICULTY IN PROGRAMMABLE MODE, LIFE OF BATTERIES
eats batteries fast
tough to catch candid shots due to delay 
poor instructions in booklet
See review
Unstable firmware, parks in tele mode
EATS batteries. No built in USB.
none at this time
Manual was on CD so I didn't find it for a long time.
None that I know
Battery system, Slow download
Weak Flash, Eats Batteries (get NiMh rechargables)
High price, serial port to download, power usage
price
Crummy viewfinder; Dim LCD; terrible low-light performance
Cheezy tripod socket, some production problems
not real sturdy, lots of features to learn with poor explanations
Very sensitive equipment...breaks down on medium to rough handling
severe redeye, design flaws
No built-in USB connection, Zoom lens has a mind of its own, Flimsy CF slot cover
High price
not appropriate for action or macro photography
Zooms in when you turn the camera on,  uses batteries rapidly,  
No paper manual for reference
camera gets into its own way
Not very good action shots
It doesn't work anymore.  Tech support people are frustrating.
limited manual modes, eats batteries (don't they all?)
slow transfer speed with the given serial cable
Eats batteries, difficult to download pictures
poor red eye reduction, short battery life, download problems
viewfinder, red eyes
problems with red-eye
Bit pricey
Tripod screw in wrong place, compact flash door stays open, menu hard to read some times
Documentation on CDROM, serial port, useless for action photography, high battery drain.
Unusual shape, Serial connection is slow
Several design flaws; horrible product support
Learning curve is pretty steep.   It eats batteries for breakfast.
Viewfinder.
Takes a long time to download pics, battery hog
LCD gets dirty when you use viewfinder,battery level indicator,Lens cap easy to lose
Battery life
Short battery life, red-eye reduction not very good.
red eye with built in flash
Bad red-eye, high battery drain, no lens cap holder.  8MB card is small.
Price, software, no usb
The directions were incomplete.  Camera shuts off too soon to save the batteries.
Brightness varies too much on LCD, video out, and computer
doesn't do action photography easily, high battery drain
Flimsy CF card and battery doors, serial interface.  Somewhat fragile.
Slow startup, red eyes, poor low light focus.
Battery life, Hard to see the monitor outside in sunlight
Eats batteries.
Flash Red-eye is a pain. I try never to use the flash. Low battery life
crummy case supplied by Nikon, no viewvfinder-lcd
Availability of Acessories
Price, supplied CompactFlash card is small
Too big in size, awkward swivel lens
expensive
Slow download without separate drive
Pricey
Complicated hidden menu options, poor focus lock shutter sensitivity
size, design and usability can be beat. Ridiculously expensive accessories.
does great video without sound though
Battery Life, Software, User Interface, No charger
red-eye, poor flash range, hard to focus in low light
Must have original software CD, AC power in front, limited movie &amp; no sound.
not for novices
expensive
Battery usage, slow to charge
Batteries drain too quickly, Included Software Sucks
Relatively weak built-in flash, carrying case not included
Eats batteries
Big, can feel lens motor running
None!
Limited zoom range, limited to 400ISO, not constant aperture zoom.
expensive
poor battery life, prone to redeye when using flash
Don't lose the manual, you WILL need a larger memory card and rechargable batteries
Outrageously bad telephone support.
Expect to spend some time if you want to learn it all.
Expensive
Short battery life, and it's not an SLR.
Should have come with NimH batteries
size
Frustrating to work with for advanced photography.
Complexity, the manual, no type 2 memory slot and included software
Built in flash is weak (like all point and shoot cameras)
AF slow, loud, battery life is so-so
See Writeup
Pricey, needs bigger memory card, eats batteries
Small Zoom, Poor Light Collection, Short Battery Life, Type 1 CF Slot
price, taking a laptop or buying a digital wallet
Battery life and Red-eye
Low Battery Life (turn the screen off when ever not in use to conserve battery life)
expensive, overkill for most web uses
 no through the lens viewing at eye piece
none
Expect to buy more Compact Flash storage media cards!!
is a bit expensive
Requires thorough understanding of photography
See above
stuff
A few Minor  Compatibility Concerns
reliability
Batteries bad
 
no sound on video capture... small memory card
Dirty optical view finder, poor battery life
some purple fringing, battery hog
eats batteries, flash too bright for close-ups, it's expensive!
Battery life
eats batteries, cumbersome menu, a few niggling concerns.
red eye with built in flash 
Unbearable red-eyes and broken zoom in first month
Inadequate flash/red-eye, power consumption, relatively high price, slow response time
eats batteries alive
Mechanically sounds a bit rough when focusing
Noisy lens, alot to learn (numerous functions)
Focus sometimes hunts in dim light conditions
Features galore, hard to use, heavy, very pricey
Noisy, lots to learn once you're brave enough to take it off auto
Pricey
Still not adequate for action or candid photography.
optical viewfinder can sometimes be misleading
Steep learning curve in Manual mode
Relatively high battery power consumption and shutter release delay
Menues, menues, menues
Software can be picky if other cameras are installed
Still weak in low-light situations, even worse than the 950.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
camera can be a power hog
SLOW! Unresponsive and fiddly to use, red-eye, picture geometry problems
poor low light conditions, adequate speed
Bulky!!
Slow at times, Steep learning curve
The quality of bright colors is extremely poor.
Nikon won't repair it
Slow, clunky, confusing
Varying lag times between time shutter button is dressed and the picture actually is recorded
A bit noisy, Nikon should have built it around a 4 megapixel CCD.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Blotchy colors, super grainy above 100ISO, grinding lens, slow
The manual is complicated, plan on doing a lot of reading for full use.
No twain
Lots of things to figure out if you want to get past the basics.
None significant, except that they're not free...
Expensive, large, only 6 shot buffer, no IEEE-1394, changes lens focal length to 1.5X
Cons: see &amp;#147;a few concerns&amp;#148; below&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Few image stabilizing lenses available
NC 3 software,camera underexposes
Not for casual users, Pictures need post-processing, price, Nikon Capture 3 costs extra.
Doesn't come with a lens, or any compact flash. Demo software 30 day trial. 
Software, Support
The camera quits after too few photos;  must then wait.
user interface can be hard to learn. Heavy. USB interface. SLOW compressed NEF
Not quite as sharp
Only 2 frames per second motor drive.
Haven't found any
Jpeg quality, must use Capture3 software to work with RAW files, C3 is unacceptable.
N80 body, USB, 
sharpness, write time
A wide angle lens is too expensive and is badly needed.
Cost&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Cost (But still worth it)
Expensive
Dirt builds up on sensor, image buffer too small.
It's heavy, and the software that ships with the camera sucks.
Weight
none noted
High price
Need at  least $5500 to get started
first-generation bugs, expensive
price
Expensive, heavy
color can be tricky to get right on
Price Range - Availability of Acessories
You have to know what you are doing to use it.
The Cost $$$$$$$
Micro drives and batteries need work.  Requires Nikon DX model flash for consistency.
bad paper feeding
not good printing
Not for images.
Problems are soon to come.
bed
printing could slow down your computer, hard to clear paper jams
mechanical parts
No cable, print quality.
Can be complicated to find some functions. 16M xD card is too small.
Video does not have sound
Uses batteries fast(no surprise!), Olympus customer service stinks!
Cost of accessories, no hot shoe
shutter lag time, uses XD cards
Difficulty taking low light shots, video quality poor and no sound
Shutter lag, size
No image stabilization, 
difficult to use
Menus a little confusing.
Flash recharges slowly with NiMH. Small 8MB card.
Not "automatic" in downloading to PC; support only via phone not e-mail
menu driven
battery life is horrible
Batteries Die Instantly Upon Use!
plastic, alkaline battery life
no optical zoom, small life
Need an optical zoom
smallish LCD screen, small SmartMedia card included, low battery life
None really other than the 8M Smartmedia card shipped with camera a little small.
One day,  D:1E10 appeared in screen and the camera did not work after that.  
Same limitations as any other point and shoot camera.  Need to buy bigger memory card.
None
No optical zoom
Lack of zoom
When using monitor battery lasts very short
No optical zoom, drains batteries too quick
Battery Life is the pits!
So light it feels a little flimsy; LCD could be larger (only 1.5")
Have to close the camera to view pictures on the screen
not standards-compliant, awkward lens cover
Don't like how slow it retracts!
No A/C adapter included
Not as versatile as the very expensive digital cameras.
1.3 Megapixle.  Open close mechanisim for sometimes pinches lense barrel.
none
I am staying up nights, trying to think of some cons, but no luck yet.
Doesn't work too well with low lighting.
power button placement, lens cap not attached
minor.
Awkward battery compartment, bad placement of power button
high price
some faults with the it's design
The camera was built somewhat off so the power button is very close to the shutter which might make you turn the camera off when taking a picture. Also, the batteries drain quick but since they are just four AA batteries, it made no difference to me
battery eater, power button placement, parallel cable means slow downloads
power button placement, other than that, nothing!
LCD difficult to use in sunlight, confusing interface, sucks batteries dry very quickly, minor design flaws
Bad lens cap, hard to switch between flash modes, expensive
Low light quality (grainy), poor alkaline battery life (use NiMH), Poor power button location, only 8MB, no USB
Size, software
not much memory to keep the shots, small LCD preview screen
slow download time
Battery hungry with lcd on, advanced features take some learning
High price
no battery charger, uses battery power quickly, bright flash with no ability to bounce
The 2020 cost just a little more and offers more features.
Confusing controls.
Olympus customer service, camera reset &amp;quot;feature&amp;quot;, no easy way to clean SmartMedia contacts
Can't think of any
Some ergonomic problems
Nothing major, except perhaps recovery time
Power button location.
THERE ARE NO CONS ABOUT THIS CAMERA AND I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO EVERYBODY
power button and shutter release button too close together
interface seems a little buggy
compact size sometimes a problem, can have battery door problems
Lens cap, bad power button placement, bad selection button placement, durability
Washed out photos.  White balance issues.  Lack of color saturation.
lens cap, battery life, a little big
Lens cap not attached, minor design flaws. Not good for impromptu shots.
No camera case?
not so user-friendly for the casual photo-snapper
No USB connection, no sound
IT'S DEAF!!!!
haven't taken the time to figure out the remote
No USB, noisy motor
Zoom control
none
Lens cap comes off too easy.  Easily lost
Not very sturdy, fairly lame software
When it stops working, Olympus repair policy is evil.
Complicated settings and long downloads
No lens cap leash
Poor Owners Manuel
retracting lens, unattached lens cap, no sound
Complicated. Too small?
A little too small for a big man's hands, No sound recording.
none
THERE ARE NO CONS ABOUT THIS PRODUCT. IT IS JUST A GREAT CAMERA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
smallish size
(minor) no attachment for lens cap
None
not compatible with iMac
menu is a bit intense with options
Should include USB connection
None
the strap was a pain to put on.
Lens cap, thats it!
no usb, no sound with movies
poor accessories
Lousy instruction manual, that stupid lens-cap, poor small display Icons.
Remember the lens cap
does not handle low light and distance very well
Macro abilities could be better
Below average image editing software. 
flimsy lens cap, software difficulties
Not particularly user-friendly
Good things cost money
accessories not included, occasional lag time
For more convenience a larger card should be bought, the LCD screen drains the battery quickly
A little bulky
8&amp;quot; macro focusing distance
No USB, flimsy exposed lens barrel, bad software, lack of ergonmic thinking, design thinking in spots
Minor design flaws
cheesy lenscap
fragile lens
Lens cover/spring works funny
remember to take lens cap off before shooting
Electronic zoom
Paid so much I'm afraid to take it places
No USB connectivity
Serial port, no case, lens cap not attached to body
expensive
sometimes difficult to operate complicated tasks
Not many from what I can see.
None too mentionable
Little too big for pocket; not cheap.
Lens cap lost easily; no USB; wide optical viewfinder 
doesn't allow double exposure
Some small annoyances, a bit outdated
No direct link to Macintosh. You need to buy a USB reader writer.
Uses slightly-slower Smartmedia memory
Confusing Menus
The directions for downloading pictures are wrong.. causing slight frustration
Fiddly menus
Cluttered interface, Bigger than the Canon S110
Downloading to computer is a little tricky!!
Settings are a bit confusing at first; must buy some accessories.
Lens cap
Menus could be a little more intuitive
Inaccurate viewfinder, slightly slow
Memory cards with which last about 4 years.
dedicated case can not contain camera + filter (which requires an adapter).
Software included with camera not too great.
Viewfinder not very accurate, LCD display hard to see in high sunlight conditions
The lens cap setup could be better
None significant
bulk and heavy
EVF hard to see through in dim light.
Pano loss when SMcard formatted with card readers, Insufficient included SMcard, Wasn't free.
Resolution only 2.1mp, Expensive for 2.1mp camera, only 8mb card
Very noisy at ISO 400, purple edges at full telephoto, not much more...
Rumor has it Olympus has stopped manufacturing it
Includes only 8Mb card. Too many features.
None . 
plastic body, 8 meg media card
big
Auto white balance is off much of the time when shooting indoors.  Lame software program.
8MB memory too small and lens cap strap wasn't include
High battery consumption.
A few minor tradeoffs
none
Large, heavy, Long restart from Suspend
Dust in the viewfinder, rubber hand grip stretches &amp; becomes unglued
Only uses Smart Media and this Camera model is getting hard to find.
Half-second shutter lag, but apparently almost EVERY digital camera has this.
"Only" 2.1 megapixel, electronic viewfinder, not small
short battery life-have solution, external battery pack
Got big hands?
A bit pricey
Few.  Lacks decent battery indicator.
Might be a little complicated for the beginner, can eat batteries.
Heavy, bulky
Placement of a couple knobs could be better.
Pretty bulky if you want a travel camera
Lower resolution than competitors, not as fast as competitors
None that I've found
The price:  $999,  Also, it comes with PhotoDeluxe, not PhotoShop.
Bluish cast to some pictures
"Only" 2.1 MP, larger and heavier than most digital cameras
low MP at only 2.1 the viewfinder to small
Not a beginner's camera
Not small compared to other cams.  Hard to find.
Over priced, HUGE camera, heavy, film is expensive, battery life 
Gobbles up batteries like nothing you ever saw, but what digital doesn't?
Gobbles up batteries like nothing you ever saw, but what digital doesn't? 
It goes through batteries to quickly. 
No optical viewfinder.  A bit bulky. 
Heavy weight,power killer,no viewfinder
nothing
You may need an exorcist.
Bigger and heavier than other digital cameras.
Bulky and sometimes awkward to carry
Bulky , printing quality is very good but Polaroid 500 photos are small size.
Batteries Tend to Go Dead Fast, Memory Card Reader may Be Needed. Kind of Heavy.
Larger than expected
Can I borrow $800, maybe I'll come up with more
Bulky, print quality is average
Big, sometimes heavy, battery eater, quicktime video clips with no sound...
Rather large, expensive polaroid film
A bit big, off position doesn't lock to prevent battery usage, small picture printed (2X3)
None, other than size of camera.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Overkill for the beginner.  Memory and batteries a must.
Noise sometimes visible, No USB connection, no "real focus ring"
AC adapter extra, serial cable not USB, only 4 F-stop settings:  F2.8, F3.9, F5.6, F7.8
No USB port, lightweight construction
not enough zoom, pricey
Very slow snap-shooting response - has no case, lens cap can easily be lost
A bit larger than the non-SLRs, some bugs in handling the 32MB Smartmedia card
no case included, a little pricey but worth it
Quirky preview image quality, limited aperture control
Price
price is high
Uses a lot of battery power.
Poor manual controls unsuitable for pros
Manual focus requires button pushing
None
Can't frame pictures through the LCD screen, only two aperture settings, only 3x zoom
Have not found one yet
price tag
only 2 aperture settings, pricey, no USB
Limited zoom, has a learning curve
battery drain, need to package with bigger capacity memory cards
Can't switch lenses, limited aperture settings (2!)
Lens cap not attached.
A little difficult to learn.
Lens cap design, too complex for the casual user
Not compact size, attaching add-on lenses is a hassle
Battery life, Must read manual, Must remove lens cap, Small 8MB memory card.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;      supplied
Memory card needs to be at least 64MB to have a lengthy shooting session
3 megapixels still won't make a great 8x10, despite the hype
Menus are confusing at first
Only comes with 8 MB memory card
optical viewfinder doesn't match up to the picture
Poor software. Flimsy Design. Be prepared to spend money on accessories that should be included.
Minor complaints regarding interface, on/off feature, aperture, sound, viewfinder
Should come with a larger memory card. 
Slow to pull up pictures that have already been taken
Flawed lens cap design, poor viewfinder, skimpy memory card, no AC adapter, no rechargeable batteries.
Requires time to learn using all the functions
no mode settings (sports, night, portrait) shots. Lens cap...easy to lose.
Lens Cap needs a strap (already lost mine), Need a lot of accessories
Battery life, slightly bulky
Manual a little overwhelming at first, Smart media disk is only 8MB.
You're going to need more SmartMedia than the supplied 8mb.
NONE
Not for you if you have 5 or 6 megapixel envy!
Lens cap could be lost.
Old model can easily be surpassed by newer, better and cheaper ones.
Camera locks up when writing to media. Camera operation not user-friendly.  
Funky Windows Software, small memory card, lens cap 
factory refurbished did not come with lens cap
Large pictures take up more room on the smart card
Too many menus, Button to view last shot taken
Menus sometimes a little fiddly.
Uses batteries quickly, easy to lose lens cap, software is lacking.
Pricey $850, uses a lot of power.
user interface is not user friendly
no lens strap, supplied Smartmedia card
USB only
Pricey and should come with more memory cards and an AC adaptor for the money.
Lens cap annoyances. Few extras included.
Inaccurate viewfinder, "dark" photos, image distortion/vignetting at wide angle, silly panorama mode, unreliable card
When turning it on you have to wait for the lens to come out!
Price and lens cap cover not attached to the camera.
expensive
poorly written manual, doesn't include rechargeable batteries
bad optical view finder, no rechargeable batteries
Lens cap can be bothersome
lens cap and required extra purchases
memory card not enough space, flimsy lens cap, crashes at higher resolutions, customer service 
flimsy lens cap,delivered with small memory card
f2.8 lens, Olympus should'va kept the f2 lens
Pricey!  Camera should come with more than a 8MB memory card.  AC adapter NOT included.
Can lose the lens cap!
Comes with a small memory card.
Only comes with 8 MB flash memory card
Focus could use a little work, and the loose lens cap is very annoying.  Some third-party compatibility would have been swell, too
You have to remove the lens cap before you turn it on
Low light picture quality poor, lens cap needs a retainer or a strap.
Takes awhile to learn all options, slower burst rate than 3030 but who needs faster?
INCONVENIENT LENS CAP/HARD TO FOLLOW MENUS
Small memory card, no rechargeable batteries included, movie mode need a lot of light
Small memory card, needs rechargeable batteries and charger, lens cap easily lost, Viewfinder is off.
PRICE!!!
none
8MB card, Not rechargeable
Viewfinder only shows 80 per cent of the picture area 
Eats batteries, but one can easily determine ways to save on energy drain.
flash is weak, eats batteries
SmartMedia card is not large enough!
Average macro mode and slow start-up 
Pricier than other options
16mb card is to small, and the digital zoom gets fuzzy when printed out.
Menu can be confusing, Lens cap 
Slightly clumsy
Slow to start, 3X optical zoom a little slow
Short battery life.
Terrible battery life, no sound on movies, bulky
Lens cap isn't so stable. Try not to drop it!!
View finder does not "frame" same size as CCD display.
Slow to open and close
None so far
battery life, case, no movie sound
Somewhat slow auto-focusing and recharge times
Inferior optical quality, rather cumbersome to use, 
Lens cap design is poor, complicated menus.
Lens cover is not attached
Hard to use rocker switch.  Badly designed lens cap.
macro mode is ZERO!!!
Macro Mode, Detachable Lens Cap
Lens cover not attached by a cord, so could be easily lost.
Batteries don't last long, have to reset it when I turn the camera on
none
Color rendition not always accurate, lens cap, slow auto focus, rechargeable battery not included.
Poorly placed flash, no hotshoe and long photo lag
Hard to give back to the salesperson after you play with it.
Olympus' "stinginess" in included extras, included manual not up to expectations
Learning curve for features---Macro feature is poor--lag in shutter 
Macro mode is rather unimpressive.
Lens cap, price
Flimsy ... looks like a prize out of a Cracker jack box
Cost and complexity of instruction book.
Macro mode rather unimpressive.
none of significance
no firewire port, no photoshop plug in, poor download software
Poor user interface, macro mode isn't all that &amp;quot;macro&amp;quot;
Poor interface
Grinding lens mechanism, lens cap,  menu system a little cryptic
Pricey, but coming down
Pricey, Poor Manual and Poorly Designed Lens Cap
no
still expensive
Small size for big hands
poor mechanical design
No case or lenscap teather.
limited to existing lens
Steep learning curve
Price
can be intimidating
The longer you wait to buy, the more you'll get for your money.
Can't think of one yet!
overexposes on auto settings, doesn&amp;#146;t ship with rechargeable batteries/charger, slow RAW/TIFF mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Remember to take lens cap off. Use of menus versus controls.
Slow response time, slight over-exposure, no charger or power adapter included.
none
lens cap design, slight overexposure, size a little big 
Small memory card, lens cap interference.
Average battery life, a bit bulky, comes with small memory card, expensive accessories
Size, battery is an extra
overflash problem indoors
accepts only sm cards
The camera itself is fairly low quality and breaks too often.
Poor documentation on downloading pics to computer, some quirky features
Sometimes overexposes on auto settings. Software bundle outdated.
Pricey (but worth it)
Expensive. Bad software.
No rechargeable batteries&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Two &amp;#145;hot pixels&amp;#146; in my night time shots&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lens cap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Lens cap tends to pop off too easily.
External flash provisions not good.
sometimes tends to overexpose, price
Cost
rechargeables not supplied, viewfinder, no NTSC/PAL switching, flash exposure, manual focus
flash is blocked slightly with add on lenses 
Filters unavailable (to my knowledge)
8 MB Storage card supplied with camera is woefully inadequate
At this price, none  , 
battery
Small storage card, battery life.
No notification that lens cap is still on 
Some barrel distortion in images; lacks an auto focus illuminator; no sound capture
Frontal direct flash, quick battery drainage
There are so many things you can do with this camera, try finding the time.
wish it had higher optical zoom
Slightly Heavy.  Not as cool looking as other cameras.
Viewfinder too small, occasional overexposure occurs
No Remote Control, Not as durable as the 3000 Zoom
None
Size of pictures and erase features are not what I would like.
Flash is not centered over lense.. will generate some red-eye
Depends on what you'll use it for
None as far as I can tell
Somewhat of an effort to learn finer features.  
None.
Bundled storage card is too insubstantial. No voice with Movie recording. Manual lacks quality content.
i found the price to be a little high 
It creates bad results in bumpy roads. 
Kind of heavy but not too bad. Image quality is good except for its tint.
SM card has just 128M maximum.
Default f-stop setting
Smartmedia Memory Card, Somewhat akward (until you learn it) menu system
None yet
Not so good for sports--optical zoom is too small.
Complicated for an amateur-Horrible customer support/warranty help 
Battery life &amp; no camera bag. For the, price larger smart media card.
User manual,software kind of plain.
Holds funny in hands
Maximum smart media capacity is only 128 mb
Takes a while to get used to it.
A little too big
Keeps reverting to default picture mode (HQ) each time cameram is turned off.
View finder cuts off edges... and that's about it!
Expensive...
Hard to review picture with LCD in bright light. 
no rechargeable batteries and 16MB card
No rechargeable batteries &amp; the SmartMedia card is too small!
No NiMH batteries, charger or case included w/ camera 
Weird external flash out, options in menus are layers deep
lack of essential accessories, 3x zoom 
A bit bulky for my taste.  smartmedia (limit to 128Meg as of now).
Incapable of color balancing properly in low light
Wish it shipped with rechargeable batteries.
Lens cap can jam lens extension when turned on
battery life, lcd gets hot, dead pixels - all easily remedied
Battery life could be longer (use rechargeables); 128 memory card=120 photos!
Included memory card too small, poor user manual
3x zoom. Flash is overwhelming at times.
No rechargeable batteries supplied, slow power up.
Lens cap alarm is annoying, but really works. Red-eye shooting people in dark settings.
Lens cap. Lens cap. Lens cap
Sometimes funky focusing issue. Learning curve
Highlights "burn out" in bright sunshine.
Grainy pictures, No Audio, Too much redness
Price
None 
low light focus, red-eye, non-standard battery
no protective cover on LCD,questionable low-light capabilities,many settings
price, uses new xD picture card
Camera is small and must be held steady when shooting photo.
same problems as the D-360L, too many options &amp; grainy low light photos
Complex at times; no audio
no scratch guard for LCD, software is horrible
PRODUCT WARRATEE IS FAKE, high price, questionable quality of camera components
Erratic menu operation, Warranty service
No LCD screen cover, no AF assist light, 
Terrible resolution!
Pricey
macro mode is pretty naff, distortion on the extremes of the zoom
Programing set up
Can't charge battery in camera
LCD screen does not fold all the way out.
tiny, cheap viewfinder; clunky software with no Adobe PS plugin for raw files
Nothing significant
microphone not too good
None, compared to other cameras in its class, but viewfinder could be better.
Voice out of sinc with video, Max 400iso, Slow to take picture,Lenscap
Complicated for Beginners..
Power switch is easy to bump to the on position
Time taken between pics
Has an annoying habit of showing "card door open" error. 
Nothing to write here.
Not credible in point and shoot mode, requires lots of fiddling for best results.
Expensive and can get a bit complicated if you are fairly new shooter.
zoom lens, ackward lens cap
None
Product instruction manual almost insulting for a camera of this quality.
CF cards are expensive and some dont work at all
Not really a con, but I learn something new about it everyday
Shutter lag, especially with flash. View finder.
LCD could be larger / more neg. tilt, Only 3x optical, camera resets to factory.
weight is a problem,heavier than others
Compact Flash issues and action limitations.
Flash is too bright on auto setting, but can be adjusted. 
Has no low / middle battery indicator.
Need good light for proper exposure 
none really
LCD Monitor could be a tad better
Viewfinder could be a bit larger. Printed manual could be more comprehensive.
Annoying shutter lag, , Parallax error in close shots, , Requires lens cap, 
picture quality (if you don't read my review)
can't use nikon flash, battery door a little weak.
Stupid lens cap/power on problem, LCD should swivel as well as tilt.
A little bigger than some people might like.
Menu is a little complex and is to big to fit in your pocket.
a bit clunky to carry around
My #1 con is the viewfinder parallax when zooming.
Some chromatic aberration
Comes with rather small memory card, no rechargeable batteries, and no memory card reader.
None!
None!
you &lt;/b&gt;must &lt;/b&gt; buy more memory. More bulky than some cool Nikons/ Canons
Red-eye with built-in flash (as with all compact cameras)
Image distortions
purple fringe, must stay still for clear pix
Small memory card, no rechargeable batteries
s/w crashed WIN98 system, bulky compared to other models.  No A/C charger, small 8MB card.
Lack of durability of case finish
Haven't come across any yet.
Unthreaded lens, difficult to use full zoom without tripod.
No IS and purple fringe in a few pics
Heavy, 8 mb memory
battery life
No rechargeable battery, small LCD
A few quirky defaults in the programming, lense cap, not pocket-sized.
bulky, small memory card, succeptable to shake, heavy chromatic abberration,
No A/C adapter, no "Steady-Shot" feature
Battery consumption
No stabilization, Eats batteries, Small included card, No focus assist
Wish it was 3.3 megapixels , some noise in low light situations.
Better-than-beginner photographers will need a better-than-this camera!
no manual zoom, very functional but needs some getting used to, a little pricey
Touchy, slow focus, no a/c adapter, no movie sound, no autofocus
Didn't work well for taking pictures of my wiggly baby. Confusing to use at first.
Technical problems from the start
Average shutter lag and minor image noise, , 
digital zoom is worthless (surprise!)
1) Close Up Focusing 
SLOW SHUTTER, blurry pictures, no ability to capture moving shots.
The shutter lag is too long.  LCD display is misleading.
Pictures not the sharpest. Movie mode just OK. Lens rattles when shaken.
Slow focus, poor focus doesn't match resolution, lens hood in the way.
moving photos are harder to take, no manual focus
Terrible auto-focus; Red-eye problems 
None
Significant noise in indoor shots when using factory settings, poor printed manual. 
Silly non-rechargeable batteries included. Included case doesn't fit the camera
No image stabilization, shutter/AF lag, 
Complicated menu
Some complexity of menus/settings, need to stabilize for telephoto shots
Zoom is noisy and loose, Sucks the batteries., Pop up flash
Very long shutter lag, very long recovery from sleep mode
Software could be more user friendly.
A bit pricey
No re-chargable batteries or charger supplied in Australia., Only a 16mb card supplied 
You need to devote time to learn to use it--but do.
Thick, Battery, digital viewfinder. 
Hard to see subject in viewfinder at low light with FL20
The memory card is too small and no rechargeable batteries!
No image stabilization, the C730 could use both SM and xD cards, 
Instruction manual of 271 pages is difficult to read on PDF included with software.
Navigation of setting. Can be confusing at first.
Lens cap loose, requires lens extension for add ons, view finder poor at night 
Long lag between button pushed and picture taken. Expensive. Expensive and limited XD media
Noisy and slow zoom, pricey
Short battery life, small storage
No USB port, no included Smartcard reader.
No AC adapter included
No optical zoom
Battery life, no zoom, quirky menu system
Not immediately Mac compatible, no optical zoom, eats up batteries, buttons are hard to push
Camedia software not all it could be.
Battery life, takes a second to close because of the zoom lense.
no usb out of the box 
Poor software.  Toss it.
Don't lose the sw cd
It only has a 2x optical zoom and eats batteries when using LCD monitor
Delay from when you click to take the picture and when it actually takes
Only comes with an 8mb card.
no usb connector, only 1.3 megapixel
outlet door where accessories plug in is very fragile
Battery life, no zoom option
Pictures of Red Glass do not show well at all.
No optical zoom, battery life, poor picture quality, slow transfer
It died! Help!
no ac adaptor, uses batteries quickly
Slow processing speeds, poor battery capacity
None -- it's better than it should be.
No U.S.B. cable; Flimsy front lens cover
sucks up batteries like there is no tomorrow, images can be a bit grainy
Icon interface takes some getting used to.
can't find any yet!
NO OPTICAL ZOOM LENS
SLOW shutter speed and no zoom. 
no real zoomability, and costly memory cards
Zoom feature
none that i can think of so far.........
batteries, 8 MB memory
It doesn't come with a camera case!
amount of pictures you can shoot
Uses batteries
Cumbersome menu; washed-out LCD; tech support
Telephoto limited to 2x, cannot add lens
Needs Sandisk imagewriter
None
Batteries don't last as long as I would like.
none
You'll want to pick up an accessory to transfer photo images faster.
adjusting to no film processing?
No AC adapter included
none yet
none
Finger can be placed to close to the lens
Eats Batteries if you use the rear viewer a lot.
Uses alot of batteries
battery life
Smartmedia memory. digital zoom
NONE
no optical lens
Must purchase floppy adapter at the very least for any kind of speed in transfer from SmartCard to computer.
eats batteries
No zoom
cheezy little plug hatch door. Gotta be careful with it
You have shut off the camera in order to view and or delete photos.
No optical zoom, slow shutter speed, short battery life, USB would be nice
my finger gets in the pic frame, no carry bag
no zoom, lag
none to complain of !
uses a lot of batteries, menu confusing at first
No zoom, terrible UI, terrible software
Lack of AC adapter
Short Battery LIfe
Get an AC Adapter or get a USB Smartmedia Reader
Bad performance on contrast
none so far
Software could have more features.  No AC Power Cord.
None to speak of
small memory card comes with it, sucks batteries
cheap looking, short battery life
no optical zoom, only 8 MB standard, no USB
Manual instructions need time to read, eats batteries
weak zoom
Battery drains
eats batteries
Recessed buttons are tricky to use
Must keep batteries on hand
software could be improved
battery life
None that I know of
keep plenty of batteries around
good-bye photo albums, hello computer albums!
Poor zoom picture quality
indoor shots grainy on screen, flash defaults to &amp;quot;on&amp;quot; 
Battery dies fast
compressed thumb nail pictures
no optical zoom
Warranty turnaround time
Battery life
No zoom
It does not have a zoom lens
did not come with a/c adaptor
not as advanced as some
zoom, sm card, 
Downloading Time
None
Ease of use
slow serial connection
Panaramic Only Works On Factory Digital Film.
Battery life, serial connection
No built in zoom
No Zoom
no zoom
Battery Life
Weak zoom, battery
Batteries die fast
Only ni-MH batteries last, kinda slow parallel port transfer
not fancy, dark pictures in overcast weather
Eats batteries
None
No Zoom, Software Stinks, Picture Transfer is S-L-O-W
You won't get to collect those nice little cans that 35mm film came in.
people blurry, no zoom, awkward menu functions, slow download and processing between photos, bad software
No optical zoom / consumes batteries fast
Uses batteries quickly
No real zoom
battery useage and download times
Bad Camedia software, slow interface, eats batteries
Hard to change resolution.
Low battery life, but still a good camera.
Short battery life when using LCD, no zoom
Megapixel&amp;#13;&amp;#10;memory&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Takes time to figure out
Clumsy controls, minimal memory, eats battery when connected to PC, slow recharge, no optical zoom
None really
does not ship with smartmedia card
Only 2 MB of internal memory, high amount of color noise on indoor shots.
Ferocious battery gobbler, A/C adapter is extra cost, skimpy documentation. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
No (non-digital) zoom, eats batteries, poor software, variable performance in some lighting conditions
hidden costs - buy rechargable batteries and a smart card
movies need lots of light
No optical zoom
No TV hookups! No Rechargeable Batteries included!
Software is not compatible with Windows 98SE upgrade.
zoom function severly decreases pic quality
digital zoom, not optical. That's about it!
LCD screen eats batteries. Included memory card is small.
Default resolution is high (but can be changed before snapping the picture)
Poor quality when zooming more than 1.5x; battery life somewhat short.
Not mastered the zoom yet...oh ya..no video out...:(
Non-rechargeable batteries.
hard to delet pics
None yet
Lose a picture if battery is low;
Limited accessories, weak zoom, only 2.0 megapixels
Only 2.0 Megapixels
none
No optical zoom (digital zoom only), Smart media
no tv hookups and batteries don't last too long
low battery life, no optical zoom, digital zoom deteriorates picture quality
Poor battery life, bad quality photos when zooming.
Not a long battery life.
battery door pops open unexpectedly; camera explodes when dropped in ocean; Olympus repairs too expensive.
Non-rechargable batteries, Very short battery life, Memory card fairly small
Battery usage, photos cloudy on zoom
Fixed Focal Length
No rechargeable batteries included and the 16MB SmartMedia card is too small!
Cost, small included memory card
cannot use viewfinder when taking macro photos.
Included batteries, no protective case included
no case, drains batteries, no AC adapter
Pricey. Small (16mb) included media card.
Chromatic abberations, short zoom range, battery life
Weak flash with long recycle time
None
Could use a slightly faster lens (f 2.0), but not  absolutely necessary.
Price, limited optical zoom, slow shutter recycle rate.
Could only get the double-barrel L-ion batteries to work well, long shutter lag
Not great battery life, Cannot put any lenses on it
No rechargeables, only? 2.8x zoom
freaking batteries don't last very long. doesn't come with a case, or rechargeable batteries... 
Long learning curve for some; delicate mechanisms; no longer sold!
Need to figure out (on your own) some of the more detailed options available.
menu-intensive, but i think i've figured them out!
You have to turn the sound on separately, when you select movie.
SmartMedia Card, only 2.8 optical zoom, Short Battery Life, no accessories
Misaligned viewfinder, software doesn't "talk" to the camera
The icons on the camera are hard to read.
See review
Eats batteries like the famine is coming tomorrow, only 8mb card included, confusing menu system.
Manual on CD only, the sliding lense cover
None
Poor manual, Night pictures probably, Only 8 Mb memory card included
weak included software; not many add-ons
Quality Problems
Horrible manual, mediocre software
No manual focus, terrible documentation, on camera menus not user-friendly
Can&amp;#146;t delete more than 1 image at a time, tricky user interface
Essentially no significant cons.
No information LCD on the top, instruction manual on a CD, No rechargeable batteries/charger included.
Missing functions, cheapish appearance, severe quality problems
Must buy rechargeable batteries&amp;#13;&amp;#10;and larger smart media card - although still a great buy
Eats up batteries.
no (internal) rechargeable batteries, no date stamp on pic, exposed view screen
delayed shutter
No rechargeable batteries, small memory card, no top LCD
Weight with Rechargeable Batteries
Runs through batteries very fast, annoying delay in taking pictures
None that I can see.
Lack of features, and low res compared to some other models out there.
hard to hook up to your computer
Shutter cover/flash cumbersome.
Software is weak, menu systems need to be revised, no case
Eats through batteries, heavy
Tough on batteries
Only 8 mb Smart media card included 
Standard memory is low, full documentation only on CD-ROM
No digital info readout, some features buried in the menu
Instruction manual not on target for start up
Usually hard to operate because of the lens cap.
Bad on/off switch, Viewer is in bad place
None
Some blurry photos in motion and exposure is too dark when shadowed under sun
8 mb SmartMedia
Difficult to setup, short battery life, unreliable in electronic hardware
Doesn't work, 8MB SmartMedia card.
None.
Battery Life
Short delay in image capturing once you press the shoot button.  Drains batteries quickly.
only 2.1MP, no sound in vid clips, slightly annoying GUI
Slow Capture time! Slow flash recharge time, marginal software, and small viewer.
None
Flip up flash, picture review limitations
Larger than Canon S200
Does not do well with action shots, slow recovery to take next shot
delay between button pushed and photo taken, sometimes flash doesn't engage on auto-flash
slow shooting between flash shots; picky smartmedia card
Quick battery drain, long wait between flash shots, poor low-light capture
battery life, need to set date and time after putting in new batteries
Slow "film" speed, and the widest angle ain't wide enough
Settings are difficult to navigate, Computer software is weak
No rechargeable Batteries included, Fragile, large size makes it awkward.
Battery life. You will need to invest in rechargeable batteries.
awkward to close, requires setting adjustments EVERY time you turn it on, eats batteries
Slow Flash
Only comes with 16mb media, but can be expanded to 128.
Movie has no sound.
It does eat batteries but then they all do
Rather heavy and big
You need to buy rechargeable batteries.
Manual should be more detailed, battery life suspect, no ac adapter.
Sliding lens cover, cheap memory card cover.
White balance for rooms with warm lighting not very good, somewhat questionable build quality.
Slow in Higher Res. Modes, Not much room for creativity.
Takes a second or two for the picture to actually take.
Slow between photos, Not durable, Drains batteries quickly, bulky
Goofs up on lighting occasionally
Little slow in low light, lcd choppy in low light
big
This thing eats batteries.
No AF illumination beam, no manual exposure options, rechargeable batteries and charger not included 
The included strap is good only for the wrist.
Battery life, fixed lens
not easy to create depth of field effects with E10.  Limited zoom.  slow menus.
Doesnt come with rechargables.
Weak AF in low-light, AF will confirm though OOF, slow write small buffer
Features are not very easy to master.
Auto Focus can sometime be off, if not a well lit subject.
optional accessories are limited, weak, and very expensive..some features are hard to use
High price, quality does not match 35mm film yet.
Program mode is not shiftable.
short grip necessitates optional battery pack and extended grip for big hands. Exposed LCD.
None Noted
Fixed Zoom lens of questionable quality and sharpness
IBM Microdrive NOT recommended; somewhat dim viewfinder, 1 AF sensor, vertical grip could be better; more shadow noise than some other top-notch digicams
The price: 1,999, also the amount of photos it can hold (see below for details)
software
Expensive for weekend photographer, bad low light focus, ISO issues.
autofocus in dark situations is crap - can't reload batteries in camera
&amp;#13;&amp;#10;IBM Microdrive not supported, some stripes on LCD screen
Slow preview mode and start-up, substantial price
Hot pixel problem. Wandering auto-focus.
Only con I can think of is that is doesn't come with a carrying case.
Those damn bright lights next to the view finder. Blinding!
menu screen is hard to read, , macro setting is virtually useless
Sliding door opens too often in pocket
Takes too long to go into preview mode.  Broke on me after 3 weeks.
NONE
It doesn't have the capability to take as many pictures as you want.
USB 1.1 instead of USB 2, default shutter speed is slow without the flash.
No manual controls, no AF illumination beam, the full users Manual is on CD , 
picture quality, terrible flash, terrible user-interface!!
Can't take long movies
Not completely intuitive menu, no manual white balance
the cover for the plug ins was hard to open
Panorama-mode assistance is a joke
Shutter lag 
cannot do rapid fire pictures, shutter lag, overall price, limited avail of accessories
It broke after 1 month.  Blurred pics are common.
Shutter lag is a little slow and no sound for videos! 
Flash can tend to drown out picture subjects (very strong!)
None
My thumb keeps pushing the battery latch open and buttons are flimsy
Image noise
When not using flash, shutter speed's too slow.
When not using flash, shutter speed's too slow.
Lacks a zoom lens.
It just died with no reason,there are many people this happened to...read why.
flash not so hot, no zoom
battery life when using LCD
no zoom
no zoom
Floppy Disk Adapter is not included in all packages
Would be better if it came w/ AC power source and Zoom upgradeability.
Battery Life, Tends to blur moving subjects
on camera controls are somewhat hard to work
slow downloading pictures to a computer, no optical zoom
Battery Hog
None
LCD screen use drains batteries fast
no optical zoom, sometimes get circles
No menu system- confusing to use
Instruction Book could be easier to use
Heavy use of Viewing screen will eat up batteries.
Small memory cards
Battery guzzling
Computer editing tool is slow
Batter life only so-so. No USB connection
Lacks a zoom
Manual a little confusing
1.3 megapix, no zoom
No zoom, parts of camera are easily breakable
battery drain, Olympus warranty 
Heavy, Poor close range performance.
No zoom, low megapixels
Zoom is less than perfect, feature menu cumbersome, included software not up to snuff
Eats batteries like they are candy!!
Slow to download
Using viewer eats up batteries.
None so far.
Need adapter for fast downloads, no zoom
None!
cost
none that I can think of for this pric
trigger-delay, weight, no zoom
battery life, motion, x2 zoom
LCD screen gets smudgy when you use the view finder, its a battery guzzler.
the basic kit does not come with a carry case
None!
no zoom
Operating Manual could be written clearer, No Physical Zoom
Needed accessories, availability of extras
Power adapter overly expensive
No zoom feature
Be prepared to go through A LOT of batteries
Heavy battery consumption on some features
no zoom
slow download time
Battery Hog, Slow Shutter, Need New Printer
Small multiple use buttons.
The instruction book was hard to understand on formatting new media cards (I thought)
no optical zoom
limited zoom, camera too small and slow
Download Speed
Not as high quality resolution as others
Slow transfer speed; must have a flash indoors
Expensive media, basic features, poor power supply
eats batteries
no optical zoom, only 2x digital zoom
No good for 8x10 prints, no USB connection,  
None
It doesn't do laundery
No zoom
No optical Zoom
No optical zoom, no high speed com port
no zoom, landscape quality, ac adapter extra, no usb
none to date
none
slow serial connection, no optical zoom
Pricey
no optical zoom
battery usage
none
Blurry Action Shots
Eats a lot of batteries
digital zoom switches to lower quality compression.
unable to attach filters or telephoto lenses
no zoom, marginal indoor photo quality
battery eater
Directions for hooking up to computer are vague
no optical zoom, small buttons
None
2 megapixel would be nice
settings, no case
Short battery life when downloading
short battery life, poor image quality, doesn't support a floppy diskette
warranty may not cover you if the camera has ever had impact, even if it didn't cause the pertinent damage
Does not come with AC adaptor, zoom makes images a little fuzzy
No USB connection, eats batteries unless you use NiMH
batteries need to be replaced often
battery life with LCD turned on, lack of real zoom,  battery compartment
uneasy LCD button
can't print higher than a 5x7
takes too long between pictures, doesn't include adapter.
lacks optical zoom
A little big, and a little heavy, could use a little more storage and resolution.
No zoom
sucks power, flash not to good
just the symbols on the buttons
Battery usage and button design
batteries...
None
No USB capabilities
comes out dark
you have to buy alot of batteries
No USB or Optical Zoom
Too many adapters to get used to
I Waited Far To Long To Buy One! Period.
none that we found
Sucks the life out of batteries
need more simplified operating buttons
Not Enough SmartMemory
Battery life
Lacks a Few Nice Features The  360L has
Front slider easily broken
Battery life is pathetic (nothing a few NiMH rechargeables can't handle).
Drains batteries
Only Serial Connection, No Optical Zoom, Bulky
slow data transfer, poor battery usage
Short battery life, no optical zoom, confusing controls.
Battery-drainer
no optical zoom, no USB Interface
None
If you are afraid of hi-tech things, it seems intimidating at first.
Software is slow/hard to use
no USB
Power Usage, Slow Response When Cold
Need tripod for closeups, Slow lens extension/retraction
price a little high, must stand still when taking photos
power features are hard to learn
long download times
Lens retract feature, Alkaline battery life
Battery life
Battrey time short; F-stop not controbable; memory available is limited to 16mg.
Eats batteries.  
When you turn on the camera, you need to push back the lens cover--subsequently the lens pops out.  To shut the camera off, you need to shut the lens cover half -way and the lens should automatically retreat.  This does not always happen smoothly. 
Cheap plastic case, lacks USB port
Limited light handling capabilities.  Poor color fidelity. 
eats AA batteries fast
Not one!
Didnt' come with a carring case
battery life, upload time
no zoom, slight delay after taking pic, should have lithium batteries for best life
Sometime better to use viewfinder
Uploading hassle. &amp;quot;Techy&amp;quot; manual and not so easy to use.
No Optical Zoom, No USB
Eats batteries (unless you have NiMH rechargeable ones)
no ac adapter
No USB, only 1.3 megapixel, low battery life
battery consumption
Using screen eats batteries, manual seemingly written by gorillas
Not a zoom
drains batteries in a hurry, no AC adapter available to purchase separately
Uses the 4 AA batteries up FAST!!, Camera is Heavy
Battery life &amp;amp; Download times
Goes through batteries like mad.
Battery usage
menus, lens extension/retraction time
8mb card is too small; LCD drains batteries quickly
High Battery Usage
Loves those batteries! Buy the Nickel-Metal Hydride Rechargable batteries they last 3 times as long as normal rechargable batteries
Cheezy door that opens to the media card compartment, and you cannot add threaded lenses to this lens for added protection.
Unintuitive controls for detailed settings
Body scratches easily
Cumbersome manual, power consumption with LCD on, didn't include AC adapter, slow response to ready for next shot, not always intuitive menuing
Software conflict with HP scanner for me
battery life, red-eye
Better stock up on a good supply of batteries.
One word- Batteries.
Features take a while to learn&amp;#13;&amp;#10;menu buttons hard to identify
poor battery life and difficult user interface
Slow LCD display
could use more memory capacity
takes a few seconds longer than some other digital cameras to review pictures using the +/- buttons
only 1.3 megapixel
Slow capture after holding down trigger
Take a little getting used to
no USB port
You might miss the old photo albums at first, but you get use to it.
Slow loading pics onto the computer.
a little bulky, flash is not automatic
Easy to forget to flip-up flash, who can understand the button icons?
more expensive to print pictures
Overexposed flash, sometimes arcane pushbuttons and menus.
None
None
Requires software, Short battery life
Goes through Batteries FAST!! 
Users' Manual, limited flash range
Needs carrying case for protection
Gobbles batteries
not ergonomic menus, slow connection with the pc
too small for big hands
Can't  add any other lenses. But most digitals are that way.
No automatic pop up flash
Menu system is a little unclear (you must read the manual, then it is very good)
Goes through batteries kind of fast with the LCD on
battery life less than expected
menu/buttons need to be learned, slow LCD display
cost of accessories, learning curve
hard to find
Higher priced and batteries are consumed rapidly
repairs take months, no usb connectivity, inaccuracy of colors,  cheap plastic frame
On the lower end of resolution
Can break if you throw it out of your car at 50 mph
Zoom is not that great
hard to read instruction manual..... uses batteries very fast
This camera takes some getting used to. The accessories (AC adaptor, disk adaptor, extra smart card disks etc.) are expensive as you have to buy them from 3rd party vendors.
Batteries run out quickly
flash doesn't auto pop-up, minor ergonomic irks
not a blessed thing
printing
i wish you could load with film also.
Button icons are a little non-standard, download to PC is slow without adapters, no save settings feature
doesn't deal well with glare, no depth of field, pictures grainy and/or fuzzy at full resolution- good for web work only
Sliding lens cover  butts retracting lens
Controls could be simpler, could have USB instead of serial
LCD uses up batteries rather quickly
still trying to figure out some of the features
confusing controls
drains batteries quickly
non-intuitive controls, slow serial connection
menu system is a little hard to understand and remember
eats AAs, no AC adapter included
Total zoom gets blurry
Slow download from camera to PC
poor user interface
Who wrote that handbook?
Included Batteries Inappropriate
None yet
Chews through the batteries.  Software could be better.
Slow download, missing features.
a few details that could be improved on
Digital Cameras are still not very Rugged. Take Care
battery consuming, no case
Haven't found one yet
It is too easy to accidentally erase photos.
Short Battery Life; Slow Download
control markings are confusing
Hard on batteries
Red eye from flash, sometimes lose date &amp;amp; quality selection
Slow serial port is a bit old fashioned
photo graininess!, LED screen drains batteries too fast!
I haven't found anything except the lens item mentioned above
Eats batteries,controls could be simpler, and what's up with the lens cover?
Battery life.
not too hot under low light or action shots, must buy separate batteries
Low battery life.  Gotta look at the instruction manual.
No case, alkaline batteries run short
None noticed by this novice
A few upgrades necessary to get maximum performance
batteries are expensive, recommend rechargables, also memory is expensive to upgrade
no a/c adapter with purchase
poor, poor reliability
battery usage
Can get occasional blur, prints are better with SHQ setting, which allows fewer shots.
Low megapixel, Poor picture quality indoors, limited extra features.
Serial Cable has slow transfer speeds
Discontinued model. 
Battery hog, missing ac adapter and charger
Battery Problems; Hard to Find
none that I have found so far
Likes to eat batteries, 8mb card included is too small
Cumbersome to view pictures and download, high blurriness probability.
No USB support
 no usb, supplied smartmedia 8mb not enough, takes a while to open/ get ready
Accessories are a little pricey.
poor battery life when using lcd display, serial port interface is slow
Doesn't come with the extras that you'll really want to have.
None.
Flash Indicator isn't as easily seen as I would like.
battery life, only 1.3 
lens cover interferes with lens when closing, serial interface is slow, slow screen updates
Only 1.3 Mega-pixels, better bundled with key accessories
Could provide better/easier software, have to buy a/c adapter separately.
No USB
Serial uploading can be slower....USB adapter available
Eats batteries - though this largely depends on battery. buy rechargeable with recharger
Software is a little lacking
There is a variance between the optical viewfinder and the digital one. Can get confusing.
BATTERIES........AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!
Batteries, doesn't come with a case
included serial PC connection is slow
Menu operation, Software, Flash design
software difficult, slow to download, flash cover
Limited Zoom Range, Limited Manual Control
Doesn't have USB capabilities, no 110v. power supply
The lens pulls in slow, takes a few seconds to recharge for next picture.
Have to remember to flip the flash up - no big deal
The user menus are not user friendly!  Hard to troubleshoot problems.
Plastic housing could be more solid feeling
no camera case included
Everyone one else wants to play with it!
Menu could be better, uses SmartMedia and a serial interface
Battery Life is about one weeks worth of picture taking
No USB support.. only syrup-slow serial
Control menus can be a minor problem, until you get used to them. 
Plastic construction and goes through batteries quickly.
No USB support.  Short battery life.
Reviewing photos is cumbersome.  No USB connection.
Serial connection for transfering pictures, sometimes pictures are funky.
Feed Me Batteries if you use the LCD
Buy disks, expensive.
None for a novice like me
no movie mode
AC adapter sold separately
Drains batteries too quick!
Drains Batteries
Takes a while to get familiar w/ camera features.  No AC adapter.
Battery doesn't last that long
AC adapter sold separate, battery charger sold separate
No direct USB. No carrying case included.
Will not work with my computer
Slow shutter reaction.  Serial port image transfer. No shutter speed control.
no external flash sync port, % of viewfinder coverage, offset tripod port.
Limited battery life.  (I recommend rechargable batteries)
closing the cover is sometimes tough, and the zoom lens can get in the way
The sliding lens cover can break stuff if you are not careful.
A Little Bulky, Have to Open and Close Shutter Door too Often (to Switch Functions)
Came with 8mb card, no rechargeable batteries, auto ISO in dark situations not good.
battery life, have to flip the flash
Battery conn, Service Bad,no case
Complicated menus for advanced features.
lack of manual settings, no direct USB hookup
Settings not always easy to change.
FRAGILE DESIGN, manual flip up flash, no manual settings
Big, bulky, and heavy.
Have to reset the date every time batteries come out.
A little too bulky, battery hog, poor PC connection.
Serial interface
Awkward turning on and off
hard to find
non
The prices are somewhat high.
SLOW serial connection, small 8mb memory card
sometimes out of focus on moving objects
Problems w/software, Movies Don't have sounds, Lack of Usb Connectivity, Minor Problems!!
Must remember to pop up flash!
not computer friendly enough; no included AC adaptor; no included USB interface
none compared to other digicams
No USB out-of-the-box, bulky weight, eats batteries
Manual flash, location of screen on back.
No USB, Lens cover is troublesome
Manually flip of the flash, no cover. No USB-serial only.
USB only available via promotional offer. Plastic casing...
Moderate battery life, no USB connection
No USB connection for picture transfer to computer
short battery life; usb did not come with the camera
No USB download capability.  Need USB SmartMedia reader.
Serial only, 8MB smart media card is too small, must be careful closing the lens cover
no USB
can't get photos downloaded/developed
Not enough memory
Lack of USB and SOUND...only a gripe for the uninitiated or totally anal
Battery hog, missing ac adapter and charger
8 MB Card not enough.
8 mb Smartmedia card too small
Cost, flash, lens cover
none
Serial connection too slow, included memory too small
none
Flip up flash and lens cover
Lens cover tricky to close, need to buy accessories
no usb included
cost of Olympus branded AC adapter
Best photo quality takes a little time to get off camera.
No USB
Small memory card and no USB connectivity
It needs to come with an Ac adapter and rechargeable batteries
No USB connection (but take advantage of the free USB card reader coupon)
Haven't discovered any as of yet
Manual pop up flash, camera seems fragile
Manual (although lengthy) misses some important facts; Software is just OK.
Could be smaller, some usage problems.
You have to manually pop the flash up
none
Complicated menus, semi-expensive accessories.
Several things.
many helpful (but not necessary) accessories not included
Ships with 8mb SM card, No Case, No lens attachments.
Manual flash
REALLY should have come with a 16MB card (or better)
You have to manually open the flash
Bait and Switch Strategies by CAMERA ZONE, CAMERA SOUND, COMPDIRECT and DISCOVERY CAMERA
smart card is only 8 mb. 3 1'2 adopter card is an expensive add on
A bit heavy and cumbersome, flash is manual
Only 8 mb Smart media card included
Support stinks.
Hard to focus with low light, uses up batteries quickly
short battery life
Very  Hard to Use 
Very poor performance in low light 
3X Zoom is weak and SmartMedia cards are VERY fragile, eats batteries
battery consumption, auto-focus system
no pc jack, no manual focus or focusing screen, loves batteries 
hard on batteries
Extra Batteries on hand?  Good!
A little more difficult to use
Need rapid shot capability. some photo opportunities missed because you need to wait for photo to be stored on Flash Disk before another photo can be taken
not discounted much -- shop around!
Display screen, speed taking pictures, Olympus Web site.
Costs extra to save onto computer
poor quality
harder to use
Battery usage
finicky file downloads
Shutter delay, slow recovery time, dark flash photos in viewfinder
have to install software on your computer to retrieve images
Poor interface, poor repairs
The strap is difficult to attach
Could be a little easier to use, lens cap keeps falling off!!
Auto Focus
Finicky in low-light situations, download software difficult to use
Battery-life. Parallel port connection
Auto focus sometimes gets confused
memory limited, slow, poor low-light performance
batteries die quickly, need AC adapter for best results..
Big and Bulky, Pricey
shutter lag, poor focusing, small media capacity
Not good with low light situations.
Messed up shutter speed, no big memory supported, and it costs an arm and a leg for only 1.5MPs
Hard to get focus in low light
Eats batteries like a big dog, glitchy
no manual focus; 32Mb limit; hard to auto-focus in lowlight conditions
battery life and some controls
- Image colours slightly pale
Limited under low-light conditions.
Smart Media Card, not enough manual functions
The photograph is manipulated mainly after the picture is taken, and not during.
Customer leaves a lot to be desired, the thing is huge, a lot of things do not work a lot of the time.
Serial downloads very slow, short alkaline battery life, manual focus system inadequate.
a bit bulky, but worth it for the features
Does not resemble a 35mm camera
Blue Sky Seems Green, Slow Time Between Shots.
Heavy, Big
A little bulky and $$$$.
battery life short, camera easily scratched
Price, lack of viewfinder, screen is not &amp;quot;sturdy&amp;quot;
poor color depth
$$$
Inadequate flash; Slow recovery between pics; Retail is too expensive (though there are deals out there)
zoom, minor issues with many features
Slow to write to disk, too expensive for beginners
Large, Somewhat Heavy
Vulnerable LCD 
No Negative rating
a little large, but i think thats it for cons
LOOOOOOOOONG download time.  Very poor color and grainy.  
Cheaply made, poor quality, serious design flaws which render it unusable.
Everything else.
a little heavy and bulky, but so are most travel systems
Must use car seat base 
heavy, handle can be awkward
cannot use without base, handle is awkward, 2 recalls within 1 year, expensive
Takes a bit of practice to get it unfolded
Pricy if you're not a shopper, Bigwheels,
The car base is extra big to put in the middle seat of our volvo.
price, a bit bulky(takes up all of the back of my expedition)
everything else
Everything else
large, heavy and expensive
Expensive, large!
Wheels could be bigger, or air.
Must have large car to fit this stroller. 
hard to fold, takes up a lot of room
Although costly, it maintains its value
Local product (and accessory) availability.  Somewhat lofty price tag.
Cost
can't think of one to be honest with you.
expensive
makes me look girlie
no basket (you need to get one yourself), does not collapse all the way
Cost, bulk, shallow basket, low canopies
Expensive?
High price, hard to travel with.
Worth it for those who don't cart baby around all day in a car seat
basket is too small
Heavy, big, not good for mall use
HEAVY, QUIRKY, CUMBERSOME
Heavy, enormous, and nearly impossible to steer on uneven terrain.
Price, weight
expensive, wheels aren't great outside, other components have broken
heavy, cup holder doesn't stay on well
basket storage limited
fabric has faded, wheels squeak, doesn't go over bumps very easily
bulky and hard to handle when closed
A bit heavy
Not ideal for travel...probably isn't meant to be
price
expensive, large size can make in hard to move
very large in trunk, not really for neighborhood walks
My broke after only a few months
It is hard to fold.
Expensive for something that's outgrown after 1 year
expensive, breaks down, wheels get stuck
I kick footrest when baby is in rear-facing position and toddler 'perch' is not safe
Expensive, heavy, doesn't steer well, harness gets stuck,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;wheels too small, it's a tank
Very heavy and takes up too much room
price
Difficult storage area, large size
bulky when folded, hard to push with one hand
Not convenient or well-designed enough for it's expensive pricetag
Not useful after the first few months
Handle Height Not Adjustable
Very Expensive, a little large, basket access difficult
Basket could be a big bigger, weight
Material is not easy to remove, carriage is on the heavy side, and you need two hands to fold it up.
too expensive, easily breakable, strap problems
basket could be bigger
n/a
size, ease of use, basket size, durability
Price
heavy, expensive
Expensive
price
difficult to push if you are too tall
Initial investment
&amp;quot;ocean liner&amp;quot; proportions, inaccessible basket
cost, weight
Large, heavy, expensive
seatbelt is not the greatest, heavy to load
Higher priced
cost
very heavy to carry
It falls apart way before you are done needing it!
A little heavy; no cup holders
heavy, wide, expensive
price (!!!!!), very large and heavy
difficult to maneuver
heavy, too big
plastic parts
High in price
Tiny little canopy.
It is very expensive!
basket
Heavy, expensive, "ocean liner"
none
bulky, hard to push, expensive
Hard to get stuff in and out of bottom basket.  Price.
none that I can think of!
Little tricky to fold , Extra for basket, No storage on canopy, Cup holder
Price, basket
Hard to break down and somewhat heavy.
Could be lighter
Small basket
Tricky to learn how to fold. Small adult cup holder. Flimsy basket.
Price, not easy to steer one handed.
must purchase basket; requires some practice to open quickly; feels flimsy at times
Lack of storage space
Higher priced, smallish basket
Is pricey, bottom basket is an additional charge.
Handlebars seem rickety; a bit heavy to be used for travel
Price, storage, car base difficult to install.
Doesn't maneuver well.  Gets stuck open or closed.   Price.
A bit challengin to learn to fold up. Could be a two-handed operation.
Peg Perego no longer makes converter bars for use with other infant car seats
No easy access to basket when kid is seated, doesn't close one-handed.
does not include a basket
Price
No storage, not good in the snow, tricky to fold
small, wimpy, hard to reach basket!
a little hard to open/close
Basket not included
no basket, PRICE!!
basket SUCKS!, wide wheel base, wheels worn down.
look
confusing, missing basket and cup holder
Doesn't come with basket (sold separately) 
May want something lighter
a little heavy &amp;amp; need 2 hands to steer
hard to lock into place, can be a rough ride, price
Not quite light-weight as claimed
Expensive
Not as comfy for newborns
difficult to open &amp;amp; close
none
plastic seat-back, heavier than most umbrella strollers
price and small basket
Pricey.
must purchase basket and full hood separately! no cup holder, locks broke
Tricky to fold and latch, cost
Folding can be tricky, not great for taller child.
Doesn't corner well, no basket.
heavy! difficult to open and close
Difficult to close with basket attached. Not very good in securing child. 
cost
Hard to master how to unlock and fold.  Not good for newborns.
a bit pricey
price, short canopy, handles
Pricey
Basket is flimsy, price, envious looks from others might give you a guilt complex.
Only the basket which is flimsy, doesn't hold a lot, and is hard to access.
Difficult to access basket, small inconvenient viewing window, pricey
No universal baby seat bar so you have to use their inferior seat.
Umbrella handles instead of a middle bar across&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Small storage basket
price, closing is hard until you get the hang of it
Storage basket is flimsy.
Rides better with larger child in the rear seat.
Tiny basket. Seatbelts could be better designed.
Expensive, Awkward to fold, hard to turn, very small basket
expensive, no "view" from back seat, hard to handle on curbs
Price may sway some but long term value is worth it.
will not stay closed, extra work needed to position (optional) car seat for newborns
but it's really hard to steer and very heavy
no cup holder, ridiculously small cargo baskets, soooo expensive, short shades
expensive
Hard to wash covering
small basket
Difficult to push and turn
warranty not very long
heavy and costly
Small storage basket, no built in cup holders.
price
Small basket, No cup holder.
Basket too small
none
Price.
Doesn't stay shut when folded - tends to pop open spontaneously.
size, price
expensive, not that roomy for back rider
small basket, hard to manuveur, didn't always lock in place
small basket
weight of stroller, small basket
front seat does not recline, expensive
expensive, poor customer service, not the best for twins
lack of maneuverability, small basket
cost
price, size of basket
big stroller
Horribly small storage basket
none
Can be tough to turn, Front seat doesn't recline all the way, High seats make it difficult for the child in the back to see has to look around
small storage space.
Cost (though worth every penny to me), ...my mother never *did* figure out how to fold it.  It's not difficult  in general, but it's a three-step process.
hoods keep falling off.
Somewhat expensive even if you can find it on sale, ridiculously expensive if you can't
small basket
Basket is a little small
Cost initially and replacements parts, if needed are a little difficult to use if your not a little handy with some tools.
Size
everything
price can be high
Small storage basket and price
non-durable, rough, clumsy
Very expensive w/hardly any storage space.
hard to push, turn, small seating, small basket...
expensive, itty-bitty basket
Wish it had a one hand release fold, does not fold to compact size
price
A little heavy
not good for travel, small basket
bulky when folded, kind of heavy
Basket can be hard to get at when the seat is fully reclined.  Hefty price.
On the heavy side. undercarriage basket too small.
A little big to push through narrow aisles
Hard to get at, storage basket.
17 lbs, high price tag ($300), takes up whole trunk in our mid-size car.
Pricey. 
fasteners get stuck when closed, no cup holder, basket hard to get into.
This stroller is a bit bulky when folded, and does not let infant seat attach.
Useless on uneven pavement.  Poor quality.
steering
Expensive
N/A
takes up most of your trunk
Small basket
not yet......
it is heavy
no return policy, wont last more than one child
Shade canopy, basket access when reclined
Expensive
the basket is a little small
a bit expensive, but well worth it
not well-designed for taller people, locking latch is difficult, instructions, not good in rough terrain, price
None
wiggly frame, hard to turn
Handle could be longer
tough to find non-offensive fabric, hard to fold
EVERYTHING
Awkward storage basket
Not good for uneven surfaces
doesnt protect 100% from sun
Heavy, not built for turbulence.....
Basket is too small and inconvenient
Very weak
Wish the boot was a bit more versatile like the Milano 
Slow to start up.
none found yet
Not all that intuitive. Autofocus sometimes doesn't. Lo-res video.
None, except, maybe, price.
None that I've found yet.
Lens protection a bit flimsy
None yet found.
It only comes with a 16MB SD card; only stores 11 pictures on default setting.
Battery door feels flimsy.
small toggle switch easy to activate wrong function
Wrist strap is too large for camera. Soft pouch is tight. NONE YET
'on/off' button might be confused with shutter release button, battery compartment hinge seems flimsy
Expensive, images not quite as sharp as high end 3MP camera, control joystick.
expensive, power button confused with exposure button
Battery life
none yet
How battery is charged and location of shutter and on/off buttons
Soft images, poor shot to shot times, short battery life, 
Shot to shot time; initially awkward controls
Small buttons take some getting used to, no case included
poor quality battery and memory card cover. Zoom picture of poor quality
Just OK picture quality - nothing to write home about
Underpowered flash. Must remove battery to charge it. Occasional auto-focus problems.
There are other cameras with better performance in regard to image quality, battery life, etc.
Subject must be absolutely still.  No flash.
Poor photo quality
Doesn't work, poor resolution, fuzzy pictures, you name it.
Poor picture quality. No flash. Low aperture. No Zoom...and more.
Low Resolution - Twain Driver Sucks for slower Computers
HIDEOUS picture quality, no flash, small memory capacity (18-24 pictures), slow downloads to computer
Very Poor picture quality.  Dont buy one!
Only holds 18 exposures, pictures can sometimes be grainy, no flash.
Cheap
I paid money for it!
poor print quality
I CAN'T SEE ANY AT ALL!
no flash, lighting crucial to good photos.  movement blurs completely
No flash, small movement can ruin a picture.
Don't consider this for high-quality printable images.
battery operated, battery security flap pops open randomly. no flash
No flash, small memory, and variable picture quality
Poor resolution, only stores 15 photos, EATS BATTERIES
Inexpensive  :o)
clarity, ease of use, and low cash value.  Skip it if possible.
No zoom, eats batteries.
Takes really lousy pictures, quick battery drain, 
drains the batteries pretty quick
Work arounds required for software use.  Photo quality is less than stellar.
bad battery life, not so good resolution. 
Will not work with Windows XP
No Zoom, only holds 15 pictures, not the best resolution, battery drain, 
Very poor focus, compression of JPG, no data card, bad design of battery cover
Slow serial download, lens needed re-focusing, 
Not as clear of a picture as a more expensive camera would take. 
No where near the quality of other digital cameras
0.31 Megapixel, no macro focus
Utterly Losuy pictures in extreme.
large size, short battery life.
slow to save image, Polaroid
Very dim LCD, hard-to-use top control, bulky
buggy, inconsistent performance
Battery life
Reliability, large size, bad LCD, slow
poor flash performance, inconsistent results, especially in difficult lighting conditions
Poor display in cold weather
Large, mediocre viewfinder
possibly the large size, the model has been disconinued
Support and parts are difficult.
Delete function , photo quality not great
Drains batteries quickly
Poor  Photos
Low Resolution
15 image memory, 640x480 resolution, basic software package
Price
Switch needed to be replaced.
Ease of use and battery usage
No instruction booklet for software-Photomax.  Better to use as a plug in to electricity as uses up batteries very quickly.
Software booklet unavailable and help is very limited, not a good choice for professionals, photo graininess enhancement limited.
could'nt find one
complicated
resolution, loading time, battery life
Can't think of any
Expensive
batteries don't last long, (but that's normal)
none at this time
The only bad thing that we have found about this camera is that is uses battery life rather quickly.
poor picture quality, cheesy software
HAD TO BE FIXED
Bright flash, not a lot of memory and short battery.
Pics aren't as sharp
Extremely poor quality pics.
Cheap
No zoom and if you plan to print these out they will be grainy. 
Limited uploading capability with different browsers.
goes thru batteries like crazy, battery door is weak
No, I mean it, really cheap inferior camera 
It has few options like zoom.
No zoom, shutter release in an awkward place.
Slow warming up &amp; between pictures.
Uses a serial port connection to transfer pictures instead of faster USB
wait time between pictures, requires batteries
Limited options, flimsy battery door, eats batteries
Terrible battery life.  Poor support.
No zoom, cant get it to download after about 6 months, pic screen defunct
&lt;i&gt;Polaroid&lt;/i&gt; no longer manufactures digital cameras.
not compatible w/ WindowsNT, takes forever to warm up between snapshots, eats batteries, no zoom
Battery life, picture quality, size, weight, only 2MB memory card, no zoom, software, discontinued
resolution only goes up to 640x480, only handles 8mg smartmedia cards
Uses a lot of battery power, Not very durable
Poor display picture quality
Everything except for the wrist strap...
No zoom.  No creative options.
Would have been nice to have a floppy adapter or USB connectivity.
could be sold w/ high memory chip, but no biggie
It will leave you wanting for a better resolution
battery usage 
Short battery life, LED almost useless outdoors
Exhaust batteries too fast, time to reset for next shot, will let you take shots without enough light and not tell you
goes through batteries quickly and electrical cord could be longer
none
Annoying green light in Viewer window.
have trouble with the PC cable making good contact
Best for first time digital photographers.  
Battery sucker, not very shock resistant.
no USB
No zoom feature
Drains batteries quickly
nothing!
poor battery life; image quality is average
12
none
Bad Flash
usb connection needed
NO ZOOM?
none
no auto focus, LCD display and controls awkward to use
battery-life
drains batteries, 'shutter' button seems placed wrong
somewhat lengthy downloading time, constant battery replacement...
For complete ease of use you may want the optional SmartDisk memory adapter.
much cheaper product than should be sold.  Should have been labeled 'alpha' or 'beta' at least
SOFTWARE
Needs a software upgrade...soon
none at the moment
none yet
Manual needs some improvement.
eats AA batteries like crazy
none
the green ready light is in my eye
drains batteries, pictures can get &amp;quot;lost&amp;quot; on the hard drive using the software that came with
only 2 meg flash card, eats batteries
No zoom and software problems
Hard to use software, inaccurate optical viewfinder
lack of resolution in enlargements
Battery life
camera color fades
only 12 pictures when using high quality
Reliability
constant battery user
Pictures not as clear as I have seen from other cameras.
Picture quality
Excellent for sending pictures of the family to other family members around the country.  And it enables you to do so in a matter of minutes, from the time you snap your picture to the time you email it out.
Honestly have not encountered any
can't find any cons
No Macintosh connection.
When transferring pictures from the Polaroid program to another program, pictures turn out with white blotches.  I learned to just download directly from the camera into each program, the results are better!
Problems with direct hookup to computer
So-so software, low resolution
no zoom
costs more than reg. camera
green light in view finder
non
No zoom
Memory card is small
battery life is short
Indoors pictures not always the best.
No zoom feature
No auto-focus, no zoom, only 3 focus settings, sucks up batteries.
Had a hard time in figuring out how to use self-timer.
too many confusing buttons
weird flash, bad with distance
PhotoMax software may have problems
batteries don't last too long
lack of options
memory card instead of floppy disk storage
None found  yet!
8mb max memory, tech support
None
We never use our 35 mm anymore.
None
Goes through batteries like nothing I have ever seen and the software could be a bit more user friendly.
no zoom, small memory card
eats batteries
uses batteries fast but can be fixed by using power adapter and extension cord.
battery eater, hooky program
Costly prints, Battery eater
not good for indoor pics, no zoom or lense adjustments
poor quality photos, minimum pictures
Images are occasionally of questionable quality
kills batteries very fast
Delayed reaction on button
none
Hard on batteries
None yet
No zoom.
Not enough pixels to use for printed out pictures
No disc to download on and goes through batteries fast.
Not true photo quality
none
none
None
no floppy flash disk
You will need something better eventually
Loves to eat those batteries.
finding batteries that last!
uses 2 AA batteries, 640X480 resolution, the largest memory card you can use in it is a 8 meg 
limited storage
none
none
Needs a better instruction manual, but remedies this with online support
Impossible to hook up to a computer
not megapixel, can eat batteries, must reset clock when changing batteries
It's not a Mavica but for the price it's good enough
?
poor quality in low light
The Birdie:)
not too high image quality
Learning how to use it
the quality of the pictures when printed
careful not to plug in while software is running
eats batteries
May cost a littl bit of money, or be hard to use at first.
none
Have not found any.
low battery life, no floppy disk use
No zoom, no autofocus, floppy adapter doesn't work with Mac or Windows NT
Not for the Computer illiterate
--
A little slow on start up
Poor Battery Life
This is probably best for home-use as there is nothing you can do if you fill up the quota (12-96 exposures depending on quality) of pictures...unless you buy another memory card.
low quality, grainy, dark pictures
Pictures may be on the grainy side if you plan to print them out, due to pixel resolution ~ may want to spend more to get the maxi-pixel sharpness of photos printed out; may grow out of this one and want to buy a more expensive one; limited features
None yet...
remember it's lightweight
&lt;i&gt;Feels&lt;/i&gt; cheap, voracious battery eater! Needs time to "warm up".  Greenish pictures in dark settings.
photo quality average (when photo blown up)
None
Battery hog, flash not always sufficient
none
only can take 12 pictures in super hi-quality mode
Drains Batteries/Low Flash
none
LCD screen drains batteries
Problems just aren't worth it.
fixed lens
eats batteries like all other digital cameras
easy to use
difficult to get flash perfect, resolution slightly obsolite
no zoom or extra features
no adjustments for quality
Not the highest quality you would expect.
no usb 
uses batteries up quickly
Lack of zoom capability
Nothing........
Software
drains batteries
uses a lot of batteries
have to plug into the computer to view photos
None
Bad Software
no zoom, low resolution
I have found none, so far
Max picture size = 640 x 480
Battery Drainer extreme, LCD wont work all the time.
Pictures not super quality.  Image screen a little slow
Eats batteries like it has camera ringworm, heavy in weight
see review
poor image quality; poor battery life; no zoom
battery eater, limited capability
Lower picture quality than the more expensive cameras
Requires some effort to upload photos to hard drive.
Close ups get a little blurry.
pictures have low resolution and it uses alot of batteries
LCD screen destroys batteries. Slow picture transfer to computer by means of serial port.
Poor for close-up shots
No zoom, slow upload time, poor picture quality in less than bright natural lighting conditions.
Battery life
No zoom features and LCD screen is hard to see in bright light.
Buy Rechargeables. Software Sucks use Microsoft Picture it instead!!
Goes thru batteries like a hot knife thru butter. Grainy pics of far objects.
loses user settings when powered off.
fragile, no zoom and consumes a lot of battery.
Eats Batteries(4 at a time),Mediocre Picture Quality, Bulky, Hard To Hold 
No zoom, no extra lenses available
The Polaroid PDC 700 is a real battery sapper. No zoom lens. 
Battery guzzler, Does not save settings, slow download
Takes 4AA batteries, is larger and weighs more then the avg. digital camera
Battery hog
no good directions in the box
not enough instructions
batteries run down fast
Consumes batteries like an orbiting satellite... I'm sure.
A real battery hawg!!!!!!!
No zoom, eats up standard batteries, LCD hard to see outside.
Short battery life.  I mean really short.
Eats batteries like you would not believe.
Batteries,PhotoMax software glitches,limited digital enhancements for retouching of photos
quality of the picture, size
Misleading advertising indicates compatability with NT; can be done but requires some expertise to do so.  Documentation is sparse and challenging to find in-depth answers.
battery life
Battery Hog
drains batteries quickly, limited alternate power supplies
Grainy exposures unless in &amp;quot;super fine&amp;quot;mode &amp;quot;12 shots available without memory card/ Runs down batteries quickly when screen and flash is used often
battery use, no zoom
no zoom
Battery usage
You have to have a good printer to get good pictures
Average quality - display is poor
The case is bit tight at first but will stretch with use.
No zoom lens
none at the moment
Batteries run out fast, uploading slow
Uses a lot of batteries
view finder doesn't always come on
does not have zoom lense
Batteries don't last too long
Eats batteries. No zoom
sucks the battery juice, no zoom
bad for night photos; LCD hard to see with daylight glare; 
Shape, Size, Weight... Nothing major just little things that takes getting used to.
eats batteries; 
none
Little Support,short battery life, no support for Win2000
Batteries don't last as long as would like
No zoom, short battery life
Unintuitive menu icons
Newer cameras have past this one bye (sorry Polaroid) :(
battery life, picture quality
shorter battery life than id like 
Not very good life support
hard on batteries, no real owners manual
Long wait between taking pictures, bad coloring, takes long to download pics
lousy battery life, confusing LCD controls
VERY bad battery life
Modest storage, no USB cable included, have to download detailed manual
Battery Usage
Terribly short battery life, no detailed owner's manual, tiny carrying pouch.
It eats batteries up fast 
Eats BATTERIES
They use UPS for shipping.
Didn't we just buy 12 AA batteries last week????
Low res LCD, Battery hungry, Long Boot up
Haven't found anything I don't like
don't have serial port, download hassle
No hard copy of the instruction manual included with camera.
Short battery-life, slow transfers to PC, does not remember settings
high battery drain
Accessories needed to operate well
No zoom, rough on batteries.
batteries are expensive
Batteries work for about 5 minutes, No zoom
Short battery life, no zoom 
Lousy photo programs
Eats batteries, no zoom, poor resolution, slow uploads
Uses batteries quick, takes a while to save pics.
No zoom, my nose sometimes presses menu button
Only so-so image quality at best.
Low-Battery Life, And Fairly Good Pics. Hard To Hook up with mac
Breaks when dropped on ceramic tiles
No zoom, fixed focus, low battery life
Not the best quality photos
No Viewing screen on the camera
Only 2MBs but that works for me might not for you.
Not Support on Windows 2000
No audible click when snapping the picture, instructions not that easy to understand
quality of distant images, no LCD image preview
It doesn't have a LCD screen in the back for instant viewing
Very basic features
not super quality photos.  not for professional use.
fair quality, Limited # of Pictures before download
Picture quality, no fill flash setting
Can't look at the pics till after you put them on your computer.  
Not have a memory card to replace.
bad pic quality, flash is too bright, pictures are blurry quite often
Can blur, grainy looking pictures
Limited capacity and no LCD for preview
The ' EV ' display and instructions too technical for what you get.
fixed lens, no lcd viewer 
It doesn't work
Somewhat unreliable picture quality
non-removal 2MB flash card
It lacks the resolution in picture quality of some other well known brands.
No Zoom, Bad picture quality, not good for taking pictures of memories
No removable flash card.
you can't zoom, poor quality pics, friend's with better cameras laugh at you
Good Pictures
I have yet to find and cons
none
Eats batteries if you use LCD display.
Short battery life, most user settings are not saved when the camera is turned off
Software suite, serial connection vs. USB
Wow what a rip off
Its a bit costly
n/a
power cord comes loose sometimes
DRAINS BATTERIES
A bit pricey, eats batteries for breakfast
Disappointing picture quality, probably due to an inadequate flash.
pictures blury if blowing up 12X zoom
Plagued With Problems, Poor Picture Quality, Less Then Average Battery Life&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Largish body, small LCD panel.
5 mnths old and manufacter will not honor 1 yr warrenty.
Quality is horrible
everything 
poor quality 
everything else
Long shutter delay., Weak plastic
no internal memory, not impressed with included software.
Not very many options
Poor quality
Battery door latches break. 
Camera is unacceptable, breaks easily -A NIGHTMARE. Company horrible to work with. 
JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK (is that 15 words??)
Flash too bright. Bad quality, blurry pictures. Slow download (takes up battery life). 
Poor Software, Low Memory, Low Battery Life, Camera only detected on COM1
Quality is so-so, limited memory
Cheap faulty camera
Eats batteries. Memory could be bigger.
Flash, Pictures, Software, Drivers
Poor battery life.  Nonstandard battery  Low picture memory.  Low Quality pictures.
Cheapest made without accessories needed to enjoy
software is slow and time consuming
Bad software, problems with resolution
No focus or flash control.  No AC adapter.
Lacks Many Features
battery doesn't last long at all
Can't view Pictures as you take them
No zoom, no lens cover (might scratch)
Chews batteries which are high dollar,poor picture quality,no flash control 
eats batteries, requires COM1 to download pictures cleanly, doesn't work well with WinNT
Needs a on &amp;amp; off switch for flash
moderate quality resolution
pic quality and eats batteries
Not good for close up or business work
I can't think of any.
uses a lot of batteries, small memory
Low memory
more expensive than a cheap 35mm
no zoom
Low quality pictures, need outside software to get good results.
Bad flash, Small Memory, Avg. Quality
software
Chip Failures
terrible for close ups!
very low pixels,high battery usage
640x480 is the highest resolution and 320x240 resolution is USELESS
But it uses the battery!
various
Everything else
must have better software then  supplied
Needs batteries alot!
Lacks many newer features
Tempermental with AC adapter, picky about lighting conditions
Really need to buy the ac adapter.
Subpar picture quality but then again, you get what you pay for
Battery usage
heavy battery consumption
battery consumption
wish it operated more like a point and shoot camera
Bad lens...
none that I've found
Pictures could be clearer.
drains battery quite fast
battery life doesn't last past a couple hours
Eats batteries alive, Don't like opening top
takes some experimenting with features
Short battery life
-the seconds it takes from when you press the button to take the picture, and the picture is actually taken
battery life, error messages
Wish the price were lower
cannot control f-stop or shutter speed
no view finder and battery life span.
Short life/Short standard warranty
Are there any?  A few minor grips, but nothing to dissuade someone from purchasing.
Questionable quality control.  Poorly designed power usage.
Needs extra memory for hi res photos
A little on the high side
See review
Not as versatile as and SLR for artistic shots
Color rendering problems (?)
slow in taking a picture
Eats batteries, can have trouble focusing
Not for Alkalines.
I honestly don't feel like there are any!
Needs a "firmware" update from manufacturer before it will interface with Mac. 
No manual focus with super macro, Horrible battery life using lcd screen
For the price of the product, none.  
Poor quality Macro shots, batteries drain very quickly
Slow transmition from camera to pc. Low batery life (use rechargabes)
battery life, exposure
None
Picture Quality, Price
Take long time to process between picture
No zoom, No LCD, Not TTL (through the lens)
Poor image quality.  Flash too strong at short range then drops off quickly.
NO MS-DOS mode printing support!  No USB or Parallel cable included.
Not expandable
No color or photo printing.
No color.
None in my epinion.
Integrated toner and drum cartridge
none so far
Unacceptable quality for colored text, buggy software installation
some toner flaking if you print on the backside, no postscript support
Somewhat long warm-up time on first page
Occasional black streaks (1 page in 50); case and connectors are flimsy.
30 second warmup from sleep mode
Slow warmup
doesn't ship with printer cables, have to print the manual yourself, demo button
Vertical paper tray causes paper to slip(update-This is fixed), No other complaints
no Jaguar drivers, can take a few seconds to warm up, terrible support website
Duplexing issues. Slow PostScript printing.
No color printing.
It's not color???  Haven't really found a con yet.
Double sided printing gets a bit dirty with toner. 8mb memory is not expandable. 
No color printing.
Haven't printed any envelopes yet, Toner in the future may be an issue
No colour
borken less than 6 weeks
Hasn't found yet.
lack of genuine PCL langauge support but Samsung printer language seems to be good enough.
Slow spool-up time (not an issue for me), Somewhat noisy
Not nearly the efficiency of much more expensive laser printers.  Again, consider overall value.
alittle slow start up time and might be alittle louder than average.
Fixed 8MB RAM, 45 Sec Warmup for First Page, Paper Jams Messy, 150 page tray
only 6 months, blown fuser 
Envelopes must be "snug" with track to print, 
about as noisy as anyother laser printer
*Reprint button could be security risk *Immature OS X drivers, not on CD *Not upgradable
Printing envelopes is a bit tricky and  no double-sided printing feature.
If you need the PostScript option, that may place the printer on the pricey side.
Not a HP
None
Didn't come with a printer cable.
Takes up a fair amount of desk real-estate!
Instruction manual must be downloaded from the web (PDF).
Manual duplexing, size
Honestly I like everything.
Finding toner cartridges
Integrated toner and drum cartridge
Not for iMACs
No USB support, initial toner drum isn't full
Toner cartridges are expensive
A little slow, but for $119 who cares?
No USB connection, no output paper tray.
only black and white, fairly big
Low capacity toner cartridge with unit.
No bells or whistles.
none yet
no USB
Can hardly see LCD outside. Zoom is digital, so useless outside. AD/DC Adapter is expensive.
Unknown brand
The SiPix Support seem to take offense 
Slow processor, software is erratic and locks up on download,  exposure control difficult.
Big, battery guzzler
Short battery life, prone to being accidentally turned on, non-flash pictures are blurry.
Battery drain (use rechargeables), memory card died less than 1yr.
slow to recharge flash, battery life, hard to see LCD outside, turns itself on sometimes
To date, I have been unable to get the  software to work.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
at this price/size?  You're kidding!
No Flash, Poor Low Light Quality
Pictures are not that great in low light
Blurry pictures if you aren't very still, no flash, lose power and pics are gone
Must be held totally still, Won't take a photo in low light.
Picture quality isn't great
Blurry pictures, battery dies ---&gt; picture lost,  
no memory, camera shake
Poor battery life, picture quality, software. List goes on.
No Flash, Limited use in the dark. 
-No flash, -Cheap Software, -Poor Construction, -Poor Picture Quality, -Doesn't work with my computer, 
BAD picture quality, poor software.
Fuzzy pics and need to hold cam very still. 
cheap doesn't matter when you can't get any PICTURES out of it.
for $35?  none
Limited use in dark conditions. No memory expansion.
No Flash, No Picture Preview screen, Pictures are stored in RAM
Dumps your photos.  Poor battery life.
No flash, slight lens aberration on the edges
Need More Light
Perfect ligting or no picture, software hangs in XP, wrong website URL on packaging.
Bulky. Only 1.5 megapixel. Flash stinks. Known focus problems. Learning curve.
Flash relatively useless,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Slow focusing,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;1.5 megapixel outdated.
Wish more user information was in the manual.
Wish more user information was in the manual.
Lack of interchangeable lenses.
Price, Bulky
Card Reader
Auto-focus could be better
NOT the highest resolution, but megapxels are highly overrated! Picture Gear Software
Poor low-light focusing.  Body too small for larger hands.  Flimsey feeling battery door.
pricey
No viewfinder, charging battery little hectic, odd shape for carrying
Cost
handling takes "getting used to," 8 megabyte memory stick is a "turn-off"
-
LCD is in a bad place, I touch it with my thumb every now and then
cracks in housing, out of focus closeups
technology and media all proprietary, expensive
packaged with 8MB MemoryStick and no carrying case!
Auto focus in low light and flash isn't great when using the zoom.  Typical with most auto-focus cameras.
No viewfinder, poor battery with no way to improve, not enough memory included, too bulky.
Not the best for shooting shots back to back. Comes with little memory and no case..
not a true 3.3 megapixel cam
no viewfinder and pricey extras
USB incompatibility
battery life, costly product
limited manual mode flexibility.
none
Battery Life, Supplied Memory
nothing
No neck strap,only 8mb memory stick
Short battery life, lack of optical view finder
Battery Power, Lack of Compression Choice/New Features, and 2.6 Megapixels.
flash too bright, no case, 8mb stick included, expensive
Expensive.  Battery life not too long.
Sometimes you'll miss having a viewfinder.
Limited movie capture mode.
hard to see screen in bright sunlight, some what slow on large file shots
Proprietary Memory Stick Media is EXPENSIVE, serial cable sux, 15 sec movie limit
expensive, no carrying case
Small lens, limited manual settings
expensive, complicated menu functions
A bit too similar to the DSC-F1
No zoom, need to buy larger memory stick
Short Battery life
not much zoom capability, serial uplink 
low memory, no dedicated control panel LCD, LCD unprotected, normal batteries dont work (needs lithium ion)
no carry case, 
you need bateries
lcd zoom quality poor, Proprietary memory
limited memory stick comes w/ camera
small zooming ability
Battery life is low and provided memory is not sufficient.
expensive
No built in zoom
long booting time, flash too bright
not cheap
no support from sony
Downloading memory stick a little slow.
No USB support, no optical zoom, no non-compressed file format
LCD hard to use in low light , Serial cable slow, No optical Zoom
The serial Link is slow. The packaged software is particular. 
Serial rather than USB connection
PictureLite3.2.  Serial cable download speed.
Size, digital viewfinder, Only comes with a 16MB memory stick.
bad lens distortion (wide angle macros), Maximum size of Memory Stick only 128 MB
Price, only memory stick and blue flash syndrome
Expensive
Expensive
Price, and memory cost
Expensive!  Slow capturing time (but perhaps with remedy).
Poor white balance. LCD blanks out with manual settings. 
Ship with 16Mb MS. Long delay when red-eye reduction turned on
Uses only Sony's MemorySticks for it's memory, only comes w/ 16megs memory.
Largest memory stick is 128MB.  Do not come with a case.  Lots of accessories.
Comes with a too small memory stick.
Still getting used to weight distribution.  Maybe not a camera for simple vacation photo-takers.
Only 16 MB of memory.  What were they thinking?
Only 16Mb Memory Stick supplied
Horrible warranty service plus nightmare of USB interface.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
EVF, Sony Memory Stick proprietary storage media, and ergonomics.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Lack of White Balance options. Proprietary memory. Not pocket-able.
Not easy for an amateur to use.
Somewhat expensive, bulky
Proprietary memory stick
HURRY OUT AND GRAB THIS OFF EVERY SHELF IN AMERICA,,
the price
Read the article for the cons of this camera.
Ergonomics not for everyone.  Electronic View Finder. Storage Medium.
Different shape, $$
Size, Price
Overcompensated white balance issues in certain types of lighting
Not Windows XP friendly, very expensive, very difficult to use
Ergonomic deficiency and color shift at extreme wide angle.
Sony Proprietary Memory, Occasionally Difficult Manual Focus
I bit big and heavy for casual photo taking.
Comes with small memory stick (16 MB) and camera is rather large.
Aperture priority is limited, very proprietary, no continuous mode and only one focus zone.
16MB memory stick that it comes with is useless - go 128MB.  Odd to handle.
Large and bulky, a bit awkward to hold, and well, a bit ugly.
Awkward shape, initial quality control, proprietary flash, "reds", flash color balance, memory stick.
none found so far, working like a dream
sony accessories cost an arm-and-a-leg
Cost
Difficult to adjust to low light settings.
Macro capabilites have their problems.  Funky shape is not copacetic with shooting or wearing.
Can be Bulky
comes with 16mb memory stick
memory stick, durability, flash temp too blue even after fix
Limited Warranty
Kind of pricey, could maybe use some more zoom.
Supplied 16MB Memory Stick a joke, no sticks available above 128MB yet
It is a little large to carry.
awkward to hold, no b/w mode
None
Flash produces red-eye, Included memory stick is inadequate
Proprietary Memory/ small memory size, Proprietary Battery, 
Somewhat bulky, comes with small memory stick
Pricey - 32MB Memory Stick - What's up with that silver body color
32 Meg stick standard, little pricey.
I didn't care for the pop up flash and their battery.
Bulky, Unbalanced, Optical 5X And Memory Stick.
Intimidated by lots of buttons? This may have too many settings for you.
EVF, Sony Memory Stick proprietary storage media, and poor ergonomics. , 
Mostly Sony proprietary technology.
Odd shape if you're not used to it.
Door hinges are flimsy. 
Weight, Sony Warranty
poor craftsmanship, extremely poor service
Slow focusing for sports, Noise Reduction takes control away
What's up with 32MB supplied memory??
The camera is bulky, but even at that it's still smaller than its predecessors.
Full size camera is a bit bulkier than today's typical digitals.
Odd shape for purchasing carrying accessories
cost. 32mb memory stick is a joke.
Ergonomics, shape,memory stick
Bulky, heavy, tricky macro, eye veiwer isn't "true."
Skimpy memory stick
Early production models have been recalled.  Memory stick capacity.
price, odd shape, flash shadow in macro shots
None that I can think of.
Body Shape, Battery door is a little weak, Regular memory sticks don't work
A bit expensive...
Flash pop up in your hand.
Red eye is just like other cameras.  No different than disposable.
A bit bulky and heavy
slow speed, pricey, problem with focusing on close objects, need for extra memory
Ok construction, poor close up quality, HORRIBLE USER interface
only enough memory for 30 - 35 pictures at a time
Poor picture quality in low light conditions
Proprietary memory , proprietary battery, slightly hard to press shutter release, low-powered flash
Difficult to get the best shots, weak (and badly positioned) flash. 
Digital cameras can be expensive
Battery cost, reliability
Camera has reported fault in battery life.  Sony has issued a recall repair notice
Expensive
Pictures fuzzy , grayish, and low-quality.  Slow Clicker.
Memory Stick Capacity, No Carrying Case
8 mb memory stick, no camera bag, short battery life, somewhat pricey
8 MB Memory stick is too small. Battery life is short.
Slow Trigger Button, 8MB Memory Stick too small, no time exposure
Horrible Picture Quality, Memory Stick, Poor Macro Capability...
NONE. Brings a tear to my eyes...
battery life leaves something to be desired
8 MB Memory Stick is small
Battery consumption, lack of memory, inaccurate view finder.
Price. Night time pics. Welcome to the sony memory stick trap.
Proprietary Memory Stick, battery life.
poor flash range, memory stick prices (not any more)
Poor Flash, No camera case
no out of camera charger
Lack of aux. flash, speed sticks only from Sony, 1-4 sec wait to snap picture
Light build quality for the cost
You need to buy extra memory; no case
Top quality = top price
8MB memory stick, memory stick in general.
Price, Optional Bag
Tad pricey, very slow to take picture
Have yet to find one.
Short battery life, software support, light adjustment
8mb memory stick, slow shutter/focusing, weak flash
Short battery life; fussy USB.
Battery life, weight, clunky shape.
Size makes it difficult to handle. READ THIS OPINION BEFORE YOU BUY!
trigger button NEED EXTRA memory sticks, AND extra battery 
Price
Blurry low-light images, weak LCD, shadowing
Terrible picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;easy to heated body&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Expensive memory sticks. Case not included.
A little expensive. Only includes 32mb Memory Stick.
could use a larger memory stick, extra zoom
3x zoom, small memory stick included, price
Haven't found any yet
screen, scene modes
The price
Can't always tell the quality of the photo from the small lcd
Focus problems and inconsistent quality of shots.
Memory Stick Pro cards are expensive,   P&amp;L guarantee is only 90 days, 
Shutter lag, picture quality (yellow tone), battery life
Honestly, none at all.
Only comes with 4 MB stick which is not sufficient for some features.
Absolutely need a rechargable battery!
Only 1.3 MP, only 3x zoom
Eats through AA batteries
Only 4MB memory stick supplied, rechargeable battery needed.
Picture Quality, Customer Service.
Burns batteries like the sun...
LCD Scratches Easily, sub-standard picture quality, battery life
not many. rechargeable battery highly recommended.
Outdated
None
It will suck a set of AA batteries dry within 5 min. 
Eats batteries, no optical zoom
Camera is a battery hog(get rechargeables for it)
Doesn't take good clear pictures, eats batteries, viewfinder is worthless.
Uses expensive Sony Memory Stick.
Short battery life, small stock memory stick.
Short battery, smallish memory, movies have no sound, slow flash recharge
Uses Sony Memory Stick, No Sound on MPEG Movies
Stock Battery life is terrible
Eats batteries like candy. Supplied Memory stick is only 4mb. No rechargeable batter included.
4MB memory stick, useless mpeg movie mode, no infolithium battery included, slow flash recharge rate
The usual battery thing, plus a little difficult to master all the settings
Investment needed $200 to get this thing the way it should be.
5min alkaline life,mpeg only displays half the small lcd.
movie-mode has no sound
very short battery life
No web cam capability, 8MB memory stick
You need more than 8mb of ram
Slow flash recharge.  No optical zoom.
Average picture quality. , 
Bad zoom, slow flash and no macro.
long charge time, the "enter" key is hard to use.
No optical zoom, port covers flimsy, flash needs recharging time, limited options
Plastic LCD, flimsy USB/Video cover, battery charger.
No optical zoom, no sound on video record, flash lag, 8M memory card with purchase..
8MB memory card is too small, No sound mains adapter, case, or video conferencing
Still slightly bulky?, Poor low light picture quality, No sound when filming moving video
Poor Quality Digital Zoom. No sound on Movie - But That's it!
no optical zoom
no optical zoom, no sound with the mpeg files
Camera does not allow you to edit the photograph after it has been taken., 
No optical zoom, hard to use "enter" key, long charge time, movies with-out sound
No noise to record w/ movie, needs a light for movies taking.
No audio in movie mode, no optical zoom, rather large, difficult to press "select" button
Long charging time.
No optical zoom, MPEG Movie feature worthless
Digital zoom, 8MB memory stick, enter button, usb/video out cover.
Picture quality
Had to buy extra memory stick
Shutter lag, controls/menus, flash, ridiculous battery charger, no optical zoom.
no optical, slow to focus on automatic focus
memory stick can be expensive
Flash still not great.
Short battery life!
Other than the high price tag I can't think of anything bad
Autofocus time a little long.
Expensive, Only 8MB, Steady hand required, Battery hog, Can't find substitutes for expensive accessories
Slow between shots&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Slightly slow start up time&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Average bettery life- get an extra one
Only 8Mb Memory Stick supplied
Battery life only about 1.5hrs. 8mb mem card is just about useless.
Low light pictures
none
Only 8Mb Memory Stick, memory stick can be expensive, short battery life, no remote control
low light photos, proprietary memory sticks
only 8M memory stick, have to hold very still when using moon light shot
short battery life
Videos are not clear if dark and in highest resolution is limited to 30 secs.
Battery life, battery life, more memory
Small 4MB Memory Stick, Pricey After Extras
Expensive when accessories are added.
infoLithium Battery Pack/64 megabyte Memory Stick a must... Video function is worthless.
Stamina battery and 64MB memory stick a must!! Starts to get expensive.
4MB included, eats batteries like no tomorrow, expensive after accessories
slow cycle time, cost (accessories), night shots
Eats batteries at a tremendous rate&amp;#13;&amp;#10;slow shot to shot recovery
Anemic 4 mb memory stick and poor battery life
Mpeg without sound, skimpy 4MB Memory Stick.
Cost, battery life, battery charger
Pricey must-have accessories
Flash use is annoying... delays actual picture taking.
Battery Life (Or Battery Death in this case), No Audio MPEG
Battery Problems
Slow flash recharge; low battery life
Very short battery life, Only 4mb memory stick included in package.
Poor standard battery life. , 4MB memory card not sufficient
TERRIBLE BATTERY LIFE, POOR MACRO FOCUS, slow focus, poor quality video, 
4meg stick is a joke. Accessories make this camera expensive.
battery guzzler, low zoom range, low power flash
poor battery life, 3x optical 6x digital zoom.
Abyssmal battery life.  Tiny LCD screen, flash takes time to charge
Awful battery life, expensive accessories
Short Battery Life, picture loading time
no sound with mpeg movie mode
Auto focus offputting in low light. Email functionality does not appear to work
no carrying case
Included software is poor, no sound w/movies, only 2X optical
Selection is sometimes a bit tricky
Joystick type control annoying at times.
low light mpeg not real clear, enter button should be separate button., 
Lacks some more advanced features, small memory card included, menu control button awkward to use
video is not really that great, but oh well.
A little awkward to hold
slow recharge of flash, joystick pad a pain sometimes, no wide angle shots
Auto-Focus, No Video Sound
none
Controls are not so easy to use specially the navigation button
Have to buy the better battery and memory card
memory sticks are expensive
Auto Lens Cover, Limited Warranty, High Labor Rate in months 4-12 of factory Warranty
microprocessor unreliable
Navigational key takes some practice to master
Optical is only 2x
It didn't work very long!
Slow recharge of flash. Problems with auto-focus.
It is slow taking the pictures.
none yet
A bit bulky
No Sound recording. Poor software package.
ImageMaker software not compatible with older operating systems, locked into MemoryStick technology
takes long to focus, and Sony makes the accesories expensive
Didn't find any.
Sometimes it delays after taking pic and this can be frustrating.
Cannot use flash when recording videos.
None
Slightly bulky and uncomfortable design, only 2X optical zoom, no macro mode
comes with a small memory stick (16 MB), needs a stronger zoom
design
Charge time for Batteries, small 16mb disk.
16MB Memory stick definitely not enough
16 MB Memory Stick is not enough., , Photo software package sucks., , No carrying case!
Comes with only 16 MB memory stick
Can't think of any right now
I haven't come across any negative aspects of this camera yet
The photo editing software offers little in the way of editing.  
batteries run low very quickly.  But that may be because I am using it constantly
16MB memory stick is a little bit small 
LCD display wart
haven't found one yet
MPG compression a little cheesy
Does not record sound
None.
Storage space, LCD screen, No sound recording capability
Only 16 Meg stick, batts take 13 hours to charge, no case or AC adapter
battery life can be short sometimes but it only takes 2 batteries
No Sound When Doing Video Clips (But Then Again, It's A Camera), Small LCD
Auto camera shut off, LCD stays on!
The Software on this camera just plain SUCKS!
Limited picture adjustment facilities, batteries take an age to charge and run out quickly
Batteries, LCD
Can't be used right out of the box, but that's obviously not a big deal
Picture's for email and internet were VERY POOR.
Picture brightness often has to be editted., Price.
Easy to press unwanted buttons while holding camera, limited movie time
Poor picture quality, not a stand-alone unit to download pictures to computer
A bit hard to figure out all functions.
Proprietary connectors, long battery-charging time, control buttons are hard to use
Have to spend more money to get additional memory, case, supper-quick charger.
Red-eye reduction not very good, comes with small memory stick.
Stopped working after only a few months, limited warranty
Small memory stick, limited manual settings. No sound on movie mode.
That "do not touch" rule when lens is extending or contracting.
Can not use out of box, shutter lag time (esp. on flash)
Control Button used in menu options takes some getting used to.
Initial memory and charger inadequate, no sound, Pixela software unintelligible.
Takes a few seconds to enable flash.  thumb-controlled menu button a little quirky at times.
Bigger memory card required...Poor Battery life .little LCD screen.
Battery life is too short., Battery takes 8 hours or more to charge
Lack of manual f-stop and shutter speed, Macro photography not very well implemented
Sony accessories can be pricey
Inconsistent results with flash, small memory stick included,controls difficult to make selections.
Long battery recharge time.
Poor battery life, flash issues
expensive accessories, video mode
price,size,materials,
Battery life
Night shots aren't the greatest.  Sony software is kinda weak.
No sports/action setting., Long time btw shots when using flash., Bad software.
Have to buy extra memory to get most out of resolution capabilities.
memory stick is expensive
6 hours to charge the batteries!
No diopter correction on the optical viewfinder.
It was difficult to learn to use all the great functions that it provides.
Scratches easily, sony mem sticks are expensive, LCD useless in bright sunlight
LCD hard to see in bright light; Autofocus takes some time in low light situations
Blurry images in low light
like most digital cameras the batteries don't last too long.
Zoom is a little noisy.
The hassle I went through to receive the end product.
hard on batteries, slow recovery time, limited manual mode.
night shot doesnt work well
Design could be better, not many optional accessories such as lens add-on, 
Still lacking a good zoom&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Digital zoom is still reasonably low quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Weak flash
Not much zoom, picture software is very basic
Uses memory sticks (expensive). Proprietary battery. Insufficient memory, no case or spare battery as standard.
image quality bad during low as well as too much light
Short battery life, small included memory stick, and not the greatest Sony lens.
Doesn't remember flash setting
Spendy accessories (memory, case, battery).  
Small zoom
doesn't handle "object-in-motion" still shots well
takes a few seconds to take the picture
High cost.
Potential problems when downloading pics directly from camera to Mac (OS X).
noise in low light situations, doesn't remember flash setting, poor warranty and customer service
uses batteries fast, low light is crummy
No optical viewfinder. 4MB memory stick is too small.
None
A little heavy for pocket!
lack of optical viewfinder, expensive battery and memory stick
memory stick to small, no movie mode
The camera was not made to be universal!
Only comes with a 4MB memory stick
Limited zoom, no viewfinder
bright sun pics, black sky moon pics
Indoor exposure, Needs better manual for optional settings,
no video capabilities - price decreases rapidly
Young there is none!
Memory stick less convenient than floppys, and has limited storage
4 MB Memory Stick is INADEQUATE&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lack of optical view finder in bright sunlight.
No View Finder, Zoom Could Be Better, 1 Second Delay On Shutter Operation
none
memory card they give out is too small to begin with
will be half the price in a year most likely
LCD screen doesn't tilt
Takes a little more time than usual to take a picture and to get used to using the camera.
LCD screen in dim light
I wish it was thinner.
Tiny print on the instruction booklet
No viewfinder, Comes with only a 4MB memory stick 
No optical viewfinder, poor button placement
None
only 1.3 pixels
Shutter Button 1 Second Delay, Tiny Connection into Camera
Taking a $500 camera out with me makes me a tad nervouse...
LCD visibility in bright sunshine
only 4 meg chip with camera; not the highest resolution
Picture quality in low light
resolution, if you are looking for professional quality, memory stick expense, automatic flash
You MUST buy more than the camera itself.
none
 Small 4MB Memory Stick, Poor image quality, No viewfinder
can only use lcd to take pictures, no viewfinder
Small Factory Installed Media Stick, Asking price high
only a 4mb memory stick included
lack of viewfinder, hard to take pictures of moving objects
Memory stick (digital film) included with camera is only 4 mb, too small
Not many visual features, Need higher capacity memory sticks for hi-res shots
not the very highest in image resolution.
4MB stick too small - will need more. Flash images gray out a bit. 
Slightly odd shape, no viewfinder (apart from LCD), measly 4MB memory.
Sony's Memory Stick not widely used by other Manufacturers
a bit expensive, memory cards fill up fast
pricey, too good resolution for average person
haven't found any
a little expensive along with the video cards.
4 mb memory stick that comes with it should be bigger
No AC adapter with this package!
No view finder. Will the moveable screen stand the test of time. 
without video this is just like the DSC-S30, but $100.00 more
LCD screen not easy to clean
Comes with only a 4 MB Memory Stick, No viewfinder (only a 2&amp;quot; LCD screen) 
price/no flash during movie mode/4mb stick
Small Standard Memory Stick
No optical viewfinder...
Picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Slow shutter speed
Poor flash, subject always turn out dark, expensive add ons.
Only 4mb of memory&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lcd Screen Hard to Clean&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Slow Shutter Speed
4 mb card too small.
Pricey&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Small amount of included memory
I hate where the lens is because I always put my finger over it!
Large (not for shirtpocket), Sony Memory Stick technology ($$$)
no viewfinder
Very heavy, not really made to fit in a picket, battery drains fast.
Not compatible with Windows 2000, memory card included is too small
No optical viewfinder - but who needs it.  Sony's website
Slow shutter activation time, accesory quality Issues
1. The resolution is not as good as the 3+ mega pixel cameras available today. 2. THe price is not competitive enough
larger memory stick required immediately
Only comes with a 4MB memorystick. No manual viewfinder
Expensive, weak zoom
no viewfinder, 4MB memory stick
only comes with a 4mg stick
4M card.
Digital Zoom distorts quality
Lack of carrying case
supplied memory stick should be a 16 mb not a 4mb
Higher price, come with too small memorystick
no optical viewfinder, and NO LCD is very great in the sun
4 Mb memory stick
Small starter Memory Stick, no physical viewfinder
Difficulty seeing screen in bright light
Low zoom; delay when taking pictures; pricey
Expensive
high price, possibility of Sony making the memstick proprietary
design a bit old fashion
kind of pricey
high cost, unreliable
None yet
small memory stick included, so you will need to buy more
none
no viewfinder == unusable
Software
Image quality not as good as my&amp;#13;&amp;#10;roommate's Canon Elph S100.
Memory stick = Too small, upgrade immeadiately
Wish it could take an MPEG longer than 60 seconds.
LCD viewfinder difficult to use in daylight. Short delay before picture is taken.
No Optical Viewfinder
4 Mb memory stick is too small
No viewfinder, expensive
Cannot set timer to take 60 second movie, must hold down button for more than15seconds.
Cannot set timer to take 60 second movie, must hold down button for more than15seconds.
No viewfinder and memory stick.
Some may consider it expensive but for what you get it's very reasonable!
A little too awesome
No Optical Viewfinder, "chintzy" 4 megabyte included Memory Stick
4MB memory stick is low for a 2.1Mpixels camera. No viewfinder missing.
the memory stick that comes with it is too small
None
No viewfinder
MPG movies only record 15 seconds, a little expensive
A memory stick instead of a card.
No optical viewfinder.
It does not come with a case or a flash
Expensive memory, not the best flash, Software.
Expensive ($700)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Not as useful if you don't own a home PC&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
should have purchased sooner! can't find any cons
Shape, price
Memory supplied too small
Needs bigger memory card
Viewfinder not &amp;quot;true&amp;quot;, heavy LCD reliance.
shutter lag, small capacity memory stick included
just like computers, new versions come out later
Proprietary Memory (if you use your memory sticks with anything else)
Takes good photos of dead rats.
Expensive, proprietary technology, not enough manual tweaking for pros, one step below professional quality 
no external battery charger
complicated
Instructions can be unclear at times, no carrying case
A little heavy, the photo ready function is slow
Flash is too bright, stationery LCD, shutter delay.
Delay time is a bummer...no action shots with this one.
Low light resolution, menu dial a bit hairy, memory
A little slow to shoot
Zoom is mixed optical/digital
small bundled memory (8MB)
bulky and expensive
A hair expensive, even if it has great bang for the buck
Didn't find any
Kinda Bulky
bulky
Battery recharges directly on camera.
a bit pricey...
small memory stick, needs ring light for macro subjects
Technology changes
Only 8MB Memory Stick included, short USB cable.
Totally lame flash, Sony Support bites
too expensive for a toy
Slightly Expensive, USB not compatible with Win95, Memory Sticks are expensive for extras
Poor Sony support; while price is competitive, it's still a bit steep
Three draw backs to this camera are: It takes what is called a memory stick, meaning you need to down load the photos or you need a PC to view the photos full size. Your computer needs to have a USB connection and capabilities to use this camera. The view 
No self timer and menu could be larger
8MB Memory Stick
Bulky, propritary memory, slow at times
A bit slow when processing
movie is poor
can't find any
Separate lens cap, slow recycle time, included 8MB mem stick is too small
cable is too short.
No hot shoe.  Slow recycle time
Action shots are very difficult
slightly smaller than a standard 35mm camera, manual lens cap
8Mb memory stick only, no carrying case, menu complicated at first, slow to focus
software,noise
separate lens cap, slow shutter release in full automatic mode
Sony site support is complicated and it lacks a rotating screen
"Memory Stick" - However, SanDisk and Hewlett-Packard show some respect for this technology! (See Note)
Not much memory, not really pretty and small
Small base memory
A little bulky, delay on pressing shutter button
Menu too imbedded, making choices/changes difficult
Memory too small, Use Sony memory only
8 mb memory stick doesn't cut it.
*Only 2 White balance presets&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*AF lock awkward&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Manual lacking detail&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Metering limited&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
time lag between decision and actual shot, Zoom 
Bundled software Unavailable TWAIN capability ("photo suction"), 90-day warranty 
Small included memory stick, can take some time to get used.
small memory stick, 16meg fits 7 images
Proprietary battery and storage; Lens cap is not very user-friendly
HQ Video Only Lasts 15 seconds, only 8 mb stick included
INFORMATION IN THE INSTRUCTION MANUAL CAN BE LIMITED.
None
8 mb supplied card is weak! :) Advanced features can seem overwhelming.
Exposure delay
Heavy to carry around....not really a pocket camera, control layout messy, stingy standard memory stick
none
Pricey (thought not beyond reason)
a little bulky, could do with a little more zoom
Somewhat large / heavy, no protective lens filter, 8MB memory - cannot hold TIFF image
Comes with 8mb card. Too small for this much of a camera
Some advanced features are not easy to access quickly.
8mb Memory Stick isn't enough. Wish the LCD was bigger.
can't charge battery while camara is on
pause when focusing playback pictures, slow charging
I really have nothing bad to say about this camera. It outperforms most.
Only comes with 8MB memory, LCD panel does not rotate, lots of lag.
Too little flash for dark situations, the 8MB memory stick that comes with camera.
Slower Shutter response that any Film Camera.
None
Price depreciation too fast
a little heavy and bulky compared to other sleeker models.
Optical zoom is limited to 3X.
Upper color band weak.
must have lens cap off when camera is on, can't add filters without adapter
Delay between shots, focusing, tricky white balance
Too little standard memory, no standard carry case.
NONE.
battery life is VERY short!  Very short!
Proprietary Sony memory, limited white balance options, and proprietary Sony external flash&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
In it's class it has none.
Battery life is terrible! Action shots are no good with this either.
No cover for LCD
Haven't found any yet
The zoom is not as good as the F707.
no optical zoom, no carrying case, software included is not the best
Optical zoom only 3x
too many too list...
Instruction Manual, difficult to learn.  
limited aperture settings, first signs of wear after six weeks
None
none so far
None that I can find.
Memory Stick, Cheesy Rubber AC Cover
Memory Stick, Cheesy Rubber AC Cover
small control wheel, image quality control
6 second power up. Terrible auto-focus in low light. Long lag time. Distracting Autofocus light.
price
Shutter lag
Must anticipate startup/action shots, intermittent focus problems, USB cable problems, CCD light interpretation
Stiff learning curve.
lens looks somewhat delicate , low light auto-focus weak. 
Slow Start-up, sometimes oversaturated colors...
So many GREAT features I can't get to them all! 
Make sure you fully understand Sony's limited warranty.
It's Big and Bulky, Short battery life for movies
Autofocus not as effective as it could be
Has a very delicate &amp; cheap plastic cover for charger input.
Should at least have included 32 MB memory stick, No remote control. 
Comes with a small 8mb memory card. Need at least 64mb or 128mb
Minor control, flash and menu shortcomings.
Not the best software; needs to include a much larger memory stick! 
Accessories are mostly proprietary to Sony  flash, battery and lens covers, Shutter Speed
Can only use NiMh batteries, and supplied charger too slow. No wrist strap included.
Not-so-good pix, more memory means slower startup, autofocus hates dim light
All things that would be expected from a small camera
Discontinued (replaced by U20). Thirteen hours to charge batteries.
Recharging battery takes forever
sensitive to light, no zoom, no wrist strap
auto white balance is easily confused
battery life, lcd screen, no viewfinder
No zoom, Battery recharge too long, , Small screen, , More expensive than other 2MP cameras
No optical or digital zoom, poor pictures in low lighting, red eye function inconvenient.
No zoom, no sound in movie mode
No zoom, needs external charger for batteries, no viewfinder.
so-so picture quality, no zoom
tiny buttons, small screen hard to see, no viewfinder, acceptable but not exceptional picture quality
No adjustable image quality settings (heavy image compression).  No wrist strap in box. 
Lens, Battery Life, Tiny LCD
It's tiny
No zoom, limited flash range
no zoom, no brace.....
No zoom.
May be too small for larger hands, no zoom.
no zoom
No zoom, less than great low light/night capabilities
Small video, no viewfinder, sony mem sticks are expensive!
No zoom, lack of wrist strap, 13-hour charger.
No zoom.  Screen is hard to clean.  
no zoom, causes too much red-eye, price,, bundled memory stick too small, doesnt record sounds.
loads of red eye, marginal picts in low light
Fairly expensive; slightly heavier and bulkier than some compact digital cameras.
Akward Zoom Control. Zoom Barrel not very sturdy..just get a Service plan.
None.
Can't find any yet! Oh maybe, it requires you always carry a spare battery.
Weak zoom, standard battery life limited
Small size, not as many accessories, memory stick pro prices
Battery Life Questionable, Limited Digital Zoom
No magnification in manual focus mode and camera locks during TIFF file writes 
 Fixed lcd , memory stick, battery charged in camera, flash?, slow lens 
Price, accessory prices
Accessory prices
Difficult to hold, long write times for TIFF
The cost of the paper and print cartridge!
none
price associated with paper/ink
"Fuzzy" documentation. Can't use some features with PC.  Finding replacement photo paper in normal stores.
None
Paper/Ribbon pack may be hard to find locally but better deals online
wedded to Sony for supplies, Only prints 4x6 and 3.5x4 pictures
price of media, limit on picture size
4 X 6 PICTURES ONLY, VERY EXPENSIVE TO PRINT
paper/cartridge combo price, paper has a "postcard" backing 
Badly designed, ridiculous concept
Cost and difficulty finding the replacement paper. Max picture size is 4x6.
None.
no 8x10's, somewhat long term expensive
Paper/Ribbon pack hard to find locally but plenty available online, prints up to 4x6
Only 3x zoom, large size.
Rather Expensive, So much to understand, Very Delicate
CD only - no removable media, hard to see LCD outdoors, redeye
Quite expensive. Physical limitations caused by CD
Fairly long disc-access time, large size for non-SLR
Lag between shots is a little slow. 
microphone location, programming of VGA
Intro flash screen a little too long so candid photos are limited
Crappy "feel" due to cheap detailing, like a plastic toy really. Poor ergonomic design.
bulky - large - expensive
The USB connection WILL NOT WORK with Window's Millenium Edition.  
Discs have memory restrictions and I've had trouble connecting USB port to my CPU.
Price
Large unit, shutter button by "feel"
not speedy as regular film cameras, Expensive
No ability to change Lenses
Camera "freezes" while gets ready to focus.  (Also, can't delete photos off disks.)
Sequential action photos is a big problem, capture write is very slow.
Big! 
cost, using flash makes it darker
the cd is final, needs cdr-w which are re-writable
1-sec delay image capture, availability of blank disks,
The only thin i found is that the built in flash is sotra  weak  (needs to be a wee bit  more powerful)
"Boxy" looking, Bulky, A Bit More Expensive
Expensive, bulky and heavy, need some time for turn and shooting, need buffer
Inconsistent quality, delays before taking the picture.
Price ($1299) (relative)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Big, heavy
Expensive, a bit bulky and heavy.
Expensive, Heavy, "Industrial" Look.
cumbersome
overpriced, lack of wide angle
heavy
Flacky on Win 98 and No Drivers for Win 2000
Shutter freeze hinders action shots
Flash is useless,  Lack of Mac Support
resolution is not highest available, but still great
pitiful wide angle, clunky handling
Price, size a little cumbersome
Size
ABOVE
some functions are not as well thought out as they should be
some functions are not as well thought out as they should be
Not as fast as film based 35mm camera. Low light conditions present problems.
Price, Size, and lack of real value in CD image storage strategy. 
Slow recording speed, bulky and heavy.
Price, Also having to initialize each CD and Then Finalize before removing.
More expensive than two separate superior items would be.
No viewfinder, No external charger included
Slightly Bulkier than most. Highly sensitive to movement during disc initialization. Pricey.
It's a little large, won't fit in your pocket or purse.
slightly bulky; features can be overwhelming at first
No external battery charger.
Big and a bit over sized!
CD format is not compatible with all CD-ROM drives
Price, heavy, big, no optical viewfinder, only 2 mp.
Focusing is a little harder than with a normal camera.
Camera is Bulky, pricey accessories
Heavy/bulky, no view finder, images blur slightly with movement on occasion
low resolution compared to newer cameras, bulky
hard to handle for large hands and rather heavy.
a little bulky, price
Extremely slow when writing to a .tiff
Constant disc errors-lost photos, large clumsy camera, poorly positioned buttons, bad for active photographers
Video is too small and not the same quality as the still shots.
A little bulky
No optical viewfinder, batteries are pricey and proprietary.
CD errors resulting in lost photos, a bit bulky, long delay time between photos
Unable to control shutter or aperture priority
A little bulky
Display unfavorable message when using non-Sony CD's.
For certains too bulky...more stable for me.
slightly heavier than expected. Instruction manual is long winded.
Price, Size, Disk Access 
Wait for disk recording. Less than stellar video.  Beware non-Sony CD-RWs.
Price, A little larger than other cameras.
high price, learning curve, disk write time
No optical viewfinder, Slow startup times, Slow image / thumbnail display 
High Cost, A bit slow, A bit bulky, but storage of photos is A+. 
TOO MANY FEATURES!  I Just want to take a Quality picture!
Expensive
Warranty troubles, Slow startup time, annoying "mavica disc recommended" message, not an action camera
i had to buy a Large case because it is a Large camera!
Limited video time
Steep purchase price.
hefty price
price
Slow writing time, movie quality not so great.
price, weight, size, response time
A bit expensive, large and heavy, slow 3-4 second delay between pics
No carry case, and the need to buy a lens attachment before using extras.
Sony interface is still limiting.
Expensive - Bulky - lack of extras
Somewhat expensive; big; slow?
Long delay between shots. Viewing screen can be difficult to see in bright light.
as large as any 35 mm single-lens reflex camera but lighter weight
NOT MAC COMPATIBLE (except OSX)
The strap does not seem secure &amp; only 2.5 hours battery life.
Not a pocket camera (1 lbs 7 oz) and expensive.
Larger than most digital cameras
Slow.
No viewfinder. 3 second shutter delay. , Size of a SLR.
Bulk &amp; cost.  Mediocre video capability
Bulky for taking "casual" photos
The 3 sec lag, and that pesky Sony "enter" button.
I just wish it had a larger optical zoom and maybe a viewfinder.
slightly bulky
Bulky, a bit of a shutter lag, lacks a viewfinder, viewscreen is fragile
bulky, slow shutter response, questionable quality
Using finalized mini cd in computers is still a challenge to use with other software
A little large and lacks a viewfinder
price, size / weight, easily "dewed"
price (still waiting to find out if it's worth the investment)
weight
everything
LCD Display drains out the battery.
battery, focusing
Poor quality, slow, bad flash, short battery life
there are NONE!
Picture quality could be a bit better
none
picture quality
Indoor pictures are difficult, usually because of lighting.
 Not a great camera for &amp;quot;artistic&amp;quot; photography (landscapes, portraits)
Limited to Floppy storage capacity.
Not for all uses
extras sold seprately
picture quality not 35mm, blurred photos
no zoom
bulky
No LCD cover
A little slow
Need to watch outdoor use,read instructions
too much money
I couldnt find any
expensive
Floppy disks don't work with iMacs unless you have an external drive
haven't found any yet!
thinking?? nope, can't think of any!
Picture Quality
pictures a little grainy
Picture quality not a high as standard film.
Uses Floppy Disks, Is Bulky and has bad Image Quality
Zoom sucks, not for the professional
Everything else, poor resolution and focusing.
no zoom lens it is a must
-
-
Bad picture quality, eats up alot of battery
Big N Bulky, Flash is crazy bright!
not reliable, heat &amp; x-ray sensitive
Heavy, slow save, low image quality, picture error, cannot have moving video
Poor battery life.  Poor quality of Picture.  Does not live up to SONY quality standards.
battery
none
Price, LCD Display gets smudged
overpowering flash, LCD screen during outdoor sessions
price, fairly heavy
May have unstable photo quality after time
Sony does offer higher quality devices
Careful of the flash - it can wash out your pictures
Bright Flash is too bright
This digital camera is larger than average
Unforgiving flash
Fair Image Quality (Compared to 35mm)
Don't even bother with the flash it's tricky.
Problems with photos surface frequently, camera durability is pretty bad
Not enough resolution for portraits.
None
not exactly cheap
Some people prefer cameras that use memory cards. Only takes still photos, no movie clips.
Little heavy. No movie mode. No viewfinder.
THE PRICE!, very bulky, the battery life and the 640 x 480 resolution.
A little bulky &amp; fairly slow shutter speed.
Adequate Resolution, LCD-only Viewfinder
Battery Life
LCD screen a little weak in bright sun.
low resolution, that way-to-bright flash!
poor quality at night, short 10 second timer
Large Camera, better picture quality, night blindness, faster disk cycle time
Heavy, broken zoom, 
a simple point and shoot camera
hard to understand instructions
Limited to 640x480 resolution
photos sometimes to dark
I can't think of one
If you go over 2 hours you'll be dead in the water!
LCD display should have protective cover for when not in use
Number of pics camera stores and battery
None
Bulky, not 35mm quality
Poor dpi
none
NONE
Slightly more expensive than some others.
A little pricy
will not take motion pictures
hard to change settings from e-mail to regular photos
size
heavy
Terrible in low light
Price
i cant think of any
Pricey toy, Not meant for fast repetitive shooting, lighting stinks
Diskette type affects image quality
depending on your budget might be expensive
heavy and bulky, a nuisance to carry around on vacation secondary to its size and weight
It is a little pricey but well worth it
&amp;quot;Professionals&amp;quot; may want higher resolution
Family a little upset.
size, dark indoor distance shots
A little pricey
needs alot of back ground light...not for use in darkly lit places
flimsy bag, low quality wide angle lens
$$$
It may require some saving to pay for it.
price
iMacs must get a floppy drive.
flash to bright for close-up photos, photos are brighter on small view screen that in reality
I little bulky, but you get use to it.
had the camera for a about a year and a half and cant think of  any cons
high price
the price is at the higher end, but a good product is worth it in the long run
short battery life, fragile to carry around
view screen hard to see in bright light
Large blow-ups show pixels
The price is fairly steep, but it is worth the price for me.
haven't found anything yet!
Quality of pictures is not very good
none!
Battery life/ flash settings
Price
Maybe a bit heavy, not very stable on flat surfaces.
not sure if the problems I see are related to this camera or not.
LCD can be hard to see in certain lights
It is expensive if you aren't going to be using it a lot.
no extra filters or lenses for this camera
a little larger than others
Doesn't come with a carrying case
pretty expensive, but a reasonable price for the product and product quality
slow to record
Runs on diskettes
Pictures won't access on any computer.
Haven't had time, to read, the manual.
bulky size - may break easily?
None
Could have higher resolution.  Batteries expensive.  Could use better zoom lens.
larger and a little more expensive,half the pictures on disk
High Price
low res, doesn't print the greatest
Technology is still expensive, disks can be filled fast too, user needs a computer to get all the benefits 
Distance shooting isn't amazing
Sometimes hard to print
What I paid
a little bulky
Cost
red-eye,which could probably be reduced if I knew better how to take shots
cost
not much memory
need to have 2 batteries
viewfinder difficult  to see in sunlight.
not enough disk space
Purchase price, service, flaky-ness, obsolescence
expensive
pricey, low-res pics, bulky. wash-out flash
Price, Pixel Resolution
it's kind of delicate for a camera
Average picture quality, lack of features, size, floppy disk storage
NONE...it's a SONY digital!
shoulder strap was hard to install until I read the instructions
Battery life is not the greatest
Resolution not good for larger prints (8X10 or larger), price, storage media limitation
???
Write time is a little slow.  Lower resolution are distorted. 
It could be a better priced!
Not 35 mm quality, price. 
None
Has poor quality in low light situations.
low resolution
A little pricey right now.
none
picture quality, cost
Needs a more powerful zoom
haven't found any yet.
Cost, red eye flash problem
Battery life
Digital pictures instead of real pics - clear enough &amp;gt;? Not sure yet 
Short battery life
Quality of picture
no zoom; power usage issues
Initial cost is high
bulky size, low pixels
none noted.
none
size, resolution
Not cheap; Full charge only last 2 hours
Yields Dark Images Occasionally
large, hard to focus, flash is complicated
pic resolution not up to par as compared to 35mm. image
?
printed photos have low dpi - not great quality.
LCD display needs a shade for bright sunlight.  Hard to see it.
$450 price tag
Batteries are expensive, you have to buy the AC adapter for $150 if you want one
Cost of most digital cameras make them impractical for most young people.
can't get quality enlargements from and awesome picture
price; lack of view finder
no manual focus
Costly, not necessary for everyone.
Doesn't fit in your pocket!
too bulky and heavy
The quality of the images!
None.
bad for anything not close-up
not exactly photo quality,  you have to deal with pixels
none as of yet
Uses a floppy disk as media. Poor resolution. High price
Rather expensive for the picture resolution.
Resolution, price.
unprotected lcd screen, big in size, low effective megapixel capacity
Short battery life.
Flash too strong for extreme close-ups
Picture quality, price
larger than some, use a square view-finder versus an eye-piece
middle-of-the-line
grainy photos
Features do not include a movie mode.
indoor shots are not wonderful - move up a model
Not worth mentioning
picture quality
expensive
None
Larger form factor, no through the lens view finder
Initial Cost
not always portrait quality (but close)
Could do a little better on distance
Mediocre picture quality
None
hard to find a carry case
it could have had a little better resolution
Size, Must use LCD for display
Might feel &amp;quot;bulky&amp;quot; at first
fair price but i hope they go down some
I couldn't find anything I didn't like about this camera
None
Viewfinder a problem in intense sunlight.
None
I really don't see any reason for a con on this product
 none, as far as I'm concerned
none thus far
Battery only lasts 2 hours
a little costly
moderate picture quality
Not good for very low light levels
you get addicted to taking lots and lots of pictures !
not a con with the camera itself, but wondering how printed pics hold up over the years
I haven't tried printing the photos yet, so I'm not sure of the quality there.
expensive
older
Although a 10x zoom is featured, there are no optional 200 or 300mm lens that I'm aware of.
no movie mode
Bulky and large
Camera is a bit bulky
lens cap
None yet...
A little large, but light weight even so
have not found any yet. 
None that I have found
don't know of any
Viewfinder, Hard to hold still
none yet
difficult indoor photos
Too many to mention
Viewfinder scratches easily
a little bulky, wish there was a cover for the screen
Poorly written instruction manual
too easy 
resolution
None
Difficult to see LCD screen on bright days; a bit grainy in low light
Bad quality, slow
the screen get dirty easy, but that is about it.
To print it out, you need a high quality printer
A little bulky and a little heavy
a bit pricey
Has a hard time focusing in low light
Does not come with a camera case.
Poor &amp;quot;print-out&amp;quot; quality, bulkier than 35mm cameras
I'll let you know when I find one!
Not for high resolution photography.
Grainy with no flash indoors
Images are far from top of the line; clunky shape.
None
cost
Rechargable Battery Life (suggest buying another battery, for backup)
little expensive, little hard to figure out how to attatch pictures
Just a Bit Pricey!
Cons??!!
none I can think of
Picture quality, picture quality
A little pricey!
Not the best quality definition.
Pictures not professional quality; floppy storage cumbersome for some
price, resolution, storage drive
No cons that I've encountered!
Short battery life...   :(
Low resolution by today's standards.
If immersed in water, it will probably cause damage
Print Quality
a little bulky 
Should come with a carrying case
none
Can't think of any
low resolution makes it a general purpose camera
quite expensive but worth it for the quality
none....i guess the price
Storage media limitations, focus and flash problems.
Limited picture capacity on floppy.
640-480 resolution
Battery is quick to run down... get the longer-lasting one and you'll be in paradise!
Haven't found any yet.
No AC cord included
Picture quality when on paper.
Poor image quality
Grainy pictures, expensive for its quality
Sometimes it's too bright outside and I can't see the picture on the screen very well.
Low Picture Quality
Low resolution for price.
lack of high resolution
Pictures quality
movie mode isn't long enough
less pixels than other models, so less picture quality when printed out
poor image quality, camera shake
No camera case included.
the darkness of the preview screen
can't take short movies
not very many
None that I have encountered
Still haven't found any
None
not cheap
Poor quality indoors or in low light--Flash doesn't help much
expensive, but worth it...
none.
Bit Bulky, No Video Clip Option
Doesn't come with a case.
only can save 5-7 photos per disc
none
Night time display not viewable  on the camera viewer.
no USB port or flash memory cards
View finder hard to see in bright sunlight.
just alittle aquard
save your money
None
Battery life seems awful short
expensive
Price
Disk Storage, Picture Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Grainy in low light.
Picture quality could be better, bulky 
Pictures not very of high quality.  Floppy storage.
It can get heavy at times.  The zoom is not the greatest.
a bit bulky but worth it
Image quality, camera size.
None that I found, so far.
can't think of any
Fine mode only allows around 23 pictures.  Preview window gets dusty easily.
Picture subject difficult to see in low lighting. 
Bulky, hard to carry around
Very bad picture quality.  
Small window for viewing pics.
Pictures lack clarity, heavy camera, battery life only 120m
No view finder, No Red eye eliminator.
Small viewing screen
Size, poor printed image quality
Low sharpness, distortions in the zoom when wide screen, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;heavy for an camera
LCD screen scratches very easily, 0.8 megapixels
the size but not really a big deal.
High price, bad with low lighting conditions, average image quality
3x zoom, not great at night, large, expensive.
Just one
NOTHING THAT I CAN FIND THUS FAR
You'll enjoy the camera so much you'll spend all your money on floppies!
no viewfinder, not highest resolution, bulky
flash very bright, recommend a few layers of magic tape over it,  expensive and bulky
Maybe size....
Red eye
There isn't any
nothing bad about it
None
Larger and heavier than some digitals.
A little heavier than I would want but not too heavy
Price and speed
Good stuff:  Brand name, GREAT SUPPORT, Disks are easy to get, cheap and after figuring out what disk is what it is easy to transfer to a PC.  The range of quality is awsome, from standard to Fine pictures there is a range of stuff, also there is the abili
Programing
bad in low lighting situations
no MPEG mode, big
Cost (but not bad for what you get)
short battery time
Better software is available than what is supplied.
Daylight or Well Lit Areas Only
Not for professional photography, Somewhat bulky, 
A bit pricey
Has wasteful features, and a inadequate zoom
Price, no digital output
a little bulky,  lack of regular camera-style viewer
too big
havent found a bad thing yet
Battery life is short when using flash constantly.
there are a few features that you really have to read the manual
A little bulky
Battery that comes with it is not enough for me
none
One movement may change focus
A separate viewfinder would have been nice.
Bulky, No video/audio output, weak battery
No output to TV.
Inadequate software
weight
Like the new 10x zoom a little better
None, this is the best camera on the market
zoom could be better, battery life is limited
none
Only a 3X zoom
It's a little heavy...weight and price.
No interchangeable lens
Eats the &amp;quot;rechargeable  battery&amp;quot; (not double A)
Restricted storage on a floppy disk, so you have to carry a number with you.
Size, bulky
Wish it had a bigger zoom.
Not too great detail, not too durable.
none that I have seen
Short battery life
Pricey. Battery Life is weak.
Battery life isnt too long
Larger than average
DISK NOT A GOOD IDEA...
Jamming the floppy in backwards can harm the drive. (duh!)
Relatively high price, considering I paid more for this camera than most of my computers, but WORTH IT!
might be pricey for some individuals
only five pictures per floppy disk
Really need second battery.
Costly
Only 1216X932
limited memory
Carrying case not included
Storage is limited by the current technology
Flash and daylight shooting
need a printer to get pictures right away
NOT THE GREATEST RESOLUTION, LIMITED STORAGE
NONE except I wish I could have afforded the difference for the FD-88 which has a great zoom!
Still a fairly high price.
A little heavy to carry comfortably
None
A little heavy...but not a huge con!
NONE
It doesn't have enough features
poor mpeg movie quality
Non-upgradeable, lack of space
It gets you wanting to use it alot
in 6 months to a year, this thing will seem like the 35mm does now, an increased flood of 3.5&amp;quot; floppy disks all over your house!
none
Initial Cost
Carrying a lot of floppy discs could get bulky
You will need to know a little bit about photo manipulation software
Requires many floppy discs to take lots of pictures
pictures are hit &amp; miss,not for professionals
None unless you don't like disks.
Short battery life
size
none
a little large...
none
Picture blurry when you move slightly
battery life could be longer
Limited storage capacity
expesive (around 6-700$), several seconds are needed between each photo taken
none
Cost
Slightly heavy, needs lighting
12 - 15 pictures per floppy, but worth it!
bad in low light and action shots
See above
Expensive, Limited # of Photos to Each Disk
Not much in the way of accessory equipment
could us more storage.
difficult to master controls
low picture storage per disk
Higher cost.
imaging screen that is hard to view in bright light
Picture Quality and Poor Battery Life
Higher priced than other cameras with same features
no program to display pictures
Battery life, no repetitive snapshots
Carrying case not included
None yet.
delay between pictures
Can't think of ANY
None
Understanding how to get best resolution, difference between screen and actual photo
can't say anything bad about it yet
a bit complicated for beginner
expensive
The pictures and movie take long to capture
printout performance depends on equipment
Floppy disks don't hold many photos, if they get dirty there could be problems
none
none I can think of
not good for fast candids
too expensive to develop pictures
Slow, big
Expensive
Only hold eight pictures to a disc
No camera case with purchase
storage is limited to 1.44mb
Battery could last a little longer
expensive, hard to see LED in sun
a little bulkier then 35 mm!
bulky , FRAGILE
slightly too big due to disquette use
No View Finder, Low Battery Life
accessories pricey
expensive
cost
louder than flash card cameras
 A bit on the expensive side but worth every penny
Perhaps Price, Size
A bit pricy, you pay for what you get
battery life
Expensive, but not compared to others in category
Doesn't come with case/floppies
Price. But hey, it's great technology.
none
no red eye flash mode, only battery power
6x Zoom Feature could be higher for the price.
none
Relative bulk, doesn't come in yellow
bigger than most other cameras - can be a little bulky at times.
cost
No Viewer, LCD Only
Poor video
unit size, floppies take up some space
One 1.1 megapixels
expensive
Too much autofocus, no exposure settings
Battery does not last terribly long and it is expensive!
None!
Too many features
Hate the money it takes!
Bulky, Unreliable file reading
More expensive....but no one else offers the floppy disk storage that makes this such a winner
Flash, but not too worry about
There are digital cameras for snapshot use that are newer, and more advanced yet still cost wise for the picture taker.
bulkier than other models
Still portraits usually cause red eye syndrome
floppys are unreliable, floppys are big.
price could be lower
I wish it had a better zoom, need to shoot movies in landscape
Have to buy a longer-lasting battery than the one included
A bit bulky, Lens cap has no logical place to go, camera strap, no camera bag
May want to purchase extended battery
2-3 Second delay from the time you press the button until the picture is actually snapped
slightly higher cost - larger body
No AC adapter.
Battery life
none
None
limited storage on floppy, hard to use in full sun
For the pixel by pixel resolution still expensive investment
expensive
none so far
Small storage (you use a lot of disks)
Get more Zoom
no film
Interpolated pixels, using disks is a great pain
Everyone wants to borrow it.
Only 1.44 MB for storing pictures.
Case, sold seprately but is still to small for the size of the camera. 
slightly large and bulky as well as costly, but well worth it
A bit bulky and heavy.
none
no optical viewfinder
Can't think of any
The old FD-81 could take 60 seconds of uninterupted mpegs, this one can only do 15 second.
everyone will want to steal this one from you.
Hard to see LCD in bright sunlight
I needed two batteries because of short memory.  Two work great - one is 90 minutes, the other 160 minutes. 
none
Big, Pictures Grainy
Disks fill quickly, difficult to use in bright sunlight
Expensive.
low optical zoom
Expensive, Only 1.44 on each floppy
Advance functions can be tricky, photo development.
Big and complex.  Floppy only accepts a few high resolution pictures.
Would like a Telephoto Lens.
Only allows 6 quality pics per floppy, only a single 15 second movie.
This one is easy, the price.
Limited battery life.
No memory stick. Memory stick adapter causes too much lag in storage times.
Might excite disdain from observors but what else can last 10 years?  35MM?
Need a good Printer &amp;amp; the videos don't play in windows
none at all
Not as much storage as a comparable camera with internal/removable memory card.
display can be hard to see in sunlight
Zoom/Wide-angle, delayed shutter, battery life
No 800x600, only six images per disk
Delay in capture, no separate charger
Less goodies than MVC-FD90
risky technology
colors are distorted
battery life could be longer
Delayed Shutter  Could Miss  Action Shots
Will not record extremely faint point sources which are readily visible to the human eye.
A little heavy,lens cap in the way all the time
LCD screen gets fingerprints easily, may be a little expensive.
Expensive, Big and bulky
wish i bought it sooner
Dosen't take action pictures, no telephoto lens available.
Size, Shakiness on full zoom
High price may push consumers to less expensive models.
RETAIL COST HIGHER
Hard to hold still ... That might just be me.
a little bulky, LCD panel is hard to see under bright conditions
none
Large-ish
Battery life could be longer
poor product design
image storage speed (slow), autofocus speed (slow)
the viewfinder can be hard to use in direct sunlight
Floppy Disk Adapter NOT AVAILABLE
Slow recording on floppy, focus control, red-eye reduction, cost
Expensive 
A delay in shutter snap.  Waiting for it to start up.
The price!
PRICE!
Nothing
No view finder
A little pricey, manual is terrible
resolution/can be a bit pricey for the non-pro
Lack of internal disk space
No carrying case
what saves to disk and what prints are very different, price
Accessories hard to find
Size although not really a big con 
Battery life is only good for 75 minutes of shooting. Once I got started, I wanted to keep going!
can only get 4-5 pictures per disk
floppy won't hold that many pics at a high resolution
emphasis on blues &amp;amp; greens
medium quality image prior to enhancement
Everybody wants to borrow it.
Pricey, power hungry
Image capacity/storage, no optical viewfinder.
none for my purposes
No screen cover on camera
Expense
the price (you have to pay for good quality)
none
buttons and controls are small and hard to read.  Tricky slide and move function not necessary for ease of use.
not a one
will not take supre fine pictures
Still a little expensive
poor White balance on indoor shots
a little big, but worth it to save onto floppies
There are NO CONS!!!!!!!!!!!!! about this product it is easy to use and takes high quality pictures
Size, Price
None
pricey BUT worth the money, problem with red eye
Only 4 images per disk at highest res
low-res LCD screen, size
None
no optical view finder
slow to write data to disks
difficult to capture movement
no optical viewfinder
size, weight
Need a lot of disks, is a little bit bulky to hold.
Must have at least two fully charged batteries to get the most out of it.
Picture quality still lacks crispness
image storage speed (slow), autofocus speed (slow)
pricey
speed/ battery life
no memory stick option
Expensive
limited record capacity, bulky, doesn't make HQ prints at low res.
video feature not useful, cost
Operations in Bright Sunny Conditions.
Expensive item relative to its everyday best uses, has silly video and sound add-ons
Bigger than other digitals due to the floppy storage.
Supplied battery NP-F330. I recommend the NP-F550.
bulky
Only a few images fit on a disk
Almost nothing
Long range zoom photos are not as clear.
A little slow recording to the floppy (but hey, it's a floppy)
No optical viewfinder.  No image stabilization for zoom.  Warranty fine print.
Pricey- the the lower priced models do just as well.
Bulky, LCD hard to see in bright light, grainy pics in low light, flash burns
disk compacity, photo lag time.
Floppy Drive, Sony, Warranty 
Bulky, Fast Battery
Red eye reduction, daytime outside shots, blurry action photos
Battery life could be better, costs a little more than others
Not good for moving objects
bulky, to short of battery life, confusing sometimes, bad spot for wide angle/zoom control
Initial Purchase Cost
a little big, have to buy two batteries
Limited disk space.
Almost useless at night, poor picture quality
$100 more, kind of big compared to traditional camera
No battery lives forever. Memory stick capable, but this is ordered separately, the camera itself is a little bulky
Bulky, expensive
floppies fill fast (stick solves that!)
Pics take up a lot of memory
constantly having to re-charge the battery 
No case.  Awkward zoom control
limited space and slow transfer speed of media
Some menus are difficult to navigate
Bulky, shot lag time, limited image storage, viewfinder washes out in sun
A floppy only stores a few photos, Memory stick option is expensive.
None. Well an extra battery sure wouldn't hurt. 
When you push the button and the actual time it takes the picture lags.Bulky.
size, no case
Like anything else, it's behind technology once you walk out the store.
colors aren't always perfect, LCD screen can be deceptive, only records a maximum of 60 seconds worth of video
Size, Size, Size - and the Flash
A little on the bulky side.
Camera is expensive and pictures less sharp than 35 millimeter film
could do with more pixals
Price, Camera is a Non-Standard size, so Camera Bag is difficult to locate
large size
The flash doesn't work very well at a distance.
about 50$ a battery
a tad cumbersome
big and bulky
Just not the same as film
flash, flash, flash, flash 
Weight,lap time between snaps
resolution not best  if you want to make 8x10's
Battery life is a little short if left on between photos
the price
Pricy, Bulky, Short Battery Life
bulky
Low quality, washed out color, pricey
Camera is physical large compared to other digital camera
Too large and heavy for travel
Slight auto focus lag, kind of expensive.
Disk access time is horrible with floppy or memory stick adapter.
Big &amp; Bulky, Battery Life Short
low light usage
Large form factor, no hot-shoe
Be ready to carry floppys.
Would be nice if it supported the LS-120's or the FDHD 200 Sony Standard
None to date
other cameras have better resolution, and do better in low light
See above.
Bulky, expensive, suffers in low light
close ups hard to focus, battery loses charge even with camera off
Poor night time performance
Limited Flash, no protection for LCD screen
Price, Resolution
The battery door has to stay open when the AC adaptor is in.
price
Price ($950)
none
3.5&amp;quot; Floppy Media! Not a value-packed deal
Picture Quality
odd shape, doesnt fit in ANY case
Weak flash
Pricey, no hot shoe connection for flash
Price and weight
Size/geometry, resolution vs. alternatives
poor low light pictures
none I can think of
The Size and Fixed Lens
Price
Not the same resolution as a photo but....better than a Polaroid
Floppy media means moving parts, price
Capacity
expensive, limited MPEG value
Poor flash
Resolution, Cost
A little expensive
size
I can't find any, it's a great camera
expensive, bulky, somewhat slow
None
heavy, expensive
nuffin...
None yet
high price
photos slightly dark indoors-still great
No red eye reduction
Picture quality not as good as competition's
should have bought it sooner
poor flash; documentation
Not great under low light conditions
Picture save time
Pricey
Low Pixals, Slow recording
Rather large for carrying a long time.
Size
too bulky, can't take on vacation, limited quality and storage
Image resolution
Video feature is pretty useless
bulky
Price
big, flash pics not-so-great
limited space,bulky
Pricy for a mass-produced item; Lack of self timer for MPEGs; Location of Zoom switch
Weak flash, Not the best in &amp;quot;auto&amp;quot; low light
Not for prints over 3x5
size is somewhat awkward
expensive but worth it
CAMERA IS LARGE,MUST BUY CARRYING CASE[NOT INCLUDED],
1/60 second shutter speed  too fast for low light conditions.
Floppy doesn't hold much, low light photos can be grainy (but often fixable)
Don't know of any
Some grain in low light.
Big. Floppies can be good or bad feature.
Not so good in low light, may be bulky for smaller hands
Somewhat complicated to set up, but not bad.
I find the camera a little bulky and thus not &amp;quot;handy&amp;quot; when afield.  Otherwise, no complaints.
cost and a bit bulky
Bulky, reserved mainly for professionals in a climate controlled environment, fragile.
big, low resolution
LCD screen vulnerable to scratching.
Over-all shape could be better.
Bulky, not the best resolution
Bulky, Floppys don't hold much
Sort of pricey
Bulky
a little bulky, pricy memory sticks to replace floppys, only 90min charge time.
Floppy drive causes camera body to be large.
Obsolete printing quality
A little bulky, some think pricey
Price of memory stick
kind of expensive, eats batteries like there is no tomorrow
Pictures aren't as high-quality.
Kinda bulky. Needs larger memory stick. No view finder, just LED dislay.
Bulky, price
floppy disk, expensive 
need the memory stick, disks only hold a few pictures
Heavy, bulky camera, slow taking pictures
A bit bulky.  High compression of images causes some loss of quality.
floppy disk storage, rather large, short battery life
Expensive - Large Size 
Freeze image disables action photography
None
Diskette storage can only handle a few pics/disc in hi-res mode.
none
system lag time between pushing button and taking picture
Could not find any
Unacceptable lag times, POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!! Unwilling to stand by product
very, very, expensive
Very large camera, heavy.
Price, size, no case included
kind of bulky
Too much file compression,Poor motion capture capabilities
Size, recording speed, must use Sony flash
A bit expensive
The batteries run away very fast.
No external battery charger
battery charger; placement of shoulder strap
Very Big, Only Comes w/ One Battery
size
Awkward to hold, limited photo space
Can not get to many pictures on one floppy.
Sony Support is Horrible at best!
Um. Not That Many Pics!
SLOW! Especially With The Memory Stick/Adaptor Combo
Control button to close too bottom of screen for easy manipulation. 
slow processing speed
Takes time to learn functions and how to use camera.
Takes a long time to process print
large unit, costly ($2500)
high price unit and toner
Printer weighs about 100 lbs and not easy to move
Warm up time - but the tip from the tech guy has fixed this
Sucks ink and Xerox service is poor.
slightly grainy prints.
none
I can't think of anything I don't like
Solid Ink can be scraped from paper
I can't think of anything I don't like
Too many to mention
expensive?
high priced unit and toner
Doesn't have many that's why people generally love it. 
Noisy; wastes ink when cleaning jets.
color ink is pricey, but cost per page is ok
7MB Built In Memory
Cheap design of lens cover and usb/AC jack cover (neither stay in place).
None
8MB memory card
Poor, Horrible Quality
Flash range is too short.
Short battery life
requires putting on a lens cover cap, slow shutter speed for fast picture taking
Shutter Lag
Eats batteries, casing may not be the best.
Bad LCD. Battery drainer. Substandard pics.
Short battery life.
Cheap- junky.  Spend $50 more and get something A LOT better!
None, for this price range
No back up memory
NONE since the upgrade
Wish it had an automatic retracting lens cap. 
Eats batteries, BLAND PICTURES!
Delay after snapping photo, poor low light photos
grainy picture quality, bad indoor or low-light outdoor shots
The manual can be a little complicated
Dim LCD Screen. Lousy Lens cap. Hard to get a good grip.
A little small. Have to find a position for your hands to grasp it.
Lens should have an automatic cover.
could use optical zoom
None at all!
Very sensative to light for photo quality.
No optical zoom, Low battery life.
A total piece of crap.
It's junk.
Poor indoor pictures, close ups, and flash.
Battery requires frequent charging you need a spare battery. Mode dial has broken twice.
proprietary and somewhat weak battery, tripod required for non-flash pictures, no optical zoom
The camera only came with a 110 Volt charger. It burned up the first day in England, even though we had a converter. Toshiba is not yet shipping the 220V model, and as a result I had to buy a multi-voltage charger at a camera store in the UK. When I return
using the flash, price, quality of low-res pictures
Battery charge life, no case
tough to get your fingers into wires, lousy software
No carrying case, battery can drain quickly
wish it had more optical zoom...but hey it was only $399
battery life, only 2x zoom
Might be too much for those wanting a simpler camera
no zoom lens
Knob breaks off, and repair exceeds cost of new camera.
I haven't found any.
looks cheap
USB connection to camera, digital zoom
Short battery life, only 2x digital zoom, expensive batteries
slow computer = slow uploading of images 
Pictures with flash a bit muddy, need some correction
Low Battery Life, Long Charge Time
No optical zoom, no USB support for Windows 95, large investment for a first camera
silver color rubs off sometimes, zoom is kinda a waste sometimes
Mode Dial is very likely to fall off.
battery life could be longer
Comes only a wrist strap; a neck strap would be better
Battery life/slightly dark prints.
Lack of mechanical zoom.
batteries drain quickly with LCD use, only equivalent to ISO 100 film..
no internal flash
Sub-par image quality, no optical zoom, you can get a better camera for less
Battery life, picture quality at 800x600, no carrying case
no Optical focus
battery life just slightly low
weak flash, no optical zoom
Battery Drainage /w flash, Bad Lighting=Bad Photos
battery life could be a little longer.
short battery life, forced to recharge often
short battery life, weak flash, no zoom
Camera has been in the shop three times in the first year.
a little slow, difficult to use in low light.
nothing i can think of, oh wait, lens cap
have to press too hard to take picture, red-eye is obvious even with red-eye option on, hard to find accessories
Rubber battery cover, cheap sling, and a stupid plastic lens cover
Slow focus and a bit noisy
battery recharge time
low light focusing is poor
no carrying case, battery autonomy.
macro ability sub par, indoor photo subpar
slow to turn on, no automatic flash
a little pricey, but worth it
May be too pricey!
Turns itself on, low picture quality
No built in flash synch capability, no extra add on lenses yet
picture close ups could be better, no thru lens viewing
Expensive, not as pocket size as PDR-M4
a little pricey
Sleek design, battery life
somewhat fragile, not top-of-the-line resolution, no interchangeable lenses
sensitive to motion in low light
doesn't work
Difficulty with low light focusing, have to stop to focus, &amp;quot;Off&amp;quot; positioning
lens, software that is included
A bit pricey
poor quality pics, very slow
Cheap feel, CRAPPY lens cap
a bit bulky
wish it had more zoom
Too many choice for photo quality
Some lighting issues (but could be user error!)
Eats batteries.. but hello... so do all digital cameras!!!
Clumsy Battery Door
have to keep tape on the battery door,  poor design
Poor battery door, long delay for pictures, poor controls
Confusing to use
underexposes indoor flash pictures. Mode knob broke..common problem!
Manufacturer's Defect in Design, Flash Quality Very Poor, Only 2 Megapixels
Original memory to small
Need to purchase rechargeable  batteries, larger memory card,and AC adaptor.
Battery life, USB/Smart Media Card
Will let you know how patient you aren't
Optional AC adapter
bad battery compartment design.
very high battery consumption
Eats Batteries like snacks
Unacceptably low battery life from standard AA batts, does not include AC Adapter.
Bad service, expensive add-ons
Poor design, and poor connectivity through the USB.
Battery door, needs larger media card.
Battery EATER, USB problems, no ac adapter, Manual on CD
Cheap body
batteries,4 mb mediacard, usb connection
No Power adaptor included - Manual must be printed
low build/design quality
No Battery Charger
Unreliable camera and poor warranty service by Toshiba.  
No AC adapter, only 4MB card
Poor low light performance, terrible lens cap, proprietary battery.
Lens Cap
Lens Cap, Expensive Battery
Battery and charging time
Not particularly attractive.
no lens cap
Complex control interactions
(Minor) Won't download USB direct with Windows 95 - takes 98 or above.  Can hear the auto focus, auto aperture during movies with low background noise.
Prompts can be a bit confusing.
Relatively short battery life
low noise during video, a little bulky.
Kind of pricey
poor ergonomics, uses smartmedia
None
Nose smudge on LCD monitor
autofocus not reliable, ergonomics, manual features menu, noisy zoom
Expensive, bulky
Too small, hard to tell if camera responds.
lens cap... that's about it
$$$
MANY DIFFERENT SETTINGS. PUT AWAY FOR A WHILE AND YOU FORGET HOW TO USE IT.
a bit pricey, lens cap
USB transfer not very fast. No zoom. Only 1.3 megapixel.
Poor quality.  Quickly consumes batteries.  No picture viewer on camera.
blurriness, no flash, not very durable.
fragile, unreliable 
Unreliable, poor Quality Control, no zoom
Long time to take picture
Heavy battery drain when LCD on, use rechargeables for best economy.
not too easy to set up if you dont have the required setup
terrible quality
Needs Windows 98 at least and USB Ports.
none
-
picture quality
Production looks rushed. Manual missing features! &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quality control may mar otherwhise excellent product.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Few extras.
Production looks rushed. Manual missing features! Quality control concerns. Few extras.
Extremely fragile.  I had a DOA already.  No Flash, sometimes blurry pictures.
You loose your camera settings when it's powered off.
Off center viewfinder, poor quality images.
Mode and select buttons are very small.
Accompanying software is too simple.  All you need is Adobe Photoshop.
Blurry Photos With No Memory Card 
Ridiculous that one single button controls all the modes.
battery eater, horrible menu, but you get what you pay for
Control system must have been designed by a congressional sub-committee.
no lcd picture preview.
No real "fancy" functions. No digital display for previewing. 
Really bad directions
Non intuitive controls, no zoom, and tends to over or underexpose pictures
Slightly slow menu navigation, times out on you to quick.
Mediocre quality pictures, functions are limited.
A secondary photo program(such as photoshop elements 2.0) is necessary to get great pics.
options are not easy to get to, huge lag
Poor instructions.  Settings hard to understand.
60 second auto-off, Flash defaults to OFF.
Awful in low light, never ready when you are.
Hard to take good pictures
grainy pictures , frustrating .....
Manual not good
Poor close-ups, worthless as a webcam, hard to line up a good framed shot
This Vivitar is the worst possible quality
Poor picture quality, large and bulky camera, disposes of batteries in a flash
poorly made, eats batteries, pictures are not always the right color
film does not advance
Bad quality pictures, very battery-hungry
no a/c adapter,  eats batteries, doesn't last long
Cheaply Made,  VERY POOR CONSUMER SUPPORT, expensive to use because of batteries, not reliable 
breaks after two months, not durable as expected, turned out to be a heap of junk
Quality
Battery life, picture resolution, lighting problems, sturdiness of camera
Poor Picture, cheaply made, not reliable, high battery drain
Would have been nice to have an adapter included.
A real battery eater!
No lens cover
No lens cover
No included AC adapter, the whole "doesn't freakin' work" thing is a big con too.
Battery Life, durability, stubborn device, slow start up time, LCD is not 1.6!!!
A bit slow to start and between pictures, uses a lot of battery.
Battery Life, Durability, Focus Range, No AC Adapter
Poor Battery Life and no AC Adapter Included
Not too good at closeups of flowers.
Focus range begins at 4 feet, lens unprotected.
as with other digitals, battery life is horrible.  No directions with software
On the expensive side. 
very very short battery life.  Did not work with provided photo software
makes my computer crash
Documentations may not be as thorough to explain features.
No USB Connect, Poor Zoom Quality, Low Battery Life
Error in online spec sheet.  No USB.  No Win2K/XP. Slow LCD and next picture.
battery life
none for me
Zoom causes fuzzy images. Date and Time gone when batteries gone.
Mine didn't come with a memory card
Directions are terrible
Only 2x zoom, does not work with Windows XP.
Light duty construction.
Bad quality at night even with flash, sometimes out of focus, Bad 2X Digital Zoom
Eats batteries, No Zoom/Wideangle adjustment button, Slow auto Focus
Location of LCD screen; batteries sometimes jar loose and reset time/date.
No AC adapter, LCD and USB Kills battery's 
Very Stripped, no lens cap or filter, and the LCD is useless in sunlight.
batteries get used up fast, nothing else comes to mind.
EATS Batteries!!! Horrible low light focus
Turns off when it should'nt. Kills batteries.Etc.
EATS BATTERIES!!! Buy the save cartridge or it only takes 10 pictures!!!
Impossible to take pictures in the dark even with flash. Batteries die fast. 
Will eat batteries in less than a day if you are not careful.
Eats batteries, LCD not visible in sun, hard to take picture, turns off
Only 2x zoom
Horrible battery life, turns off randomly and must re-input date/time
You will get NO customer service.
Must read manual to operate properly, no AC adaptor 
HARD TO FIND ONE
Print quality is not as good as a more expensive printer
Nothing worked right
Noisy, a little hard to install
paper feeds from the top
print quality, paper tray
Poor, uneven, print quality.
assembly is difficult
Ink hungry
Bulk.  Noise.  So-so Print Quality.
haven't found any yet
Can't find one yet!
Noisy at start up and no USB port.
Expensive toner cartridge, doesn't handle cardstock, not good with graphics.
Graphics, replacement toner cartridge cost
short printer cord
makes spots on the pages
um, dust can cause issues. no real problems
Questionable quality and occasional smudging.
Poor print quality; expensive cartridges
No Linux support
doesn't handle cardstock or thicker envelopes well
toner expense, dust
off/on switch is in a bad location, uses your PC 's memory
Smearing
graphics quality, requirement for lots of computer memory
Everything. It does not print properly
expensive ink
Ink not available everywhere.
obvious manufacture cost cutting, lousy workmanship
none found
Ink cartridges not sold in every store
Too many to list
frequent paper misfeeds, poor color quality, slower print time
paper jams
Low Budget Machine with Major Paper-Path Problems
Slow
Quite a few
mediocre color quality
paper feed
everything but print quality, bad bad bad
ink runs out quickly, 'dumb' peripheral
Replacement ink cartridges
Expensive Cartridges, Lousy Tech Service from India, Overpriced, Faulty Paper Sensor, Time Waste 
master of none
price of cartridges, broken feeder, no service locally, poor customer service
It is a piece  of junk
doesn't scan pictures well
The scanner and fax are really bad
Reliability
Uses a lot of ink.
trouble with the ink cartridge
Cannot utilize all the functions!!
The ink cartridge is expensive.
Can be a bit tough to set up.
Price of ink cartridges
Expensive ink cartridges
Small problems, USB port and power problem
sometimes quits printing work in progress
Vibration, noise
Scan refuses to work.  Incompatible with Windows XP.  Compatibility software written by Xerox inadequate. 
Software is a nightmare.  Very unstable.  Technical support is NONEXISTENT.  
Drivers conflict with Internet, Fax Option Dropped
Ink runs out fast at $12.95 a cartridge, need 4 cartridges each time
No stand-alone fax capability
Support, quality, durability
Support, quality, reliability
Scanner never worked, Document feeder frequently jams, Always had to hard boot
Is does not work often.
Continuous problems, Not the quality product I had hoped for!!!
Photo reproduction is not as crisp as HP
Toner is a bit expensive
expensive in reality
not for high volume copiers
The automatic document feeder has learned how to chew up paper.
Glitchy error messages at times when there shouldn't be.  Inconsistant quality.
Toner and drum units seem expensive. Found toner at Sam's for $89.00 though. Quite noisy.
Extremely slow, noisy and black and white comes out very poorly with black splotches..
Bad driver for USB, expensive toner.
slow, expensive cartridges, color printing does not match colors on screen, faulty software
none
ink cartridges hard to find/are expensive, my scanning part is slow now
Very Expensive Ink Cartilage, Very Slow
SLOW!!!, Expensive cartridges
not the best hardware
Expensive ink, slowish printing, complicated setup.
pricey cartridges
Slower print rate, cost of ink cartridges
print quality is only very good when using high-quality paper, expensive ink cartridges
None
Slow, No stand alone fax
Scanning is VERY slow and not very good quality
tray location, defaulted to color printing and copying
Nothing yet!
none that I have found
Doesn't handle Windows 2000 OS, Slower scanning and printing than other products, Freezes WIN 98 op system, EXPENSIVE!!  Print Cartridges a bit spendy!!
Defaults to color for copying
Took two hours to properly install; sluggish speed (especially when scanning)
Slow Copier, Costly Ink Cartridge
Control Panel looks intimidating, but is easy once you know what all the buttons do.
poor battery life, dropped calls, volume fluctuates without the users' control
Ringer volume can only be adjusted by going into the menu; can't re-label phone numbers
Battery rated for only three hours of talk time
N/A
No Camera, Girly Design, Ok Reception
No camera
no camera phone or bells and whistles. Very basic other than color screen.
The reception is not to good.
1. The spontaneous freezing
Too small; bad voice reception, ringer volume too low and hard to change
not reliable, not the best screen savers, not many features
Bad reception and VERY poor sound quality
Horrible sound quality and reception.  Lots of dropped calls.
See above
Camera has a lower pixel count than some others, no added XD memory card.
No MP3 player, no WiFi, no expandable memory, camera, choppy MPEG4 video, mediocre talk time.
Camera, takes getting used to, mediocre battery
Price, pretty wide, need to create new phone entries for voice dialing
side buttons, shiny phone surface loves smears, video records nothing
keys "sweat" on the screen, talk time is 'eh', no full mp3's
Certain menu navigations; Width
No games were included with phone, Nick had to download a few.
No MP3 or iTunes, some basic functions are subscription-only, sub-par instruction manual.
Does not feel durable, earpiece volume not very loud.
No memory expandability, slightly sluggish user interface.
Isn't necessarily superior to other phones in call quality.
battery life is par, can't play mp3s, cannot add memory
I can't really think of anything wrong
At sub-$100 prices, relatively none, except that they will become less rare
poorly designed hard to grip and marginal sound quality
Poor engineering. Lacks some important features, others don't work right.
No true multi-contact phone book. Hard to use counter-intuitive menus - VERY SLOW OS response!
It receives far too much flak from people
No video recording capability
slow bootup, plastic battery case, mediocre camera, no street addresses
No MP3 or GPS
fingerprint smudges, okay camera, pricy with no plan
Battery Life, Layout, Bluetooth, Speakerphone, Speed.
Motorola user interface requires too many prompts to complete a task.
Short battery-life, Not the cutting edge
Camera is weak, durability stinks and BEWARE if you plan on using the Bluetooth feature.
No direct-connect headset port, dim outter display
Too many performance issues (see detailed review).
Fragile Internals
Durability, Ergonomics, Flat Keypad and Battery Life.
Phonebook features are basic
no external card memory, small menu keys
Phonebook is a pain.
Camera, Internet too easy to get too by mistake
Button traces on the screen. Service plans cost too much. 200 bucks.
See Below
old menus and os. no memory, no ir, no mp3/fm, bad camera
Voice Recognition not so good with background noise
Clunky interface, dim outer screen, no removable memory.
Phonebook support, battery life, SMS support, buggy BT
Camera needs a few more pixels.
Poor Buttons, confusing menu's
Not smart enough to include a few gaskets to keep it dry.
Only thing is it's a bit expensive, but WELL worth it!
Possible software problems,inconvenience of replacements,very fragile if dropped,very minimal accessories, Bluetooth sux
A drop-in charger would be nice.
Ugly pictures, no video, crummy battery, weirdly yellowing buttons, can't download or text message
Sound quality and phone quality problems.
scratches very easily, not enough memory for photo capacity and text  messaging.
Kept falling out of my pocket, can get scratched.
Um, see the rest. Basically everything haha
HAVE TO HOLD THE PHONE DIRECTLY OVER THE EAR TO HEAR WELL!
All the hype without the performance makes this an awful purchase.
Camera, Side Buttons, No MP3s, Videos
Slippery, low volume, poor usability/navigation, weak backlight, Bluetooth optimized for Motorola headsets only.
The phone lacks ergonomics and you end up hunting for the controls.
Address book and calendar layout, placement of web-button and typical phone camera.
No way to sync with PC out of the box.
Talktime, lousy menu navigation, useless features, cost
firmware; gui; poor camera quality; no EDGE or UTMS support; small RAM size
Fragile. Not Built for life. LCD screens die. No recurring alarms.
Slow Processor (booting phone), VGA Camera, No memory expansion, MIC could be louder.
Extremely poor functional design. Overpriced, overhyped and developmentally challenged product of poor engineering.
Poor contact management, can't feel keys, No IR port, Poor battery life with Bluetooth enabled
Video camera for stills only (not all phones)
Price, text messaging, and whiskers (see review)
small memory, slow menu sometimes
short battery time, somewhat slow - sometimes
Choppy videos, Interface sometimes slow or freezes up, Camera drains battery
Read the review.
Features, Keys, Less User friendly...
Not simple to operate, number keys can be cumbersome, gets smudged and dirty easily.
very poor battery life : almost not usable
Setting up the functions, doesn't ring long enough for me.
Phone's menu orientation better than earlier Motorolas but still baffeling at times.
can't hear it ring, small font, menu clumsy
can't hear the phone ring if it's in a purse or pocket!!!  small font, doesn't display number when called (I like to confirm I called the cell or home number), menu takes too long to navigate, if you store pix with someone's number, the display when they call is so small that you can't see it
Horrendous warranty/repair service
slow, unresolved design, poor camera, poor viewing outside
Buttons on side, VOICE RECOGNITION DIALING!!!
Clunky interface. Address Book management a pain. Volume issues. Persistent buzzing required new phone.
Bad customer support; internal speaker prone to moisture damage
Hard to see screen in sunlight
Verizon limits the functionality.
Hard to use, poor sound.
Its a piece of crap
Low volume, irritating buzzing noise, poor batt life
Side buttons, speakerphone, voice calling.
Behaves strangely, battery dies quickly, price
Cuts out randomly with calls, screen freezes.
reception is poor
poor phonebook design
haven't seen any!
Thin, but wide. Battery life is average. Price is kind of high. Gets dirty easily.
none
Everyone has one!
Crashes frequently, hangs dropped calls, poor signal strength, poor customer service/return policy.
Soon this phone will be known as an Edsel.
none really
Keypad is tricky sometimes, size can be challenging.
Sound, Speakerphone, Camera, Phone Book, Missing Date, Software, Features
Poor reception, dropped calls, static.  Poor volume. At best fair battery life.
Would prefer about 1/2 inch shorter
Battery life is not long enough. The camera is really cheesy.
camera is only 1.3mp, internal memory is only 5.5mb
Slow, Voice Dialing doesn't work, practically everything about the phone.
Runs slow, could use more memory, and doesn't have the MP3 player option
Same old Moto menu system...
"I'm sorry, could you repeat that?" "Say again?" "What was that?" "Huh?"
All of my calls are dropped, shuts off for no reason, screen repeatedly goes blank
Maybe to small and thin for some.
Screen gets dirty easily, poor battery life
not enough internal memory
Just make sure you buy it from somewhere other than Cellular Choice.
takes awhile to get use to the flat key pad, but not to long
Unreliable! Get the extended warranty! Screen problems! Not that user-friendly
Problems with keypad, face, charger
Confusing to figure everything out at first, hard to dial numbers without looking at keyboard
Lousy speaker sound; takes long to boot up from off position.
Breaks easily, and can sometimes have internal problems depending on the phone itself.
somewhat pricy, no video camera
Easily scratched, phonebook, outdated software platform, and no media expansion for camera.
Motorola has horrible/no customer service
Questionable durability.
No Video Taking
Not many features, Camera is not that great.
It will cost you #200
Scratches easily (needs case
Hard to use, lacks features, below average battery, expensive, software SUCKS....
battery life, side on/off button
Heats up, bad menu for verizon, upgrade in April 2006.
bluetooth did not work with my car, menus, phonebook, computer sync.
The technology and memory space!!
Reception, Dropped calls, Vibrate too soft,(can't feel in pocket)
Cant think of any.
reception was a little more troublesome than my old phone
Shows fingerprints easily. Cost is relatively high.
cannot hear person you are speaking to, slow internet browser, camera takes poor pictures
Poor earpiece volume, feels fragile at times, stock software is useless
one software problem with sound
Awful sound quality, screen gets smudges
Smaller battery so shorter battery life thank larger phones.
received/missed call log is COMBINED into one list of only 6 calls
Reception/Signal Strength, poor sound quality, lame address book software
Price
Camera light's a joke.  Buddy's a rat.  What, all this stuff and no Bluetooth?
No Bluetooth (and hey, we can work around that).
Side buttons, no 1.2MP camera, poor space for ringers/applications, no PC data synch.
Bad speaker phone. No Bluetooth.
No Bluetooth...but that is not a priorty...
For a little more money you can get more phone in the Sanyo 5600!
Haven't found any yet.
can be more durable, speakerphone could be slightly improved
Occasionally does not ring on incoming calls.
ring tones are annoying.  does not have very many features.
Simplistic factor (if you're into multi-function units)
screen blacks out, trouble running tzones
scratches and dents too easily, can't charge phone using USB data cable.
Looks a big cheap
became defective after 10 months
No time display while connected.
Clarity - no.
Battery life, cheap black plastic styling case
Control paddle a little fiddly
Frustratingly short battery life, minor Sonyeric functionality limitations, smallish memory and camera, no EDGE
Bluetooth can be very tempramental, slow data transfer, meagre built in memory.
Joystick, batterly life, memory not expandable/upgradeable, and no custom sms ringtone.
Keys are a bit small, battery life is not great compared to a 6310i
Battery life, candy bar design,weak structure,camera blurry, limited memory, buttons hard, slow application
sub-par Video, horrible ring tones, a whole bunch of petulant features
I really can't think of any, maybe price?? However you get what you pay for!
Weird ringtones, main directional navigation button can be tricky.
2.5hr talking battery life, unable to resize text on main screen, small memory, camera resolution
Ring tones, wallpapers etc.
Few HEADSET options. SCROLL button design needs a rethink and RING TONES are the worst.
This phone really doesn't have any cons, it's really just a matter of preference.
Battery life, styling, 5-way select button that is difficult to push straight down
the color, rubber bumpers on sides get dirty quickly, camera quality is very low.
The num pad is a little soft. Not very responsive.
it's just a shame that there's no radio included!!
Doesn't have enough storage for photos & videos.
unreliable and no support.
Sometimes message transmission is slower than usual...
Battery needs charging almost daily
no T9 word bank
Case is easily scratched or chipped; true audio ringtones sound garbled (polyphonic is ok)
Durability, Lack of Speakerphone, Ringtones, BATTERY!
Camera can easily turn on.
slow, poor quality camera, lousy usability
No bluetooth, no pc connect, no foreign use, Verizon only.
Mediocre service; battery life; Small memory; limited fancy features; doesn't sync with other electronic devices
Battery life could be better, Verizon customizations suck and callers can be hard to hear.
limited memory, no mp3 ringtone support
Poor camera, easy to scratch, ear jack is hard to open.
-video is useless
Lack of some features, echo and dust can get in external screen.
Camera stopped working right after my warranty expired, No Features no pc interface
Phone's key pad can get hot
low battery life
Major design flaw in flip hinge
Doesn't have anything special other than just a camera phone.
No speakerphone option, rudimentary PIM application
battery life, cheesy onscreen graphics
No outside display screen,
Lasted barely a year.
No speakerphone, no camera (but it's not a camera phone!)
Nothing.
Locks up
Phone gets hot after a long time of use.
dosen't have a speaker phone function, paint scratches easily, no camera, cheasy backgrounds
gets skin-graft hot after a while. has like, 3 ringtones.
Could be slimmer and lighter; no removable media and it does not view attachments.
Very unreliable
Charging defect, counter-intuitive interface.
Horrible engineering of UI/OS
difficult faceplate removal, no mp3 player, speaker phone stays on when phone is closed
Defective parts.
Unreliable, poor software
Speakerphone doesn't turn off when you close the flip;
poor reception, unreliable, poorly made.
lack of functions, confusing interface
Battery life
Horrible manual, no belt clip
See Review
Charger, Charging, Battery, Frustrating to use
No games, very little ringtones/wallpaper. Internet use costly.
Battery life and screen graphics.
No good ringtones...
-Weak Vibration
Not good for organizing, not intuitive enough.
Reliability, durability, battery life, construction.
Maybe just a little bit thick, and because it's new -- it's still expensive
New technology sometimes needs to work out the kinks
Pricy, odd menus, poor user guide.
Battery life, a bit complicated to program
Lack of good datebook, limited ringtones included. Not loud enough.
Bluetooth is dismal, unit is quirky, requires regular rebooting, lacking in usability.
Battery life
Software STINKS!
Ringtone Options, Picture Integration
Battery Life, Looks, Earpiece heats up, heavy for a fliptop, Crappiest Manual for a phone.
Only a VGA camera (but the pics are good for being VGA), No expandable memory
annoying side button noise, a bit bulky, bad organizer, currency converter, cingular branding annoying
No alarm clock status icon, alarm doesn't sound if phone is off.
weak battery, cheap construction, typical flip phone woes.
No true multi-contact phone book. Annoyingly sensitive, side volume/ alert button. Calendar alerts questionable.
Drops calls, poor navigation, expensive proprietary cables.
Short battery life
no notepad program; predictive text is confusing
Battery life. Signal strength.
Car charger and calls problem.
Battery life with prolonged bluetooth usage.
Vibrate then ring starts ringing too soon.
Camera is hazy, can't view missed calls list, bad battery life
cord shorted out
cheap construction, bad antenna, hard to lose
wish there was more memory.
Bulky, drops calls, camera not good
Ringtones, ringtones, ringtones...did I mention lack of ringtones? Confusing internet navigation.
vague manual
Volume horribly low, voicemail inefficient
Voice recognition, phonebook, manual
Battery Life, no belt clip, some dropped calls and phone freezes once in blue moon.
Weak reception, needs frequent recharging and rather boring.
Speaker is horrible..
charger acts up
Battery life, dropped calls, charging time
to numerous to write.-not enough room on this page.
The location of the voice record button makes it easy to accidentally hit.
annoying junk messages,scratches easy
Pouring Java apps into this unit is tricky.  Screen washes out in sunlight.
Dropped calls, reception, keypad layout, no decline button.
Extremely poor battery life, Poor customer service and false advertising
can't hear callers after only 7 months!, poor battery life, sluggish
connection to charger, menu layout, camera.
Charging problems.  Audio output problems.
everything else
Powering Off!!!, Battery Life
The phone just goes bad and it needs to be replaced by your provider.
Dropped calls, static, battery life is terrible
Reception, Camera, Java, IM, Crashes
extremely unreliable
speaker doesn't work, charging is frustrating
BATTERY LIFE, reception
Lots of technical glitches
camera doesnt not take good pictures at all
Size, feels somewhat flimsy sometimes.
Drops calls consistantly...terrible reception...inadequate volume...
too loud, sounds horrible, battery life, the manual, ease of use.
Everything. Except that it's blue.
average picture quality, bumping side of phone can cause ring setting change
BAD BAD BAD (did I mention bad?) reception
Absolutely awful software programing.
Motorola ripped me off, and I hope the company goes bankrupt.
Battery life has diminished somewhat over time.
can't close the phone when on speaker phone, ugly, plain
B&W external display, poorly placed volume rocker
Bulky, outside has black and white screen, and flash isn't that great
None.
Lack of Bluetooth, fast deminishing battery life while searching for a signal.
Camera is wimpy, side keys get pressed accidentally
Bulky when you have an Extended Battery, only holds 60 pictures.
PHONE SHUTS OFF! Terrible reception, bad side buttons, slow processor.
reception could be better, side buttons, volume can be strange.
Bulky, heavy, no bluetooth
No games, Drive Mode is pretty useless, annoying side buttons, chunky. Speakerphone, Poor flash
Side buttons are always triggering and beeping.  Poor software and poor menu navigation.
The flash on the camera could be better... but its a phone, not a camera
Gets hot, poor sound quality, even worse speakerphone sound quality, side buttons get pushed
craftsmanship, quality
battery life
LEMON when it comes to where you charge the phone causing you to LOSE everything!!
DROPS CALLS...DROP CALLS...PIX-MESSAGING feature does not work after a while...
CHARGER CLIP FALLS OUT. I HATE IT.
Side buttons, Bad reception, Dropped calls
They dont have the option to block restricted calls like motorollas do.
Speaker requires open phone, dropped calls, no self-portrait on camera, side buttons inadvertently operate phone.
Very slight fuzziness during some calls.
Non-intuitive command structure and operation, cumbersome driving (hands free) driving mode, weak documentation.
I'm still waiting for my second replacement
Analog external display, bulky, thick, design
Drops calls.  Reception is horrible.  Must pay to do ANYTHING on this phone and service.
The side keys are a bit too sensitive and it is a bit bulky.
"Digital command" button poor location and irritating.
Dropping features unexpectedly and permanently. I take very good care of my phone.
Drops alot of calls, side buttons can operate while inside pocket.
The earpiece volume is a bit low but i may be going deaf!
Side buttons pressed, switches to speaker, bad camera, quality, size limits, etc etc etc
Scratches easily
cant find personal ringtones for it
battery/ear piece jack/softwear issues
Slightly bigger than other similar flip-phones
no bluetooth/infrared no games, weak battery
Verizon charges per Video/Photo sent, LCD Screen on outside vulnerable to damage.  Rather expensive.
Doesn't have a speakerphone or Bluetooth technology
Little bit of a learning curve, slightly expensive, no vibe+ring
Had to replace once, nothing else. This phone is excellent.
No Speakerphone, should be compatible with new Verizon VCAST
Dropping calls like a SOB, cant see time on outside lcd without pushing side button.
no speaker phone, no vibe+ring, doesn't remember time
Nothing.
Rings could be louder, no feedback from microphone to earpiece.
Location of camera lens, ringer low when phone is open, glare during the day
None yet, though it has dropped a few calls. That's Verizon, not the phone.
ringers ringers ringers.  not loud enough and crappy selection. menus are not straight forward
Retail price is high, no speakerphone, no games.
No speakerphone
Bit large, surface scratches easy (get lambskin cover), battery life diminishes fast while talking ~2hr
doesn't hold charge as long as i would like.
Larger Than Average in Size.
tiny screen, terrible color quality, poor quality camera, no card storage and MORE
Backlighting, numeric keyboard, phonebook
Poor quality camera.
Low res for camera and recorder, sensative keys, low speakerphone volume.
Crappy camera, terrible colors and poor speaker volume, does not support MP3s
games, computer connectivity.
tiny, hard to read keys.
Bad quality overall; camera, ring-tones, graphics are all bad.
Pricey.  Cannot associate sound per contact - only groups.  Cannot add groups.
Caller Id on the inside instead of the outside.
Feature poor, bad value, mediocre reception, not-so-great interface.
No "Get It Now" feature, back panel sometimes hard to remove
No "Get It Now" feature; no internet access (so harder to get ring tones, etc)
NO JAVA, NO INTERNET ACCESS, NO GAMES
Overpriced for what you get. Flimsy antennae
Nextel Customer service, on-line customer service is a joke.
black only
You have to press the on/off key hard to turn the phone on
I have to get used to a new button configuration.
kind of "huge" comparing to today's cell phones
Not a flip phone, not many "bells and whistles"
Rotten manual; horrible built-in ringtones; stiff power button
Few USABLE extras, boxy/bulky, few SMART/multimedia features
Experienced phone users may find it too simplistic.
Not a lot of "extras" if that's your cup of tea.  A bit large.
- Proprietary data cable
annoying ringtones
A bit on the annoyingly oversized side.
Buttons are hard to push, operation is initially confusing
not very stylish or trendy
Manual written by geeks and hard to understand
For people looking for fancy or feature-filled phones, this phone has (very) little to offer.
not a flip phone, could withstand more of a beating, try a motorola?
Size and reception.
screen gets dusty and u cant clean some things unclear in manual
Fussy keys & feels delicate, Lack of sync software.
not a thing
Some what cheap feeling, bad face plates
If your vain and need the tiniest phone it's not for you then.
The screen looks dim and washed out.
none so far
No Speakerphone
Slightly sticky buttons.
Keys are easily bumped..wished I had a hard case for it.
Buttons a bit mushy
Gucky Nokia ringtones.
- None with phone
Lousy battery life.
too many to list here....
cheap feel, crappy camera, speakerphone not clear/loud, antenna, voicedial cumbersome, batterylife
Everything else
small screen, below average camera, default ring tones a bit whimpy.
Everything else, no games, Don't touch this phone, litterally! (read the full review for explanation)
plastic "cheap" keypad, small screen, phone directory
A bit large, does feel "cheap", extra features don't work well.
Weak camera, screen could be bigger.
- Inexplicable software bugs
Poor reception, Easily Scrated, Wallpapers and Ringtones suck.
Camera is useless.  Buttons on keypad and sides could be improved.
-Poor reliability
Battery, notification volume control, everything else
Poor Camera
Small buttons - easy to misdial, screen resolution poor
Flimsy Durability
The camera absolutely sucks
Complicated, 3-way calling, speaker phone is staticky,camera takes Horrible-fuzzy pictures.
Worst phone ever made. Trash, don't waste your money on them.
Dropped calls, poor battery life, user unfriendly.
mic gets dirty easy, camera pics not so good.
Slim line battery makes you have to charge your phone EVERY DAY!
Only expect a couple of months of use
Speakerphone is not a great quality
Small LCD, overall huge phone, and non-color.
No outer display
Large size compared to most units in the market.
Battery life
In the era of colorscreen phones and downloadable ringtones, this phone isn't feature rich.
Poor garbled/muffled sound quality...both ways due to Nextels 6-1 network...NOT a coverage issue.
Not a long term phone.
does not pick up in some places
Functionality / Service / Up-to-date capabilities
leather case isn't great, not always getting the best reception.
Lack of features found on other phones, battery life dwindles after a while.
VERY short battery life, no outside display
you cant hear well with the small speaker
not reliable!
lost the service due to plug being struck by lightining.
Non-Color Screen.  No external screen.
color, flip(breaks easier)
Best phone yet.
Slightly bulkier than other clamshell phones
Maybe they could've included one free video game at least?
The FA-LA-LA outside display disco light show when the phone rings for incoming calls. UGH!!!
Large flip design, no speaker phone, cheap leather case
battery life in my area, poor coverage
Antenna protrudes a bit far for my liking. No display when flip is closed.
keypad backlight sometimes delayed when opening
Torturous belt clip; battery on its last breath; no alarm clock.
Too expensive for what it is (i710 phone, and service).
Very unreliable, what doesn't stink about it?
not very durable
bulky, expensive
Expensive, no new faceplates, a bit big
Camera Quality, Plastic Housing On Battery
short battery life, quirky ObeyMoto voice recognition
Battery life is decent at best. Phones width is annoying.
Buttons are a little unwieldy, camera is low quality, and bluetooth is not fully functional.
Poor manual
Bluetooth Implementation
Unreliable extras, battery life, side buttons.
Cost, locked features
Disabled data transfer
lousy menus, horrible keys, overpriced, crappy camera. annoying beeps no battery life
Substandard reception and software glitches.
Poor camera, weak vibrate mode, horrible keys
Picture and video quality, Bluetooth crippled by Verizon.
Price. Same lousy charger as the 720s.  Ringtones.
Too many to list with 15 words.
Nothing major enough to list here.
mp3 ringtones are marginal, phone speaker is finicky about ear position
Camera quality, lockups, file corruption, price
Camera-phone, durability, re-charging.
Bad pictures at night time, Battery Life, Slighly oversized
Really just too many to list:  The worst software, crappy phone, horrid battery life
A little bigger than what most people would be into, but no big deal.
CAMERA & MUSIC QUALITY COULD BE A BIT BETTER.
-Flimsy Charger
Other than crippled Bluetooth, no cons!
Not Really Fully Bluetooth<p> Durability<p>
Keypad, camera and features suck. Bluetooth basic. Size is bigger than most phones.
Phone book, camera in dark/night conditions
Scrathes Easy
Verizon version is crippled.  Voice recorder is unreliable.  PC sync doesn't work properly
Horrible build quality and charging problems
DO NOT PURCHASE THROUGH VERIZON WIRELESS!!!
Menu display right in the middle of the wallpaper, Battery life, Weight, individual contact info.
Everything else.
Ring tones, Pictures, Battery, Battery, Battery....
Belt clip case lasted only 4 months, keypad,
Battery life, Cost
Screen a bit difficult to view in bright light
Color Screen in Outdoor Light, Phone freezes
No external caller ID (this would make it perfect!)
Old design, no camera, not offered by Cingular anymore
No external display.
Boring---not many features, no speakerphone.
These phones just are not reliable.
No external screen, limited ring tones with original phone
nothing
Sad organizer and calendar functions and lackluster phonebook.
Wap is hard to navigate through, and volume cannot go very high.
Manual, sunlight, ringtones, vibration
No way to save downloaded ringtones to the SIM card, no normal ringtones
battery life
Ring/Vibrate could be louder/stronger, faceplate dents easily, charger port cover is not tethered to phone.
ring tones and games are only saved on the phone,
LCD screens only have a six month lifespan, ringtones are quite sketchy
Shopping around for the best price
Price, loses reception easily
Small keys, keys placed too close together, reliability
can't see the display in the sun
Not durable. Horrid reception.
No frills.  No camera, bluetooth, mp3, speakerphone.
Quiet ringtones, Wap browser not reliable
none
not enough interchangeable face plates
To accomodate its large screen, the phone is not super-slim.  The menu could be better.
Stops abruptly.
Lack of Business Like Ring Tones
Minor features wish had
Listed in review
no speaker phone
Not a clam shell - no wow! factor.
Battery life can be better, I wish that there were some games already pre-loaded.
Well it does lacks in some of the modern day features that other phones have
Physically larger & heavier than some.  Nokia DKU-5 computer link software has bugs.
Backlight goes out a little too quickly .
Charger doesn't work in Europe, polished black upper part gets smudged easily, difficult to open
Bad reception/internal antenna, navigation hard to use, uncomfortable for ear, hard to open.
it's tiny. no USB cable or software in the box.  the included games are weak.
Sub-par quality photos, small, easy-to-scratch finish
buttons too small
bad camera, settings, navigation key, scratches up and shows finger prints
picture quality,battery life,bad games
Its buttons are too small. Camera quality is very poor.
Terrible reception and volume, screen freezes, settings change when plugged into a charger
Stiff "1" key, which requires wearing-in. Difficult to open.
Reception is okay, no automatic flash for camera, flip moves around a bit when closed.
Software interface can still confuse some
Horrible service in the CNY area, poor video quality, snapshot noise when photo is taken
Unreliable; Doesnt sync calender/phone/mail with computer
Very little phone-to-PC connectivity. Hard to find accessories. Small buttons.
Pricey, still bulky, poor picture quality, etc.
Battery_life_when_using_camera,external_screen_doesnt_relly do_anything,_flip_moves_side_to_side_a_little bit.
Earpeice volume a wee bit low, shortish talk time
Call volume insufficient in noisy environments; alarm function quit working.
volume not that loud
Mediocre display, limited features
flat headset plug that comes off easily, volume too low for me
Ugly headset plug, not really an update
No easy volume controls
Hard to text message
Very little - handsfree attatchment is weak.
* Antenna
Not enough features
No camera, no music tones, only polyphonic ringtones.
The 3120 looks better, but u can put the 3120 face plates on your 3100.
Awful, awful, awful reception
battery life seems low, pin charger failed
Inaccurate Voice Dial, somewhat expensive without discounts
None for me.  It works great as a phone.
Low Battery Life, Doesn't hold up well
No User Guide Book included (PDF only). Phone menu options: inconsistent.  Ease-of-use: terrible.
Not enough backlight settings, Charges sporadically or not at all without meticulous attention.
headset and other jacks not durable, requires phone jacket to prevent damage
Had nothing but problems with charging the phone
You need to be careful of hitting the correct number - but really nothing else!
design of phone, gets lots or scratches quickly!
Durability, reception, picture quality, speed dial
Had to replace after 6 weeks
Limited Camera, Menus slightly harder to use, 5-way navigator bit awkward, Build Quality?
Photo Quality Not Good, Battery Life Easily Drained
some might find a battery life of 2.5 hours limiting; no analog roaming
no speakerphone or flash or zoom on camera
Durability, Battery Life
Tight hinge/difficult to open with one hand, camera only good in bright light
No analog roaming ability limits the phone's range. No external "message waiting" indicator.
Signal sometimes, No Color Exterior Display, 20 Pics Tops for Camera
battery life, lack of standard(free) features
no lock for outside buttons, protective case makes for inconvenient charging.
Poor quality control, single mode (digital), high vulnerability to moisture, very low reliability.
very kiddish, bad camera, complicated phone book, sometimes drops calls after slight abuse.
Ring tones aren't so great, hard to find numbers with fingers without looking
Short battery life.
Battery life, Picture memory, Application costs
Leather case has to be removed for base charger use.
No speakerphone, but i would never use it. No flash, but that's a battery killer.
bad image quality, not much difference in terms of service, extra money for image transferring
has some seriously poor thought out design issues.
Poor quality, poor voice dialing, unseemly pricing of options by Verizon, can't easily download pictures
Battery life doesn't last very long
Constant quality problems.
Battery life after several months!
Navigation buttons too small.  Gets a little warm after long use.
NOT reliable!Buy the extended warranty!  The computer voice-really hard to understand.
Low picture resolution, no speaker phone, ringtones need to be louder on high
Mobile internet could be better
a bit too smooth and rounded which is why I've dropped mine a few times.
Is quite large, and lacking bluetooth
battery life, can only store 20 pics, not the best looking phone out there
wierd shut off problems
Not good quality phone.
Signal, Connection, Small buttons, cheap make, easily dented/scuffed, no speakerphone
They won't recall this phone for crappiness.
bad clip, annoying voicemail alert, no speakerphone, grainy pictures
Built by Lg, realiability/ durability
Small Battery Life
could use a speaker phone
No bluetooth? what the heck is that??
Only one game
Price, possible weak reception on GSM1900, memory
No FM Radio or Bluetooth, expensive
No radio, no voice memo, just one game included
no bluetooth
seems abit flimsy
Small buttons,small display,no speaker phone,not Bluetooth compatible.
T68i, no bluetooth, no Palm Desktop sync (yet)
No recurring alarm, not that well supported in the US (yet), no bluetooth, not cheap
Featureless
no bluetooth, no camera and short battery life
no bluetooth
nothing
It doesnt have bluetooth and I would prefer a better quality perhaps metal casing.
grahic clarity fair
None so far!
Not Much
Dwindling battery life.
The buttons are hard to push individually; you can dial a wrong number very easily.
Lacks Good Security, All Features NOT Avaliable everywhere, Screen Hard To See In Sunlight
no WAP browser, speaker phone, or dedicated volume keys, power button hard to use
seems everyone has one, TDMA??
non downloadable tones and no Internet
games tend to eat up battery life.
Not Much.
No camera; wallpapers and color schemes lame; voice dialing for only 10 numbers
None So Far!
Difficult to see screen in sunlight.
Has lots of features, but there could be more
Picture messaging does not mean camera phone
Not Web Enabled
The circular keypad is a little ... different.
No Web Access, limited selection on ringtones and graphics
accessories are hard to find.
large size, unable to download
Short Battery life, Poor Keypad design causes wrong number punched
Hard to turn on and off.  Phone was returned (found defective) after 3 months!
The pixels are still big, and background pictures make it hard to see the writing.
battery after a LONG while
none
can't get wallpaper or tones, keypad, buttons stick or hard to push.
NO durability at all.
firmware bugs, clarity of sound, lack of standard rings
Bulky. Nice looking "candy bar style" phone but not as cool as a flip phone.
No features that stand out
Bad reception, poor sound quality, bad design on the keypad.
Mediocre camera, difficult to access data on the phone
Bad sound, speakerphone, a few awkward buttons.  Not for people who use it constantly.
User-friendliness, keypad display, keypad heat, fewer extra features.
not cheap if you have to buy it over and over again
RINGER, VOLUME, RECEPTION, Battery Life
Poor Microphone Quality, No Games, Poor Battery Status Notification
Ringer not loud enough, camera a joke and customer service practically non existent.
-Small
Battery life is atrocious, seems like a very "breakable" phone.
Unreliable, buggy software, poorly designed camera
Weak Signal, Smaller Outer Display (hard to see), No Flashing lights, Bad Flash
Doesn't charge well and drains battery fast!
Terrible battery life
Everything else, comes with nothing...
Battery life,phone shuts off at random, drops calls consistently, customer service is terrible!
Badly made in general!
Features. Internal Memory. Reliability. Download Capabilities.
Limited battery time
Reception in rural areas can be sketchy
Volume doesn't get loud enough
Color display is sometimes hard to see, camera button a little to easy to touch.
The reception is horrible.
The Price!
too expensive to buy for non business needs.
Not so great for everyone else.
Smallish Buttons
International Roaming is Expensive
durability, flaky LCD connection, no WAP, can't store email addresses, not a world phone
Battery cover seems rather loose
Relatively small keypad, backlight is kinda weird,   The fact that I have to give it back (boo hoo hoo)
Nokia sacrificed durability for style.
Pricey, no analog ability
price, not triband, GSM network coverage
A bit too small. Feels a little flimsy.
Small size, jiggly battery cover, less than great reception
See text below
not tri-band (900/1800/1900); International roaming isn't cheap
Needs better quality control, phones aren't all the same, sometimes has software crashes, and a bit pricey
very very very very expensive
really compact, tiny dial pad, only 8 voice dialing memories, price
Somewhat flimsy.  No WAP
Fragile and expensive to replace parts
costly little bugger
Just wish it has WAP...
That flip!
PRICE! Need to take real good care of it
Pricey, Phone gets warm quick, Buttons are very small, Defective Display
GSM coverage in the USA is not complete.&#13;&#10;Only 8 entries can have voice tags.
$$$ Price
No car kit, fragile
Small number buttons
poor sound, below average functions, pricey, delicate, sub-par reception
Technical difficulties/price/GSM only/does not work well indoors
price, no internet access
Display issue, missing features of newer phones
Lacks durability, expensive, lacks triband.
Pricy and over-powered signal strength
small dial pad, kind of expensive
Accessories hard to find! Replaced LCD screen in november 2001.
no WAP, no TDMA roaming, expensive
Not Web enabled, Battery tricky to remove, Expensive
None
buttons, back cover loose
6 bills, wow!&#13;&#10;Brakes easily
RECEPTION!
Expensive, Fragile.
No WAP, high price.
na
none!
A price with looks that can kill. Can be easily scratched and dented.
money
It's (still) pricey...
back cover, keypads
I am on my 3rd one in 1 yr. Cingular is horrible service.
na
battery life, expensive
Bad service
iternal antenae is not very good
Easy to drop
None
nothing
Very expensive
Do you expect anything at this price.
Screen Display problems, fragile finish/ screen/ slide mechanism
LCD lifetime/durability questionable
BATTERY COVER VERY LOOSE, SCREEN FLICKERS AND DISSAPEARS, HAD TO REPLACE 4X
Poorly made for a Nokia, flawed screen.
None
Pricey? Yes, but worth it.
costly, tiny buttons, housing wears out easy
none
Did not come with a carrying case.
Could use more choices of ringtones :)
No Internet capabilities. Size.
No IR, keypad takes some getting used to
Internet access, email:  not as simple as advertised
Color screen is basic, no polyphonic ringtones
Cheap keypad, faulty keys, poor configuration
No IR capability; Data transfers are almost impossible.
Number pad takes some getting used to, would be nice to have a standard ringtone.
screen is somewhat "blocky"
Slow menu loading, colors were very basic
Small annoyances in the menu features and keyguard
none
"Insert SIM card" error, gets annoying. Battery doesn't last much in the long run.
Nobody can hear me when I am speaking to them on this phone.
Echoing is terrible! Other party often reports they cannot hear me clearly.
clarity (you can never use it in a noisy room), reception, quality control in general
Makes noise around electronic equipment (b/c of radiation)
Besides the lack of features...none!
User interface (menu options)
Bulky,
none that I have noticed thus far.
Keypad (Could be less stylish and more practical)
Keypad setup
No voice recorder, data transfer?
Echoing,no Internet capabilities
None.
Calendar does not have "view all day notes" feature.
ummm living thru water is more then enough to make up for it few cons
None, although keypad may be a little trickey for large fingered idiviuals.
none known
Small buttons.
durability, really small in size, key pad button sizes, port tabs
Hard to adjust screen contrasts, buttons too small.
does not save half-written messages; alarm does not have snooze feature;inefficient Phone-to-SIM copy feature;
slips out of hands occasionally, lacks all the latest features of nowaday phones
None, really.
none
expensive if you have to pay full price; Software issues; dropped calls a continual problem
Tone control buttons on side, bad location.
Dropped calls are soooo annoying!, bad earpiece, the ring is very quiet
Earpiece sucks!
Menus a little confusing, speaker phone not very loud, scratches easily, durability issues
DURABILITY!
If you are getting this phone for free, your expectations should be VERY low.
No major cons.
Volume level too low, possible problem with ringing consistently
Flimsy, no silent "MUTE," poor reception, screen breaks and blacks out.
Overall quality lacking, speaker phone needs work, voice-dial programming is lacking. Faulty screen
cheap, fragile, featureless, limited signal capability
Quality Control Issues
speakerphone is a little weak, annoying you can't go directly to phonebook
small screen, uncomfortable volume buttons, no camera/bluetooth
Junky, plastic, falls apart, BREAKS REALLY EASILY!
Physical quality bad. Hard to find accessories.
It's hard to communicate with a paperweight
The battery life is not nearly as long as advertised.
dropped calls, bad reception, the screen blanks out and too much more
breaks very easily
As a phone, it is useless.
SHORT and I mean SHORT lifespan!!!!!!!!!!!
battery-life short, phone breaks easily, signal strength horrible, everything about this phone sucks!
EVERYTHING!!!!
Drops calls, voicemails, and reception is sketchy.
Could be better at picking up a signal.
BREAKS WAYYYYYYYYYYYY TO EASILY COMPARED TO SIMILAR FLIP PHONES AND ITS EXPENSIVE
internet can be slow even with the best signal.
Poor quality.  Bad battery life.  Poor support.
Bad reception, and durability overall junk.
No games included, Not bluetooth compatible.
Battery Life is short!  Sound is mediocre.
Drops service a lot
Unreliable_undependable, expensive accessories, weak signal, short battery life, does not work!
Ugh ... i wish it had more wallpapers
drops calls, bad reception, ringer not loud enough
Flimsy, poor call quality, lcd hard to read in daylight. Controls are not user friendly.
Poor reception, Phone crashes and locks up.
It's a piece of junk!
ringtones suck, not loud enough, poor reception
may be too small for some
Might be too small for you
missed calls, not sturdy
tiny size, expensive
Easy to lose.
What's That, Are There Any?
more features than I really need
Poor reception, placement of IR port.
Plastic feels a little flimsy
Plasticy, sound quality not excellent.
Afraid to lose it
Larger than a credit card
Small size cuts both ways-- hard to handle and dial.
A little expensive and no WAP browser
does not use standard hands-free
Hmmm... gets lost easily
If I ever think of one, I'll let you know.
buttons are too small to press easily--have to use a fingernail.
Low volume in loud places, small buttons
Fragile due to small size, short lasting battery, easy to drop, not very sturdy.
Small?????
not durable, no web browser, cingular has pretty bad coverage, small buttons
durability, flaky LCD connection, no WAP, can't store email addresses, not a world phone
It's not as cool looking as the 8890
Small keys
Doesn't work
Still a little pricey.  Can get lost quite easily.
Tiny buttons, single phone number per name entry.
may be too small, aftermarket products hard to find, expensive
Only available in GSM (but, I really like GSM)
no WAP
volume too low (for all Nokia phones)
Keypad a bit small, keys not lit well
It's very lightweight and it might be easy to damage it.
Finding a vendor that carries the phone
Maybe too tiny, Nokia accessories are expensive.
None found yet.
numeric keys are a little TOO small
Small &amp; Lightweight (Don't Lose It!), A bit Fragile
I can't think of any to be honest
Too small, display too small
Hard to hear out of.
expensive, single band
Antenna, small buttons
May be too small for some (not me), no analog mode
voicestream has spotty coverage... no WAP if you are into that sort of thing
The holder is not practical they need a new design.
RECEPTION!
keypad is cramped
Flimsily built and so-so quality
Could easily be lost, it's so small
No analog Roaming
Reception SOMETIMES choppy.
Some signal problems, few carriers
Takes a little time to get used to
none
internal antenna, inconsistent earpiece volume, seems much more fragile than the 6190
possibly too small....?
Small, light, everyone has one, no web browser, weak signal
nothing, yet!
WISH IT WAS A &quot;&quot;WORLD PHONE&quot;&quot;
maybe too small for some people's hands, Don't drop this phone!!
No WAP, sometimes too small
Some software glitches and screen problems.
none
painfully  unreliable
Back cover flimsy
NONE
might be too small for some.
I CAN'T THINK OF ANY
does not use standard hands-free
Price, cheap look, doesn't feel solid
LCD problems, flimsy
Size,sometimes connection like any other cell phone
Small size, no rubber buttons, small buttons.
Average Battery, call quality mediocre, fades
A little too small for my fat fingers, but not a big deal... :~)
Poor signal reception, weak vibration
Size, a bit flimsy
Sometimes doesn't recognize your voice
hard to hold, small buttons
No wireless web or voice dialing
absolutely nothing at all!
Not all accessories available in the USA yet!
Small size is a little disconcerting at first.
i dont think any
A little &quot;cheap&quot;
none
Have to push button to activate voice dial
You may lose it if you don't keep tabs on it!
Disconnects many times
Rome
not bluetooth compatible(if you know what that is)
None (see review)
poor reception in certain areas, phone freezes up
buttons to small, can't adjust ring time, snap on covers too expensive
Small buttons
Display gives out after about 8 months, easy to lose
None
RECEPTION!
none
Buttons are tiny. Easy to make unintended calls.
small keypad
small size, poor user's manual
not web enabled
I'm afraid to drop it or bump it against anything, small keys
Reliability Issues
You may not always get a clear signal
feels more like a toy
No detachable battery, Small on/off switch
none
difficult to type in email
Small size makes it awkward to dial, program.
Doesn't feel as sturdy as some flip phones
Buttons are kind of small.
Easy to loose!!!
battery life is horrible, no good recourse for faulty product
The battery wears after 3 - 4 months
none that I can tell so far.
RECEPTION!
burr, no mp3 playback?
Are you kidding?
easily lost its so small
you can lose it easy
buttons small,yellow backlight, no web browser, only one number under each name in phone book
Only 3 colors to choose from.
too small, fragile
Constant faded LCD's
Buttons are too small
no internet, breakable, snake is more addictive than smoking.
Too small for some.
none
price, not as durable as it could be
Plastic feel, not really clear
Scared of losing it, A bit pricey
None!!
BIG CON: Screen malfunctions common to model. Other Con: No "Delete All" text message ability.
Price,Durabilty
no bad things about phone
May be too small for some people, a bit expensive
Do you have big fingers? Stay away.
Can be a little "too" small for big hands
Buttons tiny, ridiculous, easy to lose
size, exposed buttons
total call time
the cooliest
missed calls, weak signals
Screen is not bright enough...to me anyway...no access to internet...do you really need that though?
Might be too small
Cheesy stylus, maximum 128MB memory capacity.
Symbian OS 7.0, Memory Stick Duo, No QWERTY Keyboard
Sync software needs work, no belt clip, complex, expensive
Large , no T9, Memory Stick Duo is proprietary and expensive.
Large and heavy, average performance.
size, price, stylus, errors...
Naturally larger than average phone - don't buy if you don't need a PDA too.
Mediocre PC connectivity/software, battery drainer, unappealing carrying case, underpowered CPU.
A bit thick.  A bit awkward as a phone without headset.  A bit pricey.
Spotty Bluetooth performance with latest firmware, limited software library
pricy, bigger than nokia 7650
Weird form, Pricey, Camera needs work
low grade pictures, confusing menus, expensive
Heavy, Digital Camera quality not as expected
phone isn't very easily stored as a flip phone would be
Placement of outside buttons; Charging platform is awkward
Front "mirror" gets dirty, charger can be annoying, no analog mode
Volume button on side of phone can send caller to voice mail by accident.
Microphone button too easy to activate.
No analog receiver, basic phone.
Toy bars!
Doesn't connect to your PC without another $50 purchase.
Short battery life, LCD screen illegible in strong light, poor owner&#146;s manual.
Only picture wallpapers available, nothing plain
Unncessarily small outer screen, button for voicedial interferes with answering calls
Cartridge-style charger, bad positioning of Driving Mode button
Reception, contacts and a silly screen...
Bad cust. support, software flaws
Inadequate help for voice command feature, low battery life, side buttons poorly placed
No vibrate only, difficult to open, FRAGILE
terrible reception, I've had some battery problems
Main screen is hard to read, no blank wallpaper
Dropped Calls, poor call quality. Voice Commands need HELP!
It quit working after three days and no replacement possible.
Reliability (Apparently defective software locks up the phone intermittently)
muffled sound sometimes
features limited and not VCAST compatible
battery life, ugly looks, bulky
Poor reception when inside.
short battery life, comes with no games, cant talk and charge battery
Dropped calls, no service with full bars of service, and screen shorted out!
HAVE TO PAY FOR GAMES
no camera, kind of chinsy plastic
None.
No cons to think of.
A deft touch is needed to answer the phone, just to lose the caller.
No vibrate-to-ring option, not for left-hand users, volume/voice dial buttons in the way
everything else.
None
size
Aesthetics, Design
It has been discontinued and they are hard to come by.
The tones are weak and can't be heard easily, even if turned up.
keypad sensitivity, text messaging is difficult
need keygaurd to not dial, no text messaging...
Does not have the longest life
display on the small side, no color, browser somewhat counterintuitive
Can't store calling cards in it.
not a color screen, no bluetooth
Low ringer volume, direction-sensitive earpiece.
no colour screen
no color screen, on/off button, may be a little too small for some people
HORRIBLE signal issues, "quirks"
buttons may be too small for those with big hands,no color screen, antenna?
Minor bugs in firmware.
Difficult to cradle on shoulder
GSM Technology still playing catch up
Not very many faceplate options
No color screen, Not tri-band
Talk and End button could be a little bigger.
no colors
Small size takes getting used to; No color.
no colour screen.. but hey, this phone is going on 2 years old people.
Size, no camera, poor calendar function.
Displays not readable in sunlight.
Limited calendar function, limited alarm, battery life fades with use, calculator awkward, TERRIBLE RECEPTION!!!
Battery life, alarm mode, call log/history
Horrible for voice calls - only the most important feature!
Slightly less durable than expected.
Expensive but cheaply made, looks durable but isn't, battery fades with use, etc. etc. etc.
Poor audio quality, lack of intuitive user interface, inconsistent call quality
Speakerphone difficult to use with background noise.
No speakerphone, small keys, mediocre phonebook
Screen hard to see in bright sunlight, camera not as good as current phones.
Crashes, No Speakerphone, Mediocore Memory Capacity, Button Delay
Crashes, bad documentation, bad Cingular network
Exterior looks ugly, antenna reception, screen is hard to see in bright sunlight.
Qwerky user interface
Price
Screen under sun light, buttons can be small for some
Mis-marketed as a world phone. No speakerphone - lack of simple rings.
May be difficult to learn for some users, durability stinks
Gimmicky camera (cool, though) buttons not entirely comfortable for anyone who isn't Tiny Tim.
Not much battery life, screen requires constant cleaning, Sony-Ericsson charger plug is crap!
Occasionaly freezes / NO speakerphone / takes a while to regain a lost signal
Not always user-friendly, some problems with buttons not working. Lousy reception!!
No speakerphone, cumbersome phonebook entry lookup.
GSM coverage spotty in some areas, some features are overkill, needs louder listening volume
Extremely limited memory, tiny buttons, slow Java virtual machine
Fact of not useing a TFT screen,no speakerphone
Poor picture quality, poor reception, mechanical problems in the long term
scratches easily(invest in screen covers), no viable belt clip option,
Too many options and features.
Jerky control stick, slow connections to T-zones, functions not working.
freezes, confusing sometimes, doesnt work fully with MACs
Reception, not the "latest" model, some users may find mature interface daunting
Screen can be difficult in full daylight; Joystick occasionally sticks if manhandled excessively; Sub-par camera.
poor ringtone volume, difficult to work with the screen under the sun
Speaker could be a little bit louder during a call
Signal Reception.
SLOW menus, bad buttons, limited memory.
The infamous smudge-prone case.
Below average reception, error prone button layout, slow clunky menu interface.
Short battery life, hard to see screen in daylight.
Slightly clunky interface, too much already on it, no very basic ringtone
No Speaker phone, less then impressive phone/address book
Useless screen outdoors and slippery case.
Ringtone Volume
Phone only offered by GSM carriers with poor reception/coverage
Buttons are small
Smudges really easily, low storage space.
1 MB Memory, Camera 320 x 240, Small Keypad
horrible reception, weird audio problems, expensive.
menus difficult to navigate, screen
Can't see screen in sunlight, poor camera, bad buttons/joystick, frequent disconnects
Terrible OS manufactured in Hell or close to it. Sadistically slow and sluggish.
Difficult to hear, poor reception, hard to see screen in sunlight.
No Speakerphone
Battery cover, looks, looks, looks.  Fell off ugly tree. Twice.
too many options that not many people will actually use
No speaker phone, phone book can't be on SIM card, fingerprints show, no send/end buttons
Small buttons, advance features under many menus, screen hard to read in bright sunlight.
Camera has limited utility, buttons may be too small for some.
small keys
-LOW ring tones!!
Menu system can be awkward to use at time...
the sounds of ring is not loud enough
No screen protector, that I guess could get beat up over time.
Component failure, overwhelming menus, signal reception.
no speakerphone
does not play .mp3 files
The reception with ATT could be better. But its good enough.
Look elsewhere for java games, polyphonic ring tones, colour screen, cameras, MMS or personal organisers.
Price, Color, PC Cable sold separately,
Screen and buttons small depending on what you're used to
Antenna is LARGE. Wired headset is connected at the bottom of the phone.
Navigation can take some getting used to, no direct buttons for volume control
Didn't Include Games
None for us
Small size restricts usability; Verizon-mandated features reduce options.
echo, can't tell the time if no reception, barely operates in analog mode
Battery life, range, screen size
poor range between towers, poor battery life, poor call quality,
Poor menus, crappy default ringtones, battery life.
can be difficult to hear others who are using certain opposing cell brands
Can't get cool ring tones, text messaging, or cool graphics
Gets hot during heavy use, poor ringer setup design.
Replacement part not available for sale.
Uncomfortable for long conversations, temperamental functionality, awkward key sizes.
Terrible reception, software bugs
The price of $179!
Screen TOO dark during sleep mode,
Antenna is huge -- almost as long as the phone when fully extended.
Large size, screen plastic weak.
None so far
A Bit Bulky
Earpiece is my only complaint
Poor reception, easily damaged, bulky, heavy
Too big for some?
Lots of buttons, battery breaks free if dropped, web navagation awkward
A little larger than some non-flip phones; a little longer start-up time.
Screen color is limited, vision content is lacking
a little bulky, a bit pricey if you get it full-price, downloads aren't all free
Takes a little getting used to -&gt; but don't all phones?
On/off button, speaker phone mic works poorly
A smidge large, slightly spotty button backlighting, menus not as slick as Samsung's
none yet
battery falls out when dropped, downloads cost$$ and expire
Placement of speakerphone & volume control buttons are awkward; speakerphone function needs improvement.
Bulky Size
limited time for downloads and Sprint customer service
Clip placement, long, lighted buttons
Battery Life when browsing, Bulky
Downloads cost $ and are licensed for 90 days only; variable reception quality
Rather bulky
a lil unwieldly and the phone pad gets heated up!
None
1) Not the best-looking phone around
Size - but it is easy to get used to
Horrible interface
Limited Internet Sites! It's not a flip!
Sprint PCS charging to download almost anything for a limited time
turns on and off at random, or mine does anyways.
slow wap web browsing on the phone
Durability, Sound quality
Sprint phone case opens by itself
Larger than flip phone, ear piece
Not the most stylish. Doesn't have a built-in camera.
No camera, internet service is slow
Finish dulls and scratches easily, battery pops out easily
Slower processor and color screen handles less colors than the newer camera phones
Price a little high at $299... but, it's the best phone I've ever owned.
Screen could be brighter.
rather bulky, loud keys, SLOW INTERNET speed
Poor battery performance, no Bluetooth.
Large compared to other brand name phones, battery life, expensive.
Freezes up, reboots and shuts down all by itself (or requires a reboot and shutdown)
No possibility of custom faceplate options & limited accessories.
No integrated word processor, no Bluetooth, buggy Nokia O/S
Not many accessaries available, dependant on services provided by wireless service, attractive to theives.
Pricey
Not backwards compatable with headsets, somewhat slow response time in menu options (GSM related)
Takes a while to learn, smallish screen, slow operation
Lacks the digital camera and Bluetooth
Screen can be scratched and no carrying case has been designed.
navigation system not great (could be true of all phones, I don't know)
reception
soo new that apps. and accessories are rare.
Its a huge phone, but it has a fold out keyboard. Can't use standard headset.
Slightly large, battery life short for a Nokia, headset, power button location
Little larger than expected.
Keeps breaking! Low speaker level, too.
screen, polyphonic capabilities, paint on phone is not very adherent,size
Average battery life,
No EDGE
Battery doesn't last as long as others.
size but it has a keyboard - none really.
Small keyboard, poor structural integrity
A little large.
No Bluetooth
size and look of the phone, too many features may confuse the non-techie types
Lack of available accessories
bigger than most, heavy.... thats about it
Buggy OS, exterior paint is chipping, email is a pain to get working
Sometimes the internal antenna can be covered by your hand.
Not many
None
screen crackedtwice in onemonth i've owned it, light stays onfor 13secs+cant change, pricey(at Cingular), textingmaybecomeaddictive
Fragile, unreliable, buggy O/S, disappointment overall.
back light doesn't stay on, not a lot of accessories
Occasional Delay in recieving IM Messages, No Camera, "Large" for some, GPRS not EDGE.
buggy OS
menu navigation too complicated, not enough "go to" and one-touch commands, speaker quality
a whole lot
Screen not pretty, sometimes hangs mid-call
No synchronization with Mac. Not bluetooth compatible
Can't replace faceplate on your own or you void warranty; must pay Nokia $35
low profile buttons
Kind of large, no internet connectivity (WAP)
No lock-out, price
Size, changing the volume
No joy stick (unlike the Sony Ericsson T60)
A bit pricey but discounts and specials available through carriers,no belt clip
lack of accessories
Monochrome display.  (it's 1.5 years old.. can't complain much about monochrome)
Bad reception ,bad clarity
big
None
Battery life is slightly shorter than the Nokia 6190. Not a "SIM" card phone.
volume controls on side are easy to press accidentally
On Off button, irritating tones
Reception
On/off switch not always easy to use.
no face plates yet (except generic that don't fit. can't get the web
price, power button is a pain.
A bit big
Major screen problems
No color display.
Not the latest phone or technology.
Not many different ring tones, all the features could be confusing for a first-time user
minibrowser
looks, ring- tones
Price
Has No Velcro
size, voice dial is not what I had hoped.
Size can be a little too small sometimes
Sprint service snafus
Potential for antenna problems.
I want spiffy ringtones. :-(
So many features that it's a bit confusing
Ugly, Sprint service, annoying rings
No data sync
Overheating, frequently dropped calls, battery life, lack of good airtime log.
Body Glove cell case doesn't clip onto belt very well, Jabra plastic earpieces get lost easily
Umm...... ummm......... it wasn't out sooner?
The menu system is awful!
Doesn't feel like it would survive a fall.
slow T9 text input
Slow Reaction Time, Voice Recognition
screen may be slightly small for hardcore Nokia users.
Price (depends on how you buy it though...)
NO NEW DESIGN!  Hard to push buttons, slow reaction time.
None - OK, they removed Solitaire, but that's it!
Slightly confusing menus...
removed solitare:)
None Whatsoever
A bit pricey
price and local availability of accessories
Issues with usage
Still unfriendly user interface, smallish display.
Delays in key-in actions...
lack of support
Cheap feeling buttons. menu button awkward to use. Slow reaction time
very buggy software
Lacks color LCD and camera feature.
Sometimes too small, options can take a while to learn
Small size might be a problem
Impossible on/off button, ringer not loud enough
you will miss calls, phone is almost too small
Construction quality, buttons, ergonomics
Wimpy ring; Size may be a problem for those with visual impairments or large hands
I don't know of any
So small and light- makes difficult to hold on long calls
proprietal hands-free jack
Signal Strength, Keypad too small for some
Reception poor at times, no internet access
One is better than none
Colour, On/Off button
Haven't found one yet
with internal antenna the reception isn't as good as other models!
Price
Expensive. Sub-par battery performance.
The $400.00 cost will turn a lot of people off to this phone.
Price, but coming down steadilty
Priced a bit high, but rebates make it well worth it
expensive
Antenna is flimsy, menus are bulky
No games, no custom ring tones
antenna form factor, usre interface, overall design, battery life.
Price, weight, hard to flip open, software not user friendly, durability.
Pricey
HIGH PRICE TAG, not a Nokia, plastic part of face scratches easily.  Stubby antenna.
Front cover is not replaceable.
Price.  Antenna.
Small display, no speakerphone
Antenna breaks easily, High price, a bit slippery to hold, hard to open
housing dents easily, screen hard to see, software bugs, no 1XRTT, no Java apps
Antenna still not sturdy, pricey, expensive FM headset (optional)
High price, so-so battery life, small monochrome screen, sleazy Motorola marketing
Cannot think of one
Quiet expensive, but we love are gadgets. No Infra-Red, Bluetooth, or HSCSD.
envy factor
Non-scratch resistant display, antenna is too BIG (out of place), flip is not sturdy.
None yet (I'll update if I find some)
price
too expensive, no holographic display, need two hands to answer.
Questionable build quality, price, lacks seemingly basic functions.
more expensive than many others
Cost and volume in noisy areas.
Outside case can damage too easily!
Depending on your provider, price can get pretty steep
Sub-par voice recognition, weak battery life, a bit pricey.
Fairly high cost; battery life is short;
Price, no downloadable ring tones, battery life
Belt Clip is bulky and needs to be wore in.
User interface
small screen, low battery life (can be upgraded), no games, no message waiting LED
Flip style phone requires 2 hands to answer / dial; limited battery life
Price, holster design.
Expensive, no holographic display, average battery-life, takes getting used to the small size.
Standard battery life, might be overkill fo those who only want a phone!
Price, Battery, Accessories, New GUI not very user friendly
Bit short-lived, the build quality isn't great.
Poor antenna design. Can give you shocks while charging.
Price tag, very confusing menu, uncomfortable feel, plastic antenna, SMALL screen and stiff buttons
reception!, display quality, battery life
None yet...
so-so battery life.
antenna, price
Large belt clip
Price, flimsy antenna.
Heart-stopping price if bought without service
Sound quality, No Caller Groups, T9 text entry is bothersome,
Antenna
No web access, weak owners guide
sound quality, phonebook, backlighting, belt holster, battery life
Price, features/cost, belt clip, antenna, flip-hard to open
weird belt clip, short battery life, pricey
Inconvenient External Antenna, Extremely Fragile
Price,have to open phone to answer it.
Menu does provide relatively difficult learning cost in comparison with similar models. Cost.
Screen could be brighter, weak battery for talk time
Pricey at initial roll-out.
Expensive!!!
High priced, no built in games, a Nokia has more features
Price, flimsy antenna, weight
cost, ear bud for hands-free kit.
Poorly designed interface, very primitive phonebook, very expensive, unbelievable inconvenient antenna
Somewhat small display, pricey
Fair Battery-life, hard for one-hand operation, Dim Screen, One-Beep Alarm/reminder, Doggy reception, Weak Vibration....
Pricy
Price, quality, Verizon customer support and never getting to use it!
Horrible Professional Install Car Kit Accessory. Cuts in and out - regularly
Few design flaws&#13;&#10;Menu system still not as intuitive as others on the market
Price, Battery life.
Holster, headset functionality
Phone book,one touch dialing
price, want to use it all the time!
Price; Non-holographic display
Send and End keys on wrong sides, No calculator, Needs a belt clip
no games, awkward menus
Poor build quality, reception, battery life, iTap
awkward to open til you figure it out, battery life, opening case
front of phone scratches to easily,battery life.
Short battery life, ease of battery replacement.
can't program a distinctive ring for different callers
Your wardrobe suffers because you spent all your $$$ on phone
short cut on keypad not available
Size, Hard to open, Volume, Antennae
Maybe a little TOO small for some, small screen
Still pricey
The antenna is not durable. Motorola is not easy to deal with regarding repairs.
None so far
none
Flimsy, Buggy, Poor Performance
Read the review to see how many flaws this phone has
had some problems x 3
the price of $400.
It does not cook my breakfast!
Hurts my ear!  Features are not easy to use-not intuitive.
FRAGILE antenna, poor ergonomics, phonebook, user interface, weak vibrate
Price
outside scratches, cost (high)
terrible reception, poor battery, horrible functionality
battery life is terrible, durability is a big ?????
Battery life, quality sux, no games
A little pricey
Voice memory is shaky and the phonebook isn't optimal
it breaks many times, bad reception and battery life is short
none
difficult to get in/out of the belt clip.
I had to use mobile phones for 10 years before I got this one!
Amongst others, the complexity and headaches encountered through selectivity of multi-NAM applications.
Cannot get 2-way text messaging to work yet. (my fault)
do NOT get the retractable antenna - get the stubby!
Multiple phone numbers require multiple entires in phone book.
Gets scratched very easily
Ringer doesn't go loud enough.
many
None
Hard to find in stores
Price
None
High priced
Way too expensive, relatively few features, difficult interface.
Hard to hear, bad performance.  Awkward menus
expensive, made in China, questionable quality of materials
Awful durability.
The biggy is the antenna. It breaks so ofetn motorola was fixing them for free--the catch is you have to mail it in and be without your cell phone for 7-10 days. This is  ...
antenna could be stronger, short battery life, can't download custom rings.
Not user friendly.  Buzzing sound while on a call.
Lacks features
Maybe a bit expensive.
ringtones - doesn't support midi ringtones, side buttons can be pressed easily when in pocket.
Fat antenna, side buttons beep when anything hits them, spastic vibrate mode.
Battery life short for today's standards
Sound quality isn't excellent, lacks data services (I don't care)
A discontinued model with Verizon.  Got mine at Radio Shack. NLA at Verizon.
Horrible reception,hard to get use to,and doesn't have any settings really.
Cost
Weak antenna.
Not the best display around, keep having to re-select dictionary in text messaging
Odd button layout takes getting used to.
OK battery, odd key layout, sm incl. memory, no mp3
Not the Quality of my old Nokia, Soft plastic case damages easily, poor photos
Low megapixel camera, blurry display, weird button configuration, not as "sexy" as newer phones
Camera could be better
The package itself, a little tacky, could look better.
Its a Nokia needs more features.
buttons hard to use
battery life, phone inserts(i can't find any)
the cover is hard to snap on
None.
Menu system can be improved
gets warm when using, no built in belt clip
Speakerphone unusable, no advanced features, form factor uncomfortable for long use, chicklet keys.
Menu isin't easy like Nokia's
Some menu features are quirky
Speakerphone, limited accessories
gets warm during use, terrible keys, no extra ringtones
perhaps the tiny keys but not a real issue for me.
Absolutely nothing!
Ringtones, I want programmable ring tones! :)
*Small, Hard Buttons
No Internet browser, display most definitely NOT for the visually challenged.
Accessories and parts are hard to come by.
Speakerphone not loud enough to be used outdoors or in a car
Speakerphone doesn't turn up loud enough and gets garbled.
Small Buttons
No built in belt clip, cannot use hands free while charging phone.
not as easy as Motorola to look up numbers, speaker phone not loud enough
too light
not web enabled like i need it anyway i have a pc
Battery gets pretty warm after talking for extended periods.
could be smaller, hi-tech for 2001, few bells & whistles
Too much phone, will you surf the net from a phone?
None
Gobs o' features can be a little overwhelming at first.
For the average person there are many features you will not need to use.
Speakerphone muffled if laid down, no timer, may have more features than you'll need
Expensive of course
Cost
Menu's are confusing especially if you're an ex-Nokia user.
I have found none.  Maybe a slightly annoying ringer.
Too confusing, poor reception, too fragile.
Price
cost on the upper end of models
Not very small, looks too much like a Nokia, poor instruction book
few ring choices
Expensive, learning curve, flimsy antenna
Price and size
some of the menu organization, no mailing address area in contacts,
minor annoyances for phone junkies
Thick phone, especially with a leather case on. Slow switching between digital and analog mode.
Not So Easy To Use
Oblong and awkward shape
Minor Software Glitch, Potentially Confusing Menu
some CDMA echo issues. Gimmicky features aren't that great.
price?
Sometimes weak reception, sound quality is decent but not fantastic
slight big size and  no aftermarket stuff
Size, Kinda clunky looking,Weak signal at times
VERY Poor Signal Strength, Cost
High Price
no built-in PDA
Long in length, Less Than Adequate Network
Big bucks, a confusing menu, and NO DOWNLOADABLE RINGTONES!
somewhat expensive, battery life isn't that long (talktime)
Sprint network needs to add additional digital coverage.
Speaker phone woes, battery drains like mad when on analog mode
Horrible sound quality, terrible speaker phone, really long power cycle times, pull out antenna
a bit bigger than the SCP-4000
Does not include charging stand, can not hear yourself when talking.
a bit overwhelming for people who haven't had a cell phone before
a little pricey as phones go, but compares with much higher-priced models.
Easily-activated keypad, although that can be overridden with an easy-to-find KeyGuard that turns them off.
Voice Feature Glitches
Must be technologically literate!
Scratches show on silver case, Menu listing is not logical.
Battery life is less than expected
Poor Reception, Fairly Weak Battery
extending antenna
Too Much To Do
Voice activation poor with background noise.  Might be too much phone for some.
if using for several hours in a row, it tends to get a bit hot.
Large and can be a little bulky, voice dial isn't too great.
Not as compact as a flip phone.
Crabcatch game reminds me of my wife.
No ringer + vibrate mode.
Hyper-sensitive microphone. Occasional re-dials required.
Size, T9 text
No alarm clock
Reception, Battery Life, Accessories, HEAT!!!
poor speaker phone and clunky
only 2: weak signal, speakerphone doesn't always work correctly
open face allows it to get smashed
price
Terrible ringers.
Design a little chunky, even though it isnt wide, its pretty thick.
Features make it complicated to use.
A little bigger than others
A little long/thick in size
Price
takes a little longer to read and understand some of the programing, needs a better written manual but you can get it
NONE!!!
No sync tools yet
only available in chrome face plate
Bad signal reception!!!
Delicate antenna
Pricey, comes with no accessories.
Inconvenient shape, Very Limited speaker use
None that I noticed.
Long, confusing menu
Speakerphone needs work for car use
No built in timers
As of 2/17/2001 there is a known crypto key problem with wireless web browsing.
STILL HAVE TO USE THE MICROWAVE TO COOK POPCORN (UNTIL THE SCP-5000?)
Squareish shape, expensive.
Antenna is a little flimsy.
sometimes hard to hear people, speakerphone has problems every once and a while
... most fall short of the promise.
can't have vibrate and ringer on at the same time
no clock, no minute minder
AWFUL and I do mean awful sound quality.  You CANNOT hear the party you've called.
Fragile antenna
Does not fold up, somewhat larger than the competition.
Battery life, maybe big for some, text is big and rough looking
bulky frame and cheesey silver color
telescoping Antenna
odd shape and size of phone
Not as compact compared to flip phones, Small Display
No call log, cannot customize sounds
I'll let you know if I find one!!
need more features that ordinary phone has.
Not many games&#13;&#10;No alarm function (not that important)
Wireless web has been unreliable of late
Speaker phone not perfected yet.
None
Lightweight antennae,not for the technically challenged.
You get what you pay for...and you get alot
a little on the expensive side
None
No timer!
incoming call voice annoying
Not always recognizing voice command
none
Lacks features, exterior degrades
Proprietary AC adapter &#13;&#10;Can't download ringtones.&#13;&#10;no pc synch for address book.&#13;&#10;
High price, Cheap phone
Doesn't last long; Instable battery life.
High price, Cheap phone
Not reliable
Speakerphone doesn't work that well, neither does voice dialing.
IT ISN'T FREE :(
Shape wants to slip out of my hands for some reason.
The price is a little high but its well worth it.
leather case is cheap
a bit power hungry, battery drains fast.  navigation button could use a little tweeking.
size, however acceptable because of built in speaker
poor calibration w/ signal strength
Cost.
none I can think of
Can't think of one....
No 2.5 mm plug for aftermarket headset, must use Nokia's.
Not much. A couple nit-picking observations...
very little, picks up Background noise a little but can be minimised. (See review)
Not a 'pub' phone.
nothing yet
Nokia marketing are possibly pushing the packet a little too far....
Quiet ringer, weak vibration, no screensavers, faceplate not replacable
Couldn't find one ,unless you feel that paying less for more is a con.
Proprietary bluetooth support.
No colour screen, slightly larger than most phones now
Weaker signal pickup than previous 6xxx phones. Quiet in car kit.
lack of antenna
dated
Monochrome screen, brick, no mms/email
No Color Screen, Big.
software, speaker, production quality overall.
No standard ring, picture quality somewhat lacking, expensive.
No Bluetooth, IR port is useless, no voice dialing, limited picture options. No PC connectivity.
No Bluetooth
Can't set progressive volume rings, no picture caller ID, no voice activated dialing.
annoying SMS, slow web browser, no ring/vibrate feature, poor camera clarity
No bluetooth, poor ringtones and no java gaming.
No standard ringer, can not assign caller-id images, vibrates while being charged, no speakerphone
no voice calling, no profiles
pictures have small, little lines through them, and pricey.
Useless organizer feature, boring games, expensive aftermarket personalization.
graphics looks ridiculous as well as the ringtones and reception could be better
Feels flimsy, max volume too low, overpriced.
Relatively "Old", too expensive for its age. Low talk volume.
Poor picture quality, Useless Ir Port, Data cable not avalible in USA yet.
Only The Price.
No Bluetooth option, no voice dialing, headphones uncomfortable.
No blue tooth, no zoom in or flash function on camera.
Bad camera quality expecially in night mode and mobile os application not stable.
Turns itself off occasionally
Limited memory for phone numbers and SMS messages.
Offers more than you can expect from it, but not everything ;)
Buggy firmware.
Ear piece doesn't fit in my ear!!
Confusing menu system, lit display drains battery
People want to rip off the slide plate.
Need vibrating battery to vibrate, size
Absence built-in vibrocall, high price
Sliding cover, metal plate heats up after long use, no vibrating battery
Needs a vibrating battery for vibrating mode; external antenna
Not a very 'solid' feel, but of course this is nit-picking
Can't customize cover; bottom buttons difficult to reach; earpiece did't fit my ear
Button size and delay between screens.
Vibrating feature not standard, antenna
Can't hear rings in loud places ;No vibrating battery; a little expensive
None
High price and limited use with the palm pilot
Not many service providers offer this phone.
a little big, but i carry it in my pocket anyway.
A little flimsy and manually dialing can be a bit difficult.&#9;&#9;
Your friends can't keep asking you to see it.
Lost some of the features of the 7110
durability of sliding cover
It costs $99.00.....
no built in vibrating battery
static/ roaming when in home area
costly calls
Piece of trash!! Turns off sometimes, drop calls, doesn't ring
Sliding Keypad Cover could break easy
Over time, like all phones, starts to malfunction here and there
If you break the sliding cover, you lose the microphone.
Voice dialing for only 20 entries, price
No color display, vibrates so hard it is audible, annoying menus, no GSM support
Priced a bit high, but now well within reason, lacks advanced PDA features
No web or GSM, no useful keyboard lock, hard to change rings. Antenna can break!
Hard to add ringtones, bulbous antenna. Not much of a PDA.
Basic menus, no color, may be expensive without cell plan.
NONE
Bad alarm, ring/vibrate feature unpredictable, earpiece volume could be louder
Features may not make up for high price
Average ring, Vibrates and then rings if set on both
Stubby Antenna, Cost, Scratchable Case(reported)
no games, no alarm, not for teenagers
Service quirks, phone glitch causes loss of voice to other side...
Smallish buttons, three-bar battery level display
Loose hinges, bad interface, poor antenna, performance
poor reception, low battery life, big bulky antenna
Cingular could never make it work dependably to receive
Nothing
Antenna is not too stable.
can't download ringtones yet but should be able to soon
Warranty Replacements dont work  Drops calls often,LOTS OF STATIC
Ring tones, WAP, LCD screen
Price
-Lack of Advanced Featuers
Antenna Breaks easy, lousy reception
Can't download ringtones.
I find the V60t a little confusing and difficult to use.
poor graphics
battery
No speaker phone,internet accessibility or digi-cam,not compatible w.high speed data networks
LCD Is Not Colored Like Some Other Phones
a bit too small, a bit too light, feels flimsy, antenna juts out too much
Price tag
Expensive, not many "extra" features.
Price, Single Band
None
I still can't get a date with it.
Expensive, basic features
So-so battery life
Antennae sticks out, looking silly and breakable. Ridiculously expensive!
Easy to lose
Poor reception. Flimsy antenna. No games. Expensive for nothing.
Flimsy, Antenna, Short Battery Life
Too expenseive
Rather expensive
cost
Better ringers
Signal not always great.  Not in color, like many newer phones.
attenna
no color screen, not too many features,(but I am not interested) not made anymore,
speaker can be a little too loud, must hold microphone a bit away
Be sure to talk to your sales rep closely about what you get for $50.
Ring tones are a little corny
No Bluetooth, no camera, no MP3, no external screen
Small keypad, SIM Card warn out in 13 months, doesn't work most of the time.
Lots of what I consider "basic options" missing or hard to use.
hands-free thing is below average, doesn't tell me winning Powerball numbers
ring/vibrate not simultaneous, "cute" menus, screen dim in daylight, charger 'plug' difficult to remove.
Doesn?t have speakerphone.
Battery life without headset
See above
No caller id, hands-free headset not functional, and battery charger cover is not practical.
No external caller ID, limited accessories, charger port cover easy to lose.
No exterior caller ID, outbound volume to loud
Low Ringtone
its cool and cute for now until i mess it up.
Loud Speakerphone, No normal ringtones, Folder tone
um... it didn't WORK (at least not very well)
Mediocre signal strength
What good is a pretty phone if you almost never can get a signal!
No external caller id, No speakerphone
Charging port attachment easy to lose, clarity could be better
No external caller ID
no external caller id. charger cover easily lost.
Reception, lack of useful features, microphone location, text input style, sensitive antenna.
Camera detail isn't great
Jack of all trades, master of none
No bluetooth. Expensive.
Radio, Camera, Slow menus, Headset design, Build quality
Expensive, no bluetooth, paint on the casing not that durable.
Chunky by todays standard, poor camera quality, headphone socket is horrible
Screen still "ghosts" at times, Left and right buttons above remind me of 7210, Costly.
could be smaller, no good covers for it
a bit pricey for Joe average if your not going to use all the functions
Not the best sound quality.  Can't download.  Unfriendly WAP interface.
The case gets dirty rather easily
Dust under screen just me being picky i think
Orange backlight wasn't that appealing.
only can go through AT&amp;T
sometimes the display fades and I have to tap it
Can't really think of any.
none
the power button is too small
6162 flip front is awkward
a little bulky by today's standards
Coverage in rural areas (AT&amp;T), small speaker
A little big
Can't think of any.
Works poorly indoors.
Not good to look at
For new users will have to practice to understand features, big time phone guys might want to jump to the 6190.
Questionable build quality
Built-in games 2 tempting 4 recovering game-aholics!
gsm is expensive
Earpiece heats up
none
monkey's are not smart enough to use it!
None
None that I have found other than a thick user's guide
Rare face plates cause bouts of jealousy in other Nokia owners
Buggy screen, model is long in the tooth
Seems to get warm after 20 min of talk time
Reception at times.
Still pricey at about $170, not the smallest phone
no vibrating function, element of distortion.
sometimes inconsistent signal strength
Easy to accidently dial numbers
Relatively high cost in some places, Locked to a provider in some places, no data support
Product Quality (Display)
some accessories are cheap
needs adapter to work outside of GSM area
antenae may break off, no synching your address book with a computer
Poor headset design and no internal vibrate alert on phone itself
None significant
Expensive accessories
Flimsy antenna, could have better reception.
Hard to use at night
must be careful with it or it may break
auto dial a problem a times
depending on company, prices!
Too big for a pocket, no built-in vibrate
No IR port
Ringers and earpiece can be quiet.
A little pricey
can't force it to analog or select channel
Occasionally Locks Up, Bad Plastic Holster
need optional battery for vibra-alerts, and not that compact
I sucked at Snake
Some might think its &quot;outdated&quot; by new phones.
mechanical problems with display and cover
Same problems that all cell phones have, but also a volume-selection problem
Hard to turn phone on -- lots of options
None
You can not complete the call most of the time.
Easy to lose(!)
size, volume
No "Take Me Out To The Ballgame."
antenna doesn't extend/retract
nothing
No vibrating ability with default battery, annoying ringing options, expensive
small, battery, scratches
Poor antenna power
Belt Clip accessory isn't comfortable
hidden additional costs; lacking standard, practical features
No flip-top, so remember to lock your keys, or you might be making unexpected phone calls!
display went bad, but they replaced within days
Vibrating ring requires special battery
nothing out of the ordinary
frys brain, not too good inside of thick walls.
Screen &quot;dimming&quot;, time and date memory, battery connection
Obtrusive Antenna, Small buttons,
SIZE, SHAPE, &amp; VOLUME
Need to buy the slim battery in order to make phone less bulky
high radiation emission
Not many
Soft ring, need to use Keyguard
Have to flip through all the names in the directory.
No offered by all plans
No vibrating alert
None
Small glitch in the screen
can be a little expensive
nothing
viewing screen dims sometimes
EXTREMELY HIGH RADIATION
A bit large compared to many new phones, and needs a way to synch phone numbers with an external device.
Cars+cell phone= possible wreck
None
Poor battery life (nickel metal), fragile antenna, AND A BAD SCREEN.
NONE
It's costly
Price
Larger than phones with comparable features
Have to Listen to Boss
nothing wrong unless you drop it.
Cost, it's big!
Slightly larger size
Bad reception without the headset
Common screen problem causes display cut-outs
Size and weight won't satisfy the pickiest of cell phone consumers
It cost money to use it :)
Horrible reception
sucky games
bulky, quirky performance
Not the smallest available anymore
voice activation (calling, etc.)
All accessories have to be purchased separate
None
date book can be a hassle
Check the battery for the performance &amp; then buy it
Seperate Battery for Vibration, not a lot of Nokia color faces
expensive
None for me
talk time drastically decreases battery, does not come with desktop charger
none
Expensive, fewer custom covers available for this model
Games are ok
Navigation of menu
Had to buy extra battery for vibrating, new smaller phones out
slick exterior case
screens go out, bad reception
none
none found
LCD iffy quality, average return/repair policy
Its connections
Lousy display that sometimes fails
Limited Supply
slightly expensive.
Still building their services
A bit expensive...but worth it..
Price
No Internet
Haven't found one yet..  8-)
none to speak of
Screwy frequency, scratchy screen
Vibrating battery must be purchased seperately
completing functions my be cumbersome
Size, useless features.
low battery life, not very loud
none
battery life, component expense, picking up signals
Battery life in talk mode
Unable to synchronize with palm devices, doesn't work well on ships and boats, style
easy to lose
all ma friends have the same phone (individual ???)
low battery life, not very loud
heats up horribly, faceplates nearly impossible to change, randomly doesn't ring
none yet
current digital voice quality sucks
none
Its hard to hear sometimes in stores,depends on what store though.
1
Cannot download saved names
but its just not big enough
A little bigger than some of the competitively priced phones
Small buttons
Size
Durability
earpiece/microphone attachment
Phone seems to heat up
none
Poorly written directions for phone and most accessories
Antenna breaks easily
can not switch it manually to analog
light turns off too fast
Too pricey
The radiation levels exceed gov't regulations.
Check the battery for the performance &amp; then buy it
Ring too soft, Volume too low
too big in size to fit into any pocket
Incompatibility with other services
$$$$$$$
a little heavy, newer and lighter models out there now
none
none
not as long standby as 5120..little more complex to use
very beautiful
A little bulky
Nothing
like everything else
everybody has one
None, other than they are no longer manufactured or sold by Nokia
ear and face ick from other people
a little expensive
No durability, poor reception, do not last more than a year.
Bad manual, doesn't fit my ear!
Other than the included manual, none
Ringer Can Be Too Loud At Times
Ringers can be distorted, unless you hack it, prepare to pay Verizon for options
Sound quality.
ringtones, key placement
Reception?  Maybe.
Stated battery life is in dog hours, lame ringtones, ill advised outside buttons
NO GAME! Guidebook isn't very thorough, numberpad clumsy to work with.
Some features of the phone are not available
Poor user manual.
feel of buttons, battery life, ability to hear other party.
Bad manual, terrible desktop charger,so-so battery life, slow voice activation, CD won't work
Positioning of the volume and mic trigger on the outside of the phone. Belt clip.
included wallpapers, included ringers
The one self healing incident LOL
Terrible manual, side buttons too easy to accidentally press, limited ringing volumes
poor speaker quality, hideous ring tones, limited volume control
Pretty good reception, ok battery life.
Sound quality is terrible; volume is too loud even at lowest setting.
Accidental forwarding to voicemail (side buttons)
Features, sound quality, processor speed, ease-of-use, battery life
Loud sound, sometimes too loud, numbers and letters on keypad are blurry with backlighting
Very poor software
Instruction book terrible, Wallpapers limited, Ring tones not great
Included ringtones are truly awful, color screen hard to see outside in sunlight.
No Speaker Phone, Earpiece not included in the package.
manual, lack of games, lame wallpaper
External silence button that silences phone sometimes, less than desireable ringer/vibrate options.
??
charger stand, manual, navigation buttons,
Downloaded ringers not as loud as pre-loaded.
external buttons, recharge cradle, menu structure
Nothing really so far, but ring tones are silly
Standard Ringers, Instruction Manual
Battery life doesn't compare to my 8390, which would last well over a week.
Just a couple of minor quirks
Unreliable charger
That dastardly voice command button! And the color display eats battery life!
Nothing yet...
Poor battery life. Phone book name lookup. Slow operation. Text entry of numeral 1.
Ring volume/quality, inside display, desktop charger, blue keypad lights, small inner screen
None thus far.
Durability
Too Small (hard to hold), Poor Ringer Choices
Have not determined any as of yet
Worthless manual
Not a thing.
Serious accessory issues
Can't charge with desktop charger with cover on...nothing else yet.
The charging cradle unit does NOT work with the leather case on the phone.
A little heavier than other new phones. No games come preset in the phone.
Battery life, no aftermarket car charger will work
Battery life, antenna (lame), easily scratched, Earpiece volume too loud
Fails to charge, silences itself randomly, lousy ringtones, too big
Annoying ring tones, which are often too loud. Can not feel vibrating in pocket.
short battery life, nearly perfect interface but with glaring shortcomings
Battery life, and nothing else!
breaks down, changes functions mysteriously
The ringer tones. Selection isn't great but you can download different sounds.
Can't answer the phone while it's in the belt clip...even with a headset.
Manual a little strange.
problems with reliable reception.
none so far
Ringer tunes, battery life (?)
get it now!
Poor case design. Picking up phone often terminates incoming call.
Charging time, sound quality, options, holster
Quality
The very short battery life.
Battery life is very low
Battery life is poor.  Extended battery is needed if using for games, web. etc.
No Speakerphone
Silvery futuristic exterior flakes by just looking at it the wrong way.
Cuts in and out, not-so-great battery life.
A slightly bulky, pull out antenna, doesn't come with games.
Screen useless in the sunlight. Poor menu navigation.  can't remove busy background pictures.
phone case
Just read the review. 15 words max isn't enough to elaborate.
Listening volume; vibrate on/off; Phone Book Search
read review, there are just too many to list in this little spot.
Battery life could be better.
Functionality, Battery Life, Construction, Software, Lack of Features, Poor Antenna, Extremely thick
a little bulky
ringer stinks, charger is terrible, battery life
Fragile, poor sound, low battery life, etc.
Doesn't have a lot of extras like a camera phone
mobile charging apparatus has to be manufacturers own
Vibrate/Ring function and screen
stays lit while charging
the voice dialing sometimes is a little sluggish, but still i like it.
Text browser, ringer bug
Faceplates aren't easily changable
speaker tends to have too much treble & hurts my ear
???
user manual
can not talk without taking holster off.  battery dies easily from talking to much.
Poor manual and sketchy information on some settings
Poor reception, reliability, battery life, and sound.
pricey with or without a contract.  side button ignores calls if pressed by accident.
Vibration mode is not strong enough
Really, really weak reception!  Can't talk while charging.
1) only 199 phone book entries 2)No built-in speakerphone? 3)VX6000 out there
Battery will break off easily, Battery is of poor quality
Battery life needs to be extended (but still better than many competing phones).
No simple ring tones; can't turn wallpaper off; battery life nowhere near what they claim.
No speakerphone (not too many flips have it), illogical icon menus, poor manual.
bad holster, software
Break up occasionally.
I dislike the Navi button
Somewhat flimsy.  Reception is questionable.
Can't connect to the internet.  I don't even need it to do that though.
Has a mediocre vibrate function. Talk time battery life could be better.
None that I have seen so far
Might be too small for some tastes.  Occasional dropped call.
None so far.
No web access capabilities, can't receive special ring tones.
May sound a bit like analog - half a second delay sometimes.
Operating system 'bugs', Navi button can confuse new users, no web access.
Battery life is a joke; sound quality was bad (at first)
Too big and heavy, mediocre reception.
No analog mode, No browser, Battery life.
Maybe a little small for some people, can't really think of anything else
The display, vibrator mode.
The keys are very hard to read in the dark.
No web access. :(
still a ways to go on the voice recognition technology, batt. life, volume
Takes a long time to boot up or make a call, unimpressive signal reception
easily locks up, not much signal
No Back-light at night.
Keys uncovered and there's no clip.
Other Than No Internet Access...I Cannot Find One!!!
Big drawback is the lack of internet connection.
Not compatible with iStream.
Reception not very good, caused by mobile phone service (Fido).
The Phone is Small and has a Short Battery Life.
Fragile; very short battery life; cool features not compatible with my wireless service.
Battery Life
Plastic housing (although feels sturdy).
Size and weight. Not using standard headphone jack.
bigger than 8260, kind of heavy.
Switching snap-on covers can be a pain
not really any
Weak signal, flimsy and bulky. No web access. 2 hour talk time!
na
No WAP access
Small size (easy to lose and awkward to talk into. Li-ion batter costs extra.
short battery life, just okay reception
Weighty for its size
no auto-keylock, can only text message other voicestream phones.
could be smaller
Short Battery Life
none
Drops calls constantly, signal strength is quirky
Battery; No WAP; no PC synch
Third party covers are crap.
Everything else
If you forget to "Keylock", you'll be dialing without knowing
Loses reception very easily.
freezes up sometimes
Not that hi-tech...
battery needs frequent charging
Price ($100), additional for case, voice activation features not practical
Does not light up
battery life
A refurbished model w/ a broken battrey cover & Rogers AT&T GSM coverage.
Limited accessories at this point and no black cover!
Occasional Echoing
should have actual Talk/End buttons instead of the "softkey", hard to change batteries
short battery life
Unreliable reception, large size for such a simple phone
No color screen, screen size small, a little bit heavy and bulky.
Not that reliable
No display of how long current call has lasted, no PC sync ability.
N/A
Somewhat flimsy casing and buttons, internal antenna does not pay off in low reception areas
The phone can not edit phone numbers straight from scrolling down the phone book.
hard to download rings
Poor Battery Life, hard to change faceplate, Loud Vibrating Alert!
voice dialing has problems, bad reception in buildings, takes a while to start up
Not very loud, not always as clear as other phones.
No IRDA prort,Program cable not included.
good looking,widely connected and easy to use
No computer connectivity, Possible button problems, no analog
None
Address book, menus, backlighting
the reception in buildings
Expensive faces and that is about it.
Battery life not so good
battery life in phone, can only store 10 people on speed dial
None yet!
a little difficult to see letters on keys, that's it! big problem ehh?
battery life a little short
none
Not as small as some
The problem with the 3390 is sometimes there is static which disrupts the conversation.
I wish the face plates were cheaper, and the battery life better.
Terrible hands free - design model flaw
The 3390 aren&#146;t quite as sleek or as energy efficient as the step-up 8290
hard to change cover
battery life, ease of use
Breaks easily (watch out for this), no web access
smaller buttons
Mainly the size is a bit bulky- however much better than the older Nokia sizes.
No Vibrate Only Mode, Poor reception
It doesn't have a color screen.
few color choices
Battery life is not good, no wireless web support, cover is hard to change
reception not very good, low battery life
Too expensive, broke after a year, couldnt get email to work
Heavier and Larger and less battery life than the 8000 series
not many features, better if it had a couple more games
none
Sometimes buttons "stick"
Lots of People Have Them
Occasional "lock-ups" forces you to remove battery to "reboot", cover hard to remove.
None, except no internet.
Short battery life.
The keypad buttons sometimes don't work when you press them.
Can't think of any
No web support, short battery life
cannot store email addresses.
No antenna which means unclear calls
Feels cheap
lose it easy
faceplate falls off when dropped
Short battery life, limited games, no online access
Navigating the menu
Buttons are very hard to push&#13;&#10;Hard to change casings
None
Batteries, lots of maintenance.
no internal antenna, poor signal at times
NONE !!!!!!!
Nothing. Unless you want a cute fluffy flip phone.
none I can think of
Does not have any.
BATTERY LIFE COULD BE A LITTLE BETTER
rebate offer
black and white screen
some similarities to Nokia 5190
None, it's an excelent unexpensive phone.
Screen malfunctions, erratic reception, clock functions poorly and disappears.
none
The 5100 series faceplates don't fit the 5165 without buying new keypads.
It's old.
Not as easy to use as some other phones, evident cost cutting
Numbers and text very small, Difficult to see screen in daylight, Smaller buttons
not the smallest phone out there, standard battery has short life
Our old face plates from our last Nokia do not fit our new one.
A little heavier & bulkier than the others, No time-syncing???
None at this time
Nothing so far
Keyboard a bit small, seems complicated at first use.
No wireless-web
Price of accessories
A little larger than some more-recent cell phones, no Internet features
Leather case design and poor of hands free ear attachment
Bulky, and a bit heavy
No internal vibrate & dated games
somewhat bulky compared to new phones
Not a con for everyone, but connected through Rogers AT&T
Lacks some options, kinda large and heavy.
Vibrate needs 'vibrate' battery, hands-free set attaches awkwardly
There are two common problems with the screen and battery.
Noone really knows anything about it.
Reception, slim on features, menu, battery indicator misleading
A little big, comes only with NiMH Battery, Not Lithium Ion
Small buttons!
Lacks some important features, Add-ons Add up in price
Small keys
Battery life could be better!
Limited Features
none
Radiation Levels, long menus, 100 Number Memory.
face plates for this model are hard to find.
Somewhat bulky by today's standards; small phone book
Other Nokias have more features,no internal vibrate mode
Not very sophisticated
Locking keys is a must
Battery Life, A Bit Too Large
signal strength not as good as later phones, single-button system requires reading prompts
A bit bulky, trouble w/ Email, time-sync doesn't work, can't upload addresses
Too big.
Can't think of any
Sound quality is bad, Lack of more robust addressbook.
kinda heavy.
Short standard battery life,
Maybe slimmer battery??
Stout shape makes it hard to talk and listen at the same time.
Too Big,
No roaming information, great tunes don't go in alarm clock
None yet
reception, games, voice mail and text messaging hard to figure out.
No data cable for it, so getting ring tones into it costs you minutes.
Games...who needs them?!?!?
Not small enough to show off to friends.  Somewhat Bulky in a modern way.
Somewhat difficult to navigate,
not too many features
phone to battery attachment not secure
Problems with Carkit "handsfree" recharge.
Bad Reception, a little heavier than other cell phones
Bulky, does not vibrate, poor choice of ringtones.
reception is hard to come by
I wish the battery lasted longer; rural living doesn't allow for clarity
Reception not that great&#13;&#10;voice quality sometimes fuzzy&#13;&#10;no WAP (wireless internet)&#13;&#10;could be smaller
no instructions
cant think of one.
Bad battery fit. Auto-turn off on incoming calls. Battery gauge useless.
It's bigger than the small cell phones today.
none
Please don't drop it!  It breaks easily.
Small buttons, as most users will tell you.
Need to reset time if battery is removed, auto timesync not always accurate, small buttons
not for people with bigger fingers
isn't voice activated, maybe a little heavy compared to newer phones
small buttons, no belt clip
None that I have found
Bulky for a newer cell phone, durability average
reception
External antenna, only 1# per name in the phonebook, no reminders, vibrating alert sold separately
A lot of people have the same phone.
Sometimes the bells and whistles are too complicated.
Nokia Customer Service
too big for me
None
i dont have any     SORRY
Power button.
Slightly larger than the ideal cell size (for me)
none
price
none (compared to 8860)
Has an annoying arial!
1 number per person, bulky, heavy, short battery life, bad ringtones, no web access
none
Battery tends to loosen over time and loose contact.
The whole phone is awful
A little big
Keys a little hard to press, no wireless web
you have to buy keys along with the faceplate
A little heavier than other phones, also, accessories can be expensive at times.
Much larger than newer versions on the market.
None that I know of so far.
battery life is a little short...
a little heavy to clip on that hot little Friday night outfit!
Bad reception, battery slides off too easily, doesn't always ring
heavy, a bit bulky
Not too many options
Same old tones
battery comes loose it will disconnect your phone-Bad reception at times
Static is occasionally a problem
Complicated to understand at times because of small size.
complicated menus.  Construction could have been better.
Everything
Not too many features.
Static
Not enough towers
Too big. Ear phone detaches too easily. The battery detaches too easily
battery comes off easily, turns off on its own
Battery dies very fast, Cant use old face plates on new nokia
Supplied battery doesn't last very long without a charge.
Limited Battery and technical/manufacturing problems with first phone I received
ClubNokia not available in the USA.
Reception was a big problem. No internet access, no vibration mode
Can't dock it to a Mac.
I did not like how heavy and big the phone is.
Big, Heavy, Screen Isn't Color.
No com.interfaced,B&W screen,no viberate ring,Texts tones,good basic?
None that I know of
big
Lots of dropped calls & cutoffs, but that could've just been Cingular
Oddly large antenna, it gets in the way
Not Cheap, Less Features than cheaper phones
It's difficult to learn how to do things with this phone, poorly written manual.
Manual inadequate.
dropped calls, hard to use for some
Non-alphabetized phonebook, BUT this phone has voice activated dialing! Manual could be better.
Certain options may seem limited to some.
No voice dialing
cannot alphabetize phone book; manual not especially helpful; T9 text entry sometimes a pain
battery LIFE!
Battery life so-so, phone book access a bit cumbersome
Slightly clunky interface, can't open easily with one hand.
Horrible user manual and insulting manufacturer support.
Hard to open one handed, calendar isn't large memory-wise.
Non-alphabetized phonebook, BUT this phone has voice activated dialing! Manual could be better.
Buggy software and manual, no GPS or time/cost management capabilities
Less than stellar manual, price varies greatly, button placement could be awkward for lefties.
Users manual could be a little clearer and more detailed.
terrible phone book if you're used to motorola, bad manual, dropped calls
Phone book not alphabetical, Manual not helpful, Menus sometimes cumbersome
Horrible user manual, quirky menus.
Absolutely stupid phone book, can't read display with sun glasses on.
size, dropped calls, volume, menus and phonebook
Menu and phonebook
loudest ring may not be loud enough, attenae tends to stab me in the side
External caller id window gets scratched, the phone is a bit thicker than StarTac
Lgi's reputation, customer support, battery life
Clumsy/inconsistent user interface, questionable battery life, poor mfg support, somewhat weak reception.
User manual, menus take getting used to.
manual is okay but confusing at times.
Phonebook
None for the "average" user
Bad manual, quirky menus, so-so battery
Doesn't have an 'ignore call' feature
Battery life after 6 months, lacks some features available today
large antenna, battery life
The phonebook is a little clumsy.  T9 text confuses me.
Poor reception and numerous dropped calls. Thickness detracts from its overall small size.
poor at pulling in weak signals
Poor sound quality, flimsy, buttons too small, battery life too short, expensive
Battery life could be a little longer.
Thick, due to clamshell design.  Menus can be cumbersome.
Inadequate manual for something with so many features
The phone does not turn to ring only when a charger is conneected.
It is not as user friendly as other phones I have used.
Semi-intuitive user interface; Okay battery life; Poor user manual
sometimes does not ring or vibrate when text message
Very small when closed.  The phonebook is a little clumsy.  T9 text entry is painful.
Menu interface, documentation, support
use of features, batter life
Address Book
Phonebook not alphabetized by the phone itself, Manual is a bit hard to understand
Too small, it is hard to push a button it is so small
No auto-answer unless using car kit, alert beeps are watch-like and easy to miss.
Horrible Phone Book (not alphabetized), Weak Calendar/Scheduler
Phonebook, some of the default settings (explained in my review)
ringer/vibrator
Owner's Manual could be more detailed.
None
Battery life
not a "name brand"
battery and phone book
Manual could be a little more user-friendly
unable to alphabetize phone book, not user-friendly&#13;&#10;
Non-alphabetical phone book; manual could be better
Manual poorly written/translated
cant think of anything
Poor battery life.
battery life is average
slightly bulky, price
phonebook does not alphabetize
Battery life
single band, dust
Very short battery life - very limited volume on ring, accessories are a nightmare!
the manual isn't very good
Very Very Very difficult and annoying to use.
Terrible manual, no sync. software, high radiation, hard to find accessories, heavy, small phone book.
Instruction manual poor
Not quite pager sized (Hey, It's all I could think of!).
No alphabetical sorted phone list.  Battery Life seems much less than Startac 7768.
strangely large antenna.
Number of Keys required to press to view address book
So far no cons for me :)
Can't use half the features thanks to The Interface From Hell. Antenna makes shoulder-holders shrug.
None
BIG PROBLEM WITH THE FLIP HINGES ITS BREAKS EASILY.
Dumbest manual known to mankind, difficult address book, little support
Careful how you enter names, It does not put names in alphabetical order.
Bad design of the hinge - defective
No audible beep when keys are pressed for accessing voice mail, etc...
Phone Book, Cumbersome Menus, too thick
User manual, menus not the most friendly
User manual useless.  Phone book not easily accessed-hurray for voice dialing! Cannot download ringtones.  :(
Address Book Lookup is Screwy, Phone Heats up in Analog, Battery Life, Ring Tones
No Alpha Phone Book, Dropped Calls, Weak Battery/Signal/Volume. Poor Alerts/Menues/Manual/No Speakerphone
Too long to turn ON/OFF, only 20 voice-dialing numbers, battery life a bit short
Inaudible ringer, poor battery
reception could be better, sound quality not as good as nokia
non-alphebatized phone book, no games, bad rings
MANUAL, BATTERY LIFE, AND HOLSTER TENDS TO BE DIFFICULT TO TAKE PHONE OUT.
No Normal Rings, Outdated, No Games, Slow Boot-up Time
Terrible Web interface, No games or calculator, No voice-activated dialing, no speakerphone
Front face plate scratches easily. Slippery back plate.
long games load times, hard to retrieve a phone number
menus and price...
Too small?
Small, case creaks in my ear, drops calls, looks like bar of soap, unresponsive buttons
small footprint, animation poor, navigation could be better
small number keys
Bad reception, low ring volume.
It's a Siemens phone
can be hard to hear on
No Color Screen.
Long loading time, vibrate option is iffy.
Looks cheapy,difficult to hear on loud environments
None
Weak Speaker, Somewhat glitchy, Bad Voice commands, no full color? =)
Only available through one carrier, pricey, limited accessories
short battery, press any key-press to put through
Below average battery life, lack of accessories, no on-board programs/utilities, speaker volume
may be too small or light for those who lose things easily
Speakerphone capability stinks
Voice activation, small keys, poor battery life (after 24 hours, 5 calls it is dead).
very short battery life
Battery life, easy to scratch/chip, small/lightweight.
not as easily navigable as a Nokia, somewhat toylike
see:&#13;&#10;http://www.epinions.com/content_48058371716&#13;&#10;
Reception,scratches easily, voice commands are a joke
not very big
Battery life. Awkward phone book.
low speaker volume, no web capacities!!!
tall, no wireless web choices
low volume
hate the little antenna
None
Low, Low, did I say low volume on both ring and ear speaker.
Can only purchase accessories from ATT
not enough bang for the buck, bad connections
lack of features
Needs an extended battery (see review)
ATT carrier in the city
small ringtone selection
the absolute worst reception ever.  lots of dropped calls.
Shorter battery life?
Could be louder, high radiation level, battery life isn't impressive
No games
no games, no calculator, new ringtones require complex programming, voice recognition needs work
GREAT PHONE LIST...
buttons are small, hard to find accessories except on line or from AT&T.
Battery life, bad ring tones, hard to hear with background noise.
Very expensive. Power-hungry.
Some phone functions are awkward &#150; list scrolling in particular. Low battery life.
Battery life, screen in daytime.
Screen could use a bit of help, Palm/Phone integration not 100% yet
It's a brick, freezes regularly, screen on sunny days, serial connection
Large size
Screen quality in bright sunlight, Serial based hot sync cradle.
EXPENSIVE; only works with Sprint's PCS service; takes some getting used to.
May be inconvenient if you don't want to use a Palm device.
Is $500, but is perfect meld of phone and Palm.
If you have big fingers, you'll need to use the stylus to make phone calls.
Can be a little confusing at first
Old technology.  Obsolete and useless web browser
Don't Change batteries, Cost, Color screen could be better , Hard to see in daylight
will freeze on you; bigger than most phones
A little too big, some problems with 3d party apps, bugs, stylus problems
First Generation Product Still Has Major Flaws
Accessing numbers not using the stylus&#13;&#10;takes too long with scroll buttons
Graffiti writing requires some practice, dim screen in sunlight, poor speakerphone pickup
Small screen, hard to see screen in bright sunlight.
Silver/Slick finish makes easy to slip out of hands.  Accessories hard to find.  8mb limitation.
Fragile, lacks expansion slots, inferior case options
Is first of its kind offered by Samsung - could use improvement
No buttons for dialing * &#13;&#10;Dim in sunlight
None
Bad button placement, touch screen and call do not mix well.
Ringer volume, speaker clarity, price
no USB syncing..., sprint does not provide SMTP services for sending email.
No USB cable available, you have to get a serial to USB converter.
Hard to use one-handed; Goes to sleep (screen) while on speakerphone.
nothing yet.
Few.  Battery life is good, but a daily charge is needed.
Serial-only PC connection, blocky design sometimes hard to handle, FORGET about using it in sunlight.
Oversized as a phone, hard to see display in day time
bulky, poor battery life, screen not visible in sunlight
battery life
Screen brightness, no 3G compatibility, no downloadable ring tones, ringer too quiet, battery life weak
Battery Life, Screen hard to see in direct day light.
Size, weight, price, availability, reception, the hours of teasing edured from co-workers.
Prohibitively expensive.
Doesn't have full functionality of either a PDA or a Phone; heavy & large.
Closed system, not possible to install after market symbian programs
Maybe too much of everything
Poor clarity unresponsive keypad
Expensive, difficult to turn off, minor phone annoyances
Small keypad, requires Bluetooth (no data cable), battery life, a bit large
Small, too close together buttons on keypad.  Slippery plastic finish, hold on tight.
Quality of video-clips not as great as pictures.
Transmission quality not too great
NONE
Reception, Ringing Tone Volume, Battery Life
Poor reception.
I will never use all of the features!!!
how'd i make that call?
Poor reception leads to frequent call dropping.
Plain looking, Indoor connection intermittent
3rd party designer keypads prone to wear
No industry standard headset connector.
Bad reception in dorm buildings, Size could be smaller
Can't turn off LEDs; Some factors can cause echoing.
Can be slightly uncomfortable in pocket, hard to reach volume control
Not an ergonomic keyboard, SIM-locked in my case
Could be clearer, semi-dated
Dumb ring tones
reception problems
None for me.
is an older model so it lacks certain features
Since so many people have this phone, whenever you hear one ring, you always look and see if it is yours! ;)
Damn thing won't find or keep a signal!
Easily dialed accidentally.
belt clip
a little dated, no web access available
no vibrating capability w/o battery, weak battery
none
Antenna Close to Head, Some Problems with Call Quality
Well, I guess it doesn't give me back massages
When you leave it at home, you're just another geek without a cell phone
A little heavy
loose battery
Has space for only one custom ring tone, no voice-activated dialing or conference calling
must purchase vibrating battery separately for $80
now seems old technology
Battery life
none so far
Illumination kind of dim in dark light situations.
Sometimes has trouble picking up a signal where there is a lot of interferance.
Signal Reception, Coverage Area.
Bigger (than today's phones), Weight
Can't think of any
I dont have a con
none that I know of
Okay, so it only has 100 numbers, a few games, and a dozen rings
Costs more than some would want to spend
Banner changing
A little bit small
monthly charges add up
battery problems, phone malfunction
Drop calls and it only works in certain areas. It's not both digital and analog.
navi-key can be confusing when attempting to use in-call features
nothing
No Vibrate option for calls
picks up your surroundings more than other phones
kinda bulky
1. Sometimes poor reception  2. Many newer Nokia phones available
Does not support 3-way calling with Cingular
Loses battery power rather fast.
Kind of heavy
low tones/rings
none
SIM warm up is slow
um..none
Kind of Heavy
gets VERY hot when on analog
maybe a little thick, but still a trim package
Size, weight, lack of style and class, frightening unreliability, it's not exactly 'cute'
Static!
none
ends up costing alot to buy all the different things
You can't always hear the phone ringing, and to purchase the vibrating battery it's $100.00.
Small, no new tech features
Could be smaller
Wireless provider will determine your happiness
Read my opinion
can't think of any.
NONE
signal strength, i think this has to do with providers
Vibrate mode
not many for the money
Kind of Big
becoming dated by newer technology
Breaks easily
Weak reception, No Vibrator Ringing
battery life is mediocre
No flip front option
Signal Strength
Standard battery is horrible!
Flimsy?
Poor reception. Awkward user mode. Turns itself off with no warning.
relatively poor reception
Bad reception, short battery life
old now
Poor reception
Bulky, Menu layout
Could have been a little more compact
Have to buy a vibrating battery.
Nothing
No Profiles, RF performance, slow menus.
Ugly menu
antenna close to head.
Phone shuts itself off constantly
I use voice stream,,,, but they are getting better
What cons?
Malfunctions
sprint is wider
Bad reception in some places.
lacks stylishness, less then adequate reception
None
None
none!
can't handle too many fumbles
Not comfortable for long conversations
Better ones are available on the market.
Even with a cover, sometimes buttons get hit
everything else
Sometimes weak signal, even on interstates . . .
batter life not so great, can't store full names if too long
ear piece
Weak reception, No Vibrator Ringing
Not many features
Big and Heavy.
Expensive from Cingular Wireless, isn't the antenna a bit big?!
Small display, somewhat dated, interface just OK
Antenna, Display could be a bit brighter and more visible, adding rigntone
Antenna is vulnerable
none
bad battery life, non-intuitive menus, no search in phonebook, rings not loud
Lame games!!!! but easily over looked
NO FRILLS LIKE COLORS OR PICTURES
No Back-light at night.
Rather Large Antenna, Quirky Motorola V Series User Interface and menus.
Mediocre interface, lacks new features
Have not found yet
no ringtones, no way to change heading/logo
Sketchy service in areas without two or more bars.
No color screen.
Numbers don't light up
Battery life, little customization, dim in some conditions, pricey.
Battery Life, Buzzing near TV and Phones and long stubby antenna
Screen could be brighter, holster clip could be easier to use, battery life
horrid battery life, can't download ringtones, don't leave the interstate
price for average joe like you and me ... only one I can think of
More fragile then any other Nextel, not as small as conventional cell phones.
Battery Life, Randomly Turns off, Low Battery Warning, Must turn off occasionally
Compared to some phones now, it may be big and it doesn't have color screen
Two SMS is horribly integrated, service, expensive
Phonebook menus could be better
Not cheap to replace if you lose it.
Compared to some phones available, larger than one would want
kinda heavy, reception not always best
Should be a way to turn vibrate on without opening flip
Unusable holster, short battery life and always buzzing around speakers
The battery life like any phone isn't that great.
the on/off button is a little 'touchy'
Wish it was a little smaller
a bit biger than most flip phones
size of display, no custom ring tones per caller, limited use in remote areas
Can not download ring tones, battery life
short battery life, small display
stock belt clip easily broken, battery life no more than two days with regular use
non yet!
Battery life sucks, expensive, not many custom features.
Nothing!
When the flip is slammed closed it makes a oval mark on the screen, battery
a little high in cost, but then again, all are
kind of small size screen, battery life isnt the greatest
screen a bit dark, voice dial not accurate, bat life..
Battery life, electronic interference
Dealing with Nextel.  Poor service
no cons at all really
Price
At $199, still more than most are willing to pay
wireless web access pricey, battery easily detachable, small means it's easy to misplace or lose
no games
The price might make that mouth quite dry too...
Doesn't measure signal very well, T-9 "word guessing" software is annoying.
No games? Battery life might be a trifle suspect
No games, Wireless Web
voice activated dial sometimes iffy
Does not fit well in case, difficult to remove car recharger socket cover
maybe a little confusing at first.
Worst reception imaginable, laden with useless features, no downloadable ringtones
A bit expensive; no customizable ringtones; some still find it too bulky.
Somewhat pricey, may measure signal strength inaccurately
It is a bit pricey and somewhat too signal "happy".
A little pricey at $180 now.  No tri-mode capability
Signal indicator too optimistic, cumbersome interface for advanced features
none for what I wanted, but the reception is not as good as my 8500.
High priced, easy to lose (the belt clip/holster doesn't hold the phone
WAP browser, Sprint
My first one was defective! Retail price is too high.
No voice recorder, different battery to old phones.
A bit on the expensive side, but worth it.
Battery life not as advertised
no games, becoming outdated
Can't Download Ringers, T9 Word style of entering in info is confusing but optional
Cannot download ringers
Very few--only outdated by newer technology
Everything Else, Poor Reception, Dropped Calls ,poor Voice Quality
Reception is middle of road.  Better than most, but not as good as the best.
Ringers, Not all buttons are shielded by flip case.
Disappearing (is Panasonic even making cellular phones anymore?)
Bulky. &#13;&#10;Not many bells and whistles.
Size of the GSP 1600 is not small but you get use to it.
Price (but it's a bargain compared to others in its class)
Range
Listed in the review.
Somewhat clunky, window gets scratched and becomes hard to see through
Can't find a good headset
Sprint PCS service
none
None I've found.
reception, battery life.
Somewhat pricey.
Known hinge defect.  Short battery life.
A bit heavy
Digital service areas are still growing - analog can cost you extra money
None that I've experienced
none
Battery life, Phone book difficult to quickly navigate
Rather bulky for the size, battery life, phone book
Non-alphabetized phonebook, BUT this phone has voice activated dialing! Manual could be better.
Lacks dedicated mail button, some features are buried,
Battery life, thick size
Battery life with the included battery
Pain in the Tush to type in names
Battery Life
Headset jack, inputting phone numbers, 'goodbye' message when shutting off phone.
not Bluetooth compatible; can't download rings; awkward to look up numbers by name
Poor manual, phone book does not alphabetize, OEM battery life a bit short.
phonebook (can get used to it), alarm must be set with 24hour clock
Very small when closed.  The phonebook is a little clumsy.  T9 confuses me.
difficult to access names/numbers, heavy weight for its size, only 1 "real" ring tone
battery life, reliability, fragile
phonebook not alphabetical, switches to easily to analog in solid digital areas
finding a name is bad, Battery life is very small,
Sound quality, weak analog mode
Voice activation is hit and miss at times
No ability to disable t-9. No included software for scheduler. No ring tones
It broke several times!
phonebook not alphabetized, limited ring tones
inability to communicate with pc's
Almost TOO small in size; a bit difficult to plug charger into.
A confusing menu system and an antenna that is pretty flimsy
Flimsy antenna which has already broken on mine!
Doesn't always get great reception
Difficult menu system to figure out initially
Maybe a little too small and compact.
Antenna should be sturdier.
None to speak of
screen can be easily scratched, antenna flimsy when fully extended
No day/time stamp on caller ID, flimsy antenna
Some features difficult to access
Sometimes hard to hear
none
No calculator, not as many assesories as Nokia
Antenna -- just leave it down.
Weak antenna.
Hard to read display
a bit strange looking stock color choices are few
Annoying antenna and mushy keys make up short con list
Antenna seems fragile when extended, musical tones aren't "super loud"
Antenna could be better
Very low key volume, antenna seems fragile, small LCD screen, no games :)
Doesn't come with a desktop charger. Display doesn't show minutes used while talking.
Muffled tones (may be just mine), no proven track record.
Cheap antenna, buttons a little hard to push, not a TON of features
Bad antennae design. Cumbersome menu system. Bad earpeice ergonomics.
Buggy web browser, buggy battery meter
Fragile antenna
Poor battery life, dropped calls, fictional digital mode, fragile antenna, need I go on?
Flimsy Antenna
Don't like extending antennas, listening is more difficult than it should be.
Menu system is complicated
Antennas break easily, not E911-capable, hard to find a carrier for it.
Reception, Antenna, Accessories, Tracfone Service
Antenna, Antenna, Antenna, ever so small bugs in OS.
ANTENNA!!!  Somewhat larger than the flip phones, two leather cases both did not work!
small screen, hard on the hands
antenna easy to bend
Antenna, Battery Door, Faceplate Replacement, Analog Drops, Radiation
n/a
Sometimes confusing menus and dorky antenna
None so far!
reception is not always great, hard to hear inside w/ background noise
Not easy to read display, loudness of earpiece
The antenna is very flimsy, menu is fairly hard to learn
Low sound quality, poor reception, confusing menus
Antenna way too cheap/flimsy/fragile.
Poor sound quality, poor ergonomics, difficult NOT to scratch screen
...
Flimsy antenna (maybe)
Shaky voice quality
Accessories and phone are somewhat spendy.
Not dummy proof... well, not for me at least
none really....the color variety is a little odd, but I still love it
I've had all kinds of hardware problems.
Flimsy Antenna
Pullup antenna looks fragile. But rarely will you need to pull it up.
the antenna bends, and then breaks waaaay to easily, weak earpiece, not fully customizable
display is small, no one touch vibrate.
The antenna..what's up with this antenna? Blue lettering
low battery life
Highest Radiation Warning!!! VERY cheap construction, keypad buttons too small, poor display, overall poor quality.
I wish it rang louder!
N/A
Poor antenna design, charger jack wears out quickly.
noisy, bad reception
antenna is flimsy, navigation is better on starTAC(but very minor con), not a GSM phone
Interface, very basic phone, no calendar, or to do list.
Antenna is flimsy
Ringtones hard to program, charger is a pain
only holds 20-voice activated numbers.
Horrible durability
Antennae does not stay locked down when not in use.
Battery life not quite what is advertised. Antenna seems flimsy.
Keypad
Hard to read display.  Non-functioning voice dialing.  Bad reception.  Flimsy.
Horrible weak antenna. Get it wet and it dies
Volume,No Calender, No date on screen
Antenna breaks
terrible vibration ring, cant even hear rings, HEAVY, piece of crap antenna
NO Alarm Clock feature, keypad volume is not loud enough even at maximum
- Flimsy Antenna
quiet ring, antenna is flimsy
Flimsy antenna.
None
Basically Everything.
Fragile software, mediocre reception, low earpiece volume, hard-to-read display
Low key pad noise and fragile antenna.
the phone doesn't fit against your face right,and the send and end buttons are reversed!!!
Poor manufacture and durability.
non-intuitive menus and HORRIBLE ANTENNA
Beeps, Antenna, Reception, Charger
unusable in low signal areas, easy-to-scratch display
Antenna is a bit weak-but you don't usually need it.
None
Antenna breaks easily and often, if i had known, I would not have purchased
Face of phone small, a little hard to read
Poor sound quality & software
none
Cheap parts. Drops calls. Voice calling rarely works. No games. No calculator. Bad interface.
Lame ringtones. Don't like button arrangement.
Small screen can be difficult to read. Mixed reception in the country.
Dropped calls, Quiet, not pretty to the eye, bad antenna
Antenna breaks, ear piece is to quiet, poor reception.
The antenna, calling via voice, my apprehension about Motorola
earpiece volume, motorola technical support is worthless
Bad T9/iTap selection, self restart problem, marginal speakerphone
Lack of external memory. Cannot record video.
no video with camera, could be lighter, moderately expensive
weight, scratches easily, pricey, camera, battery
Phone Book, Lousy Reception, Battery life, Bluetooth implementation, Ringing volume, speakerphone
Battery Life, Camera
Price, weight, fragile build
Interface lacks polish, behind on features, high price, Razr is more desirable
slow processor, Voice Recognition, Camera Software
Poor reception in many areas
No video, no call restrictions,
Charging constraints, camera malfunctions, and movement constraints
lid feels a little loose when fully opened, not a big deal.
*no full screen on front
Lots of bugs, horrible wired handsfee sound, easy inadvertently change to silent mode.
Proprietary bluetooth implementation, horrible software/interface design that, lousy signal reception and poor battery life.
Calling glitches. Belt clip not included. Address book is clunky to use.
CAN'T HEAR ON THE EARPIECE
No expansion cards, no BlueTooth, long startup/shutdown times.
Key position, sluggish key input, Terrible speaker phone, Very short battery life. ECT...
Very poor reception, drops calls all the time!
Annoying sensitive buttons on the side, no video
Buggy external caller ID Display, slow when dialing numbers sometimes
Poor charger connection and bad keypad design.
Does not work good in-doors.
Didn't come with a holster or bluetooth headset.  Can't record videos.
Little bulky, not much memory.
EVERYTHING
Stay away from this trash
No missed calls list in menu; when in pocket ring tone settings are changed.
Low resolution camera, can't record video clips.
Can't record videos
build quality, external display bug
Bad design, slow response time, bad reception. Not worth the pain.
Weight
Cons?  Where do I start?
Reception not great "GSM NOKIA WAY BETTER", Slow interface, front scratches easily
Battery Life, Price of headsets and other bluetooth equipment. 5mb of memory.
battery life
Buttons on sides get pushed often when making calls or opening phone, can't lock them.
None, performance wise.
No flashy features, long address book
Can be too small at times, faceplate and battery cover are cheap
Flashier and slightly bigger, but not clearly superior to the 8260
May be too small for some people.
Headset doesn't have answer/hangup button.
Sometimes difficult to dial with teeny buttons.
Placement of numeric keys
None that come to mind.
small buttons
Very few features. No data interface. Small. :)
A little larger than it's predecessor the 8260. Faceplates chip easily.
slightly oversized for its price,
Slightly bigger than the 8260; Nokia added useless features in lieu of meaningful improvements
Price tag!!!
the plastic screen is easy to be broken
Battery life, cuts in and out, key placement makes dialing difficult
Minor improvement over 8260; difficult keypad; incompatible with 8260 charging stand
battery cover tends to wear of.
buttons are awkward at first, no web access
Awful interface, bad feature set
No IR ports
Antenna, Small Buttons
Antenna is flimsy.
No option for a larger battery...
The cross navigational key in the middle is ugly and the send and end buttons are weird shades of red and green
Antenna is kind of flimsy, doesn't look as cool as my Star-tac.
Plastic is &quot;squeaky&quot;
could be more attractive
Flimsy antenna
flimsy antenna
bad reception
ring tones, not highly atractive. &#13;&#10;
Keys easy to accidentally press, low ringer volume.
Doesn't have a calendar or other fancy PDA like tools
slightly flimsy
Menu's a bit confusing
Ringer could be louder,flimsy antenna
not as flashy as some others
Not to many faceplates currently out
None
Time consuming menu, plain looking, no extended battery
hard to assign onetouch dialing
none!
long antenna(when extended), rather large size, no calendar, ring tones mostly silent
Could be a little more "attractive," not a must though.
Poor durability & menus can be difficult
Key Guard must be used to prevent accidental calls
Material quality not quite up to Nokia standards.  Quirky but not ugly styling.
not very durable
trying to answer messages can be difficult.
None...
none
3-hour talk time.
STYLE NOT VERY ATTRACTIVE
phone can short out, battery life, kind of bulky
Case not very durable and antenna is flimsy
Too many battery problems, software on the phone doesn't work properly
not as fashionable in 2006
button dials could be louder.
Price, Cost of Sprint Service
Everything about the customer service and the agreement was of the poorest quality.
service, price
Scheduler is not as great as a palm.
OK camera, Gets hot!  A little loud
Very simple, not up to date.
That's about all it does. Pretty uninteresting.
Lack of external LCD (dusty and all)
No color screen, No front-side display (these don't matter to me.)
Lousy reception, dropped calls, doesn't ring
Need I say more?? Thanks for the rant space
THE HEADPHONE JACK! Static.
The Games suck
poor reception, hinge is not durable, ringer is not loud enough.
Lousy reception.
Always in analog. Kicked off towers easily.  No fun ringers and not a color screen.
Not recommended for feature seekers.
poor reception in buildings
No external display; button size; no external speaker
ALWAYS IN ANALOG!  NO INCOMING CALLS! Kills battery life.
takes a little time to turn on/off
Takes too much time to turn off
none
Plastic Keys, A bit on the bulky side
bulky
No speakerphone for calls or voicemail.  Speaker for Direct Connect not as good as others.
No speakerphone
Up button doesnt work sometimes,had the phone 2 years so what do i expect
Flimsy antenna, somewhat difficult navigation on web and address book
Menu interface could be easier to use
Battery endurance. Ergonomics.
Needs longer battery life
Very poor display, poor interface, did not hold signals
Batt life only slightly above average, voice dial recognized only by one user.
Big antennae and kind of heavy
antena broke off eventually, sand gets in keys
No frills
flimsy, not good reception
volume is too low. Needs more memory. Needs longer talking time. needs 1200 mAH.
Small, looks fragile, microphone quality, Headphone jack interference
Very expensive and limited services that carry the model.
Very expensive, not user-friendly, a bit too delicate
small screen, no download capabilities, no polyphonic ringtone, no built-in (or attachable) camera
Expensive; battery life; to swivel one-handed takes practice.
Small buttons, small screen, no downloadable ringtone facility.
difficult to flip phone with one hand, pricey
keys and display, battery life, menu learning curve, can be pricey.
may be too small for some, expensive, GSM service may be spotty
pricey, too small, priced superior; feels inferior
tiny buttons--can't text with one hand
Fragile, Hard to hear
Menu system a mess, itap messages, small screen. lack of functions.
$ bezel wear
Average quality, battery life overrated
Fragile-Looking, Not Fully MODable.
Low battery life, only single band, not in color
Small screen, terrible voice dialing, bad swivel case
Seems fragile, expensive, bad signal reception
at least consider about it
Ringtones are limited.
Way too small, virtually irremovable battery, fragile.
Ringers could be a wee bit louder. otherwise there really is none.
Gets burning hot with use
Produces heat during lengthly calls, buttons
Poorly placed buttons, bad phone book, long, expensive accessories
Downloadable ringers has problems, reception, awkward button placement.
Downloadable ringers are a little quiet.
Gets Hot When Talking on Phone, Hard-to-Find Accessories and Awkward Buttons
downloaded ringers needs to be much louder, button placement
Default battery life low. Earpiece heats up after a long call. Needs easily accessible keyguard.
Usability: poor button placement and organization, poor menu system. Light on features
no color
None that I've noticed, but being so thin it must be fragile
Programmed ringers suck (download your own), Wish Screen was in color
Small buttons.
Flip-tops are more convenient.
Voice tagging needs work
power on/off button, very soft ringtone, takes few seconds before phone shuts off
annoying power button, not small, erratic battery performance
Few software problems.
Software problems on simple tasks, no IR or modem
web browser could be more user friendly
Pea soup green LCD,
Low sound ringtones, kinda cheap plastic
Power button, minor software glitches, needs a bit more earpiece volume
Quiet ring tones, GRPS service not available everywhere.
completely broke when dropped once!
Not may official  Nokia faceplate options
everything else
Big, No Color Screen.
Ugly, blah ringtones, and BORING colors.
Small memory, dreadful tones, limited camera
Could look better, saves phone numbers to phone memory (not on SIM) by default
tiny fonts, high learning curve, drops address book entries, not durable, screen invisible outdoors
Tiny power button, no Bluetooth, proprietary hands-free port
new accessory device connector, stereo headset in box, no Bluetooth
slight menu lag, different battery size, battery life, headphone jack not industry standard.
Inconvenient headphone/handsfree jack, Price!!
4096 colors, MMS no sound, 4 chord ringtones , no built-in camera, pop-port, SLOW!
Still the same strange headset dongle; Faceplate is too thin.
Can't use personal SMS tones (but can be fixed with software upgrade), Poor MMS support.
No Voice-Dial
Extremely tiny power button. Hands-free Headset difficult to connect into socket
As stated above, the phone has really no cons.
Lagging menus, niggling software flaw, no bluetooth
Small memory. Could be faster.
Terrible, distorted sound quality on some handsets
Difficult On/off switch, short backlight duration, poor reception (service-related?), low memory, unimpressive polyphonic sound .
Little higher price, and the outer skin is not durable enough.
so new that it's hard to find or get accessories for
Housing feels "loose", cant change caller group graphic
Attaching a hands-free or camera, button ergonomics.
no camera,a bit lacking on colour display(only 4096).
somewhat flimsy cover, no PC connection
No camera, non-flip, price?
The cases of the phone are limited in color.
no bluetooth
Hissing in the earpiece
Volume setting too low (you cannot talk in loud areas), tiny power button.
The hissing background noise. Low maximum volume. Vibration not very good.
No camera
screen is hard to see w/o backlight, thick. Area codes needed.
Case, needs a reboot now and then,  volume button, general lack of buttons.
Bulky and awkward; expensive; no bluetooth or Wi-Fi; phone network patchy at present;poor manual
Hands-free receptacle plug just sits in hole, face hitting buttons on screen when talking
The Palm data did not convert easily.  It took hours to sort through it.
Mobile doesn't work then all the cons
Despite all the great features, this is not a phone without faults.
weak ringer volume, small keys
Slightly Awkward User Interface
Somewhat awkward in hand, menus need improving, long antenna, small buttons, games worthless
Small buttons
not a GSM phone (world phone), can't have more than one phone number per contact
None I can really think of.
Hard to read display, Ringer needs to be louder.
Address book takes some getting used to. Long antenna.
low memory for events.
awkward menu &navigation, small buttons, long antenna, little space for name &to do list
Port cover, antenna when extended, takes a bit to find sweet spot.
Can't turn off some sound functions. Can't download/upload to phone without expensive option.
Reception problems!
price
Menus do not cover all features
Keys could be bigger, ringer volume is way too low
Not upgradeable for more storage!
When I think of one, I'll let you know
Not PCS vision capable. Lacks full color display.
Signal strength not great at times.
Some of the features like the browser and voice dialing cease to work at times.
some static and dropped calls, small distance between microphone and receiver.
limited features
Speaker needs to be louder, monophonic ringtones
none that I can think of
everything else about phone
battery life don't last as long, not that many features, signal strength varies
The Phone! No Bluetooth. "Camera"
No Bluetooth, occasional email spam, marginal camera, potentially fragile, very few games available.
Letters on keyboard are tearing off.
lots issues with Java Script. issues with T-Mobile email system. not good for business people
Phone volume not so great.Camera definately needs work.More storage space would help.
Bulky,
A little bulky. Screen graphics geared to toward the "youth" market.
Unusable Data and Voice Service via T-Mobile
terrible customer service, sneaky billing practices, refusal to refund false charges
battery life, camera, poor tmobile coverage
On very bright sunny days, the screen is difficult to see.
Miniscule keyboard.  Price will make your wallet bleed.
price; almost too many features
Too fragile for everyday use
Painted silver housing.
Hinge is a little flimsy, possible reception issues, expensive.
Awkward, complicated interface
silver paint covering, uncomfortable belt clip, screen tough to see in sunlight, silver paint
Weak antenna that is easily broken.
The screen dims considerably after a period of time making reading it a real chore
Poorly Made, rubber comes off, technical problems
Screen impossible to see outdoors.
display small for web browsing
Web browser?!? What is the point?
Antenna (no biggie), no ring+vibracall, no calender (PDA)
Irritating ringers, menu system a little wierd
Price,interface/feautures,"creakiness"
No calendar.
questionable quality, not so great attena
Old base charger doesn't accept the phone (batteries still charge)
Price, flimsy (useless?) antenna
Antenna??
Antenna, screen, phone color
Antenna Stinks-always breaking, Phone belt holder is to big!
More features than I will likely use
Price. Display may be hard to read in bright sunlight.
A bit flimsy
can't use earphone functionality to fullest extent
Poor battery performance
I am not big on the silver cover.
Lousy antenna set-up. See review for modification advice.
Paint. Screen at times. COST.
Expensive, display hard to see in bright sunlight, antenna could be redesigned.
No voice dial, I really miss that . . .
Bulkier than a StarTac, smallish screen.
painted case, price
Meny structure is difficult and key arrangement isn't great.
antennae
Durability of Product,
Don't expect many colors!
some might not like antenna and small buttons,its better then you would think
Identical features to the StarTac, more expensive, does not feel solid and durable
small screen, bad reception, antana is unconvinient, breaks easily, low battery life
Paint chips off phone
Flips open while in rotating holster if not careful.
Bad reception, not too durable
Annena breaks easy but not needed. Large compare to new flip phones.
antenna, uncomfortable on holster
battery - price - radiation concerns?
screen hard to read in sunlight
See review body.
Feature-to-price ratio of a new 7210, mediocre screen, not enough memory
No bluetooth, no camera, not enough memory, short headset cable
No built in camera, keypad takes some getting used to,the irritating ON/OFF button
Display contrast, keypad buttons new design.
Some voice distortion (read below), Over-priced accessories, No voice commands
Appalling sound quality. Ridiculous hands-free. And very poor screen.
Keys are very small. Awkward at first due to irregular placement.
Some might not like the unorthodox style. (try the 6610 instead).
no bluetooth and camera attachment
Some might not like the unorthodox style. (try the 6610 instead).
Heavy price tag, No Bluetooth, Screen not "that" bright
Can`t send MMS, no Bluetooth, weird keypad
removing ear-piece from handset is hard.
Foolish interface, stupid handsfree set.
Weak vibrating option
Headset disconnects & screen de-lightens!
Slow UI, no 2.5mm headset jack, too big.
Keypad, voice quality, signal quality, proprietary headset connector, no Bluetooth
Too expensive
weak ringtone , poor handfree & keypad & radio
The price is high as compared to other mobiles.
Somewhat heavier than those cute little phones
None.
Flimsy antenna, small buttons, not too many accessories yet
Not very sturdy, looks a little on the cheap side, expensive accessories.
None that I see
Accessories hard to find and still somewhat expensive.
Flimsy Antenna, Ringers Could Be Better
Absolutely nothing!
Still new - few faceplates and accessories available right now.&#13;&#10;
sound quality is only so-so
BATTERY LIFE STINKS, DURABILITY STINKS
Keys easy to bump if guard not on
Volume too low, reception isn't always good.
Bad choice of ring tones, buttons noisy
A bit bigger than some
Bad sound quality
problems w/in the phone: too extensive menu, flimsy antenna, short battery life
Didn't want to charge!  Poor reception.
Battery takes 3 hours to charge.
bad reception
not one yet
It is somewhat big and klunky.
Not as cool as other cell phones on the market.
Hard to find accessories for this phone.  Battery life could be better.
"OK" and "Send" buttons are too close together, minor bug with alerts system
A little thicker than the older 2035 model
large size
None yet
Battery life is extremely short, and buttons are too small.
Bad reception, flimsy antenna, battery life so-so.
handsfree low volume, size must be smaller
battery life terrible, cheep junk
Flimsy antenna, very basic
Changing the faceplate is slightly challenging.  No other that cons I can think of!
Limited (Included) Ring Tones
Some animations and sounds can't be changed, having to download only with Telus online.
unusable picture quality, poor battery life, useless speaker phone, quirky features that you can't disable
Verizon banners, poor speakerphone, flat buttons
Verizon
Frequently dropped calls; poor reception; sparratic powering off; random battery drainage
Hard to configure; high learning curve.
get-it-now, lack of customizablility, verizon banners
Packed with annoying features - try before you buy
Useless camera, and "Verizon Wireless" message every 5 seconds.
Verizon Wireless banner, quiet ringtones, speakerphone is kinda sketchy
Speakerphone is horrible
green lid screen.
Breaks
reception, batt. life, call volume, quality
Short Battery Life
Low battery life, quality of pictures, design
Poor picture quality
Small Buttons
Can hardly hear on the speakerphone.
VERIZON WIRELESS forcing their name to blink on the display!
Relatively poor quality, warranty turnaround too long
The price and charging system!
Sporadic signal, slightly large, battery life not that great, Sprint Vision expensive and quirky.
not much, batteries drain faster than my v60...b/c of the color LCDs
Price, difficulty hearing, heats up, games, basic features
delicate casing, few bugs (volume), still Sprint
The big $400 pricetag, some customization limitations
A little bulkier than other phones out there, pricey
Bad camera ... should not be a combo. I've experienced quirks.
Bulky, Crappier Than The 8100
Awkward user interface (poor arrangement, too many features), phone goes "off-line" when camera is active
Price ($399.99), Size, Low volume earpiece
Dimly back-lit keypad, and it is a little large for a folding phone.
Poor ear volume, no speaker phone.
$Pricey
Cant touch the antenna, crappy reception.
Poor keypad made daily use it's demise
Lack of accessories, can get hot, keypad lighting(dim & GREEN, bleah), nothing else really!
You now have to pay for voice dialing
Web Browser is horrible
Reciever Volume is low.
Price of accessories.
No speaker phone. Fear it will be outdated quickly as other manufacturers try and copy.
not always intuitive to know what buttons to push to get the right option
earpiece must bee positioned just right for best sound, no cover for camera lens.
Not any that I can think of, I love it Just the step price.
earpiece volume could be better
durability/size
Speed Dial can only have 8 phone numbers
Poor voice quality
Very low speaker volume and proprietary Operating System
no camera or mp3
no mp3
Bright screen/color display drains battery, didn't come with travel charger
design and lack of games
Singleband
browser performance is sluggish, pricey, no analog fall-back
Not very many ringers.
Only single band. Washed out screen. Reflective chrome around screen. Screen on while charging.
Cheezy ringers, documentation sucks.
few games preloaded, no real power save mode/power consumption
Could use more memory for JAVA apps. Only 3 minutes for Voice recording.
Not as compact as other contemporary phones, buttons are exposed
none.
Not durable, two failed in a year.
BATTERY
no good holster/leather case designed yet.
Too delicate
Exposed buttons
Bulky, lag time in keys, 20 digit max entries in phonebook, antenna, no infrared
None
Icon displays are too bunched up together,bad leather case design, and limited phone customization.
Sometimes sluggish to respond to keypresses, can't make shortcuts to every item.
Not as slender or compact as some of the competition.
Horrible quality.
Missing some cool things.
Noticibly a Nextel Phone
I cant think of one.
Charger connection fails. Known issue. Out of warranty.
You cannot talk on this phone while it is charging in its base.
Broke When Dunked in Toilet
Several...
Speakerphone
voice dialing & speakerphone, color choice, size, wireless web
The Color Choice
Speakerphone&#13;&#10;Voice Dialing
Sprint PCS system is overloaded
SPEAKERPHONE SHOULD BE REMOVED
Voice quality patchy, Web service very patchy
none..yet
Understated
Size
Speakerphone takes getting used to, but still alright
Poor Voice dialing&#13;&#10;Doesn't sync.&#13;&#10;Poor microbrowser&#13;&#10;Poor support
Reception, reception ... did I mention, RECEPTION?
Web feature not usable at this point&#13;&#10;keypad not protected = calls from pocket&#13;&#10;
Reception terrible
No swivel belt clip made for it. Have to get generic stick on.
Voice activation not always reliable, awkward to hold.
less-than-perfect reception, larger size/weight than many phones
Still can not turn off Caller ID
no downloadable ringers
Not as powerful as other SprintPCS phones
Sprint only
Only works with SprintPCS, A bit pricey but worth it
Pricey
Smaller phones available, the screen scratches easily.
expensive
poor reception compared to similar phones
Older phone so therefore it does not have a color display screen.
Only 1 color (Teal).  &#13;&#10;Expensive  &#13;&#10;Speakerphone feature needs work &#13;&#10;Voice recognition needs work
None
No talkie on base, voice command somewhat interprative, &#13;&#10;leather case = dumb.
The only thing negative I can say is that the games are horribly silly.
Sometimes signal could be better
A little on the larger side compared with many new phones
Poor Speakerphone Quality, Erratic functionality
Should of made it come in several colors along with the teal.
None.
No Flip
Speakerphone &amp; Wireless Web Message needs improvement..
not many accessories
too many options, do they know when enough is enough?
Speaker phone, lack of third party accessories
No type of covering over the numbers.
The most important thing-reception-is poor
bad software .lousy speakerphone.no seperate controls for vibrate or ring volume (without adjusting the same time the listening volume
Very poor signal strength,  no support for new ring tones.  Speakerphone stinks!!!
Signal is so poor, gives me a headache
Sometimes goes into roam in big buildings.  Rubber piece protecting the handsfree broke off.
...no Indiglo Display, not Tri-mode, expensive...
No real ones
It is a single band phone ( problems with its range)
No calling card option, included holster makes it succeptible to losing bat. cover
short battery life, sensitive to signal strength.
expensive (duh)
Drifts into analog mode more than startacs, pricey
Non-intuitive interface, No WAP support, Thick
Battery life is definitely sufficient, yet not exceptional.
Expensive
Crummy original antenna, LCD hard to read in bright sunlight
none...completely satisfied
Belt clip is weak
Price
battery life, reception, price, not tri-mode
can't think of one
Reception, battery life
Distorted reception
sound clarity, keyboard size
Reception, small non-indiglo screen, no fancy shmancies like nokia, seems too toyish
Short battery life, Chrome scratches off easily
Price tag, only dual mode
Smart and Scroll Buttons, Antenna jabs into you on belt clip
Single band, a lot of returns
Antenna, Can't send text messages, Mini-browser
Quality up to par?
Flimsy, terrible LCD, horrid signal
None, none at all.
Terrible microphone sound quality, expensive
high price, bad quality
battery life is not long enough
No 2 way text messaging.
poor reception, antenna can break, small keypad
color is ugly
Keys leave marks on screen, standby mode.
Heavy! Messy Nokia User Interface...
Only the size.
Uses proprietary OS, Included earpiece not up to par, phone could use Bluetooth technology.
Expensive, mediocre battery life
Rather big and bulky compared to other phones on the market.
Tiny voice dialing button, slightly larger than other flips hard to see in daylight
Drains your wallet, but would you expect it too be cheap?
Nextel will nickle and dime you, it's pretty large, no graphical web browsing.
Recessed buttons (hard to dial quickly), button feedback could be improved, and slightly bulky.
Cost, battery life.
pricy even with recent price drop, battery life, a little too large, sevice canbe frusterating.
Pricy from Nextel, short battery, no distinguishing b/w missed, dialed, and received calls.
Too pricy
Expensive, Phone Book is poorly designed.  Phone is a little large.
Battery life
Exterior scrapes, Battery life!!
bulky
Slightly pricey, I have found much pricier phones. Kind of bulky, low battery life.
Bad Battery life, big and bulky
Just a couple of minor flaws
Voice Recognition on only 20 out of 100 phonebook entries.
bigger than a credit card
None yet
clarity
Paid a lot more just a few years ago.  Hard to adjust volume while using.
None worth highlighting.
Web Interface Slow, Font Size Frustrating
None
None I've found so fa
Ergonomics are not in my taste, but better than some others
battery life not to long
Weak atennea signal at times
Can't change the faceplates, battery-life could be longer...
Only 4 regular ring tones, other 11 are melodies
Can't figure out how to log out and in on web sites once logged in once!
None that I have noticed
My battery drains VERY quickly
Not intuitive, will break
No external antenna jack
Can&#146;t send text messages,  battery life
Long; Needs a More User Friendly Menuing System
No flip top
Battery comes off phone! Accessories are somewhat expensive and hard to find.
VM button does not (as one would intuit) to go VM, WAP sucks as usual
You gotta read up on the manual
none yet
Phone has been through repairs, hard to get certain parts, no good speakerphone options
No faceplate, even trimode doesn't work in some areas
Can't recieve new tones
Build quality, dismal web access
Buttons can be hard to figure out.
Web feature not practical
menus are hard to navigate sometimes
poor reliability
Voice activated dialing
what good is a warranty?
Price
None
none
can't easily adjust the volume while using the phone
if you phone is unlocked be careful of whos name you say, you might accidently call them.
key pad size.
There is a pause before the second person answers.
Durability,tech. glitches
A little Static
n/a
Gotta find a belt clip somewhere
incredible difficulty of use
none, plastic feels cheap
Flimsy Antenna
No good ring types, occasional echo effect
difficult to learn
None.
none.. I love it
voice activation is very sensitive you must speak EXACTLY the same as you recorded.
weird charging issue
crazy manual. not as pretty as some other phones out there. kinda big.
The ring is not loud enough.
Few Accessories.
sometimes hard to hear if you are in a noisy area
Speakers go out. Limited ring choices. Voice Activated Dialing not as accurate as older phones.
Big.  Only available in yucky dark blue colour.
FAILED AS A MODEM
Very bad reception (only_in_the_UK?!?), some glitches to be ironed out, lack of features.
Price is a little bit, not too bad though, especially after the rebate.
Some minor usability issues, "shelf life" of only a year.
Some awkward menus, shorter battery life than expected.
Small keys,not good for BIG FINGERS. Need USB Cable to get pictures out.
Battery life!! Reception, durability, speaker loudness or softness should I say
No Bluetooth/IR
Faceplate scratches easily.
No stopwatch.  No bluetooth.
no video recording on it
Unreliable, buttons hard to feel
Bad quality finish. Poor connector to the charger. Drops calls after 15 minutes.
Extremely low ear piece volume(in to my second phone, still the same problem)
external blue light turns on for no reason
very badly designed user-interface/hotkeys.
only available with one network, buttons on side can change settings accidently
- Some smaller issues such as better phonebook management.
Miniscule(very tiny), odd-shaped and illegible keys.  Mediocre sound and reception. No Screen Zoom.
Poor, poor quality... flimsy, loose flip. Buggy software
unexplainable break downs
fragile battery charger, poor reception, dropped calls, bad warranty
Ring volume, occasionally reboot necessary
buttons close together, dropped calls, freezes up when using text, battery life short
call failed, missed calls
No IR port, low quality ring tone, lag time on menu access
Takes a long time to answer a call, lose reception all the time
Not the best reception, poor build quality (speaker stopped working, phone stopped working)
none
Cannot activate speakerphone until after call is placed, no bluetooth
Non-reliable
Very slow, poor camera, call and end buttons backwards...
I don't like the fact that I cannot access the web hardly anywhere.
Not worth the price for such a short-lived phone.
Does not meet the minimum requirements of what entails any phone.
None.
Keypad a little hard to use keys are close together.
Call quality is not the best. None else!
sometimes phone freezes up, have problems hearing through the phone when talking to someone
Product failure!
Buttons on the side hit accidentally make loud noise if sound is on.
software problem ,ring tones not load enough ,
Step down from Motorola V400
Speakerphone after call, too expensive, to many bad ones with software problems.
The button layout is poor, battery life isn't quite what is advertised.
See above
Slow startup, small screen, no photo capabilities
Thickness of the phone, lacks speaker phone, No PCS "Vision" capabilities (can't send/receive pictures).
low ringer volume, occasional sluggish response,
appears fragile (toy like) and incomplete. poor data interaction.
Weak Speakerphone, small size, costly downloads
Earpiece volume not as loud as I like. Some controls not for bigger fingers.
Heats quickly, low battery, few features, no camera, no speakerphone, NOT A GOOD DEAL
See Below.
Ringer isn't as loud as I would like.  That's It!
low battery power with backlight on.
heats up, less than stellar battery life, breaks up a lot
Sprintpcs upload procedures, there is a way around!
Unsure about charges on internet connect & downloads, but that is all Sprint phones.
sprint coverage, sprint sms, sprint service, and no camera
No speakerphone
Tendency to reboot itself, awkward button locations
Capitalizes the first letter of everything and occasionally will not call out.
Terrible reception, drops calls easily.
Keys can be hard to punch.  No "normal" rings.
Occasionally Slow; Volume Dosen't Get Very Loud
Expensive, easy to damage, cuts off alot
This phone has many issues!
Didn't last me two years.
no speaker, nothing else!
Durability stinks!, operates hot and does not start quickly.
Easy to scratch, no speakerphone volume, SLOW Start-up, battery life a little short.
heats up quickly, mediocre games
Battery Life, Expensive Add-ons
Rather trippy graphics
1-way speakerphone, faceplate difficulties
Does not have voice dialing, as opposed to CDM9000
1 way speaker(9100 only), awkward size, faceplates hard to change
Middle of the road reception, bad shape
Confusing, Low Capabilities, Audiovox has been bought out by Kyocera
no voice dialing anymore
Mediocre user interface; lacks the panache of other Verizon phones
Not two way speakerphone, no alpha sort for phone book
NONE
Will not vibrate and ring at same time
Not as compact as some.
Not too many extras.
Interface somewhat clumsy
Keys almost indistinguishable by touch.
No Voice Dialing
Special Hands Free Device
Read my review, but the keypad is a big con for me.
No voice activated calling, some sound problems, slow at times.
ringer, no blue tooth, internet
no voice recognition, some dim spots on keypad, screen on outside keeps going out!
Not very durable (plastic casing), Ear piece  volume, not many accessories
VERY FRAGILE, doesnt last, Review based on 7 phones over 2 years, please read.
No voice dial or memo, no call grouping, phonebook will not hold addresses
no voice dialing, poor screen, buttons
low battery life, low memory, and does not sync to outlook
Phonebook/Caller ID, I don't know if its worth the extra cost for the color
Vibrating alarm not being loud enough (but that's all i can complain about)
no personal caller id pic
screen sometimes hard to see in sunlight
Expensive, no voice-dial
Somewhat expensive.
Minimal features.  Usability flaws.
No Voice Dialing, Cannot play "true" polyphonic ringtones, only 8 tones simultaneously
Dim Screen in light & no Voice Command
cant lite the front screen in the dark. indistinguishable buttons.
Low sound volume, limited headphone options, useless in the sunshine
has a software glitch in storing numbers
Is there any? --- Read what I have to say
Hard to hear another call coming in if you are already on a call.
Hard to hear ringer.  Cant hear person on the other line.
battery life, not as durable as most cell phones
Battery life on slim battery
Rebate program is a FRAUD!!!
Screen hard to read in bright light, ringer and speaker volume not very loud.
unstable software.
bad reception Volume sucks,battery dies quick
Low battery life, Ease of use, shortcuts
If you can't get consistent sound on a mobile phone, what's the use!!!???
Antenna pretty flimsy
Not web enabled
None
Pester folks from the comfort of your car!
there is really no cons considering the price of this phone
Flimsy pull up antenna.  Occasional echoing on some calls.
None
Bad power management
None so far!
Faceplates scratch easily :( Volume doesn't go high enough?
If I had a modem for it, I could get rid of my regular phone.
Bulkier than some newer phones
None so far!
Volume problems with earphones, no dedicated "END" button
My battery dies very quickly...not enough ring tones.
Nokia's poor CDMA implementation, no WAP, had to have phone replaced
Not wap fuction
not very fancy but ideal for most people
No calculator. That is the only thing I miss from more expensive phones I've used.
None known.
Flimsy.  Below average quality.
No vibrate feature.
Phone housing and battery mating surfaces allow excessive movement and wear until phone cuts off.
Pull Up Antenna
no web enablement
Tendency to get slightly scratched
not compatible with mainstream nokia accessories
Customer support
can't download other tones
Cant Download Ringtones,not loud enough!
Bulky (Particularly with a High-Capacity Battery)
Has to lock keys to avoid dialing if you put it in your purse.
not as small as some others
A little heavy and big.
scrolling through address book is annoying
Battery life, sound quality
nothing at all!!!!!!!
CDMA and Nokia do not mix
nothing really, no web browser, battery
terrible headset connector, high radiation level, no vibrate
Fixed antenna, GSM only
To get use with the menu sometimes seems a little bit strange
Dim backlight; Non-flip
Backlight display
IRda does not work with Palm Vx.
menu layout, screen brightness, ringer volume, some echo
Defective phone book - all numbers can be erased; poor sound quality
... reception(maybe), backlight
has an antenna, poor reception, poor battery life
takes some getting-used to
Sluggish firmware (compared to Nokia).&#13;&#10;Signal reception not better than Nokia.&#13;&#10;
Menu system is awkward, IRda support in Windows 2000/XP?
hanging, cannot stop ringing, slow
scratches show as case is colored on the external surface. No dedicated alarm clock.
Headset jack keeps dying!
Some interface quirks, PCS Vision service pretty unreliable.
Expensive, battery life slightly low, navigation can be difficult.
Battery hog, no 'regular' ring, pricey
Short battery life.
Short Battery Life, Expensive
None
Battery, pictures require ext camera, 10 char for names, volume/vibrate not separate settings
Name display doesn't allow enough characters; low battery life
LOUSY battery life.
Crippling hardware and software defects, short battery life, heats up uncomfortably during use, mediocre reception.
TERRIBLE battery life
PCS VISION INTERNET BROWSER, FREQUENT LOCK UPS ON OLD FIRMWARE
Battery Life soso. The battery gauge screwy. Sprint PCS Vision
No normal ring tones, 12 characters for names, pictures with camera only, geared towards kids/teens
Battery. "Classic" ringers not available through Sprint. Vision not reliable.  Detailed manual not included.
Battery life, Slow Message writing, No MMS or GPRS
Vision is overhyped, slow, unstable,  significant browser errors
Poor battery life, weak signal, less web features from vision than promised
Battery, Minor Issues (see below)
Voice dial is strange. Can only view and save pictures sent using the Sprint camera!
Web Browser errors that lock up the phone
No OEM installed hands-free accessory.
12 character name field!, no mobile/home/work icons in call history
so-so battery life, phone book, lame games, no calculator, among many other things
Phone heats up after long usage.
Short battery life, but Samsung gives you an extended battery free
the included battery, but they give you a better one anyway
none noted
horrible battery life
Durability may not be great. Hard to handle.
I have yet to find one.
Signal Strength, Signal Strength, Signal Strenth.
Short Battery Life, not user friendly,  carry additional accessories
Impossible to see screen outdoors.  Signal strength indicator horribly inaccurate.
Signal clarity is iffy. Hard to use. Buttons too small.
Battery life, price
battery life, heats up a bit while in use, mediocre service(Sprint)
The battery life seems to be a bit on the short side.
Batter life (not too bad though), no external color display (I know, picky)
Pricey at regular price, power hog.
No link with PC or supported way to get pics on phone
Doesn't do dishes.
Aftermarket charger voided warranty
sound quality sounds a lil staticky at times, no regular sounding ringtones
Shuts itself off on occasion, without warning
Bad reception, Fragile LCD, lack of quality of Sprint network and customer service
Shortish battery life
Horrible software, extremely buggy. VERY DISFUNCTIONAL
Clarity is a problem.
Confusing voice dial set-up, problems switching between roam and service, poor speakerphone
speakerphone is only half-duplex, antenna nub inhibits pocketability, call quality varies, only one color
The battery does not line up with the compartment.
Speakerphone is very sensitive, sometimes hard to hear.
Roaming...Not Popular
Speakerphone really sucks! Would not buy again no headset plug
Nub antenna, weak vibration
You can't down load ringers or graphics
Slightly confusing menus...
Not the greatest reception, best not used as a phone
Large screen provides more area to get oily, maybe a bit _too_ feature-rich
No external antenna kills reception in fringe areas. No keypad cover.
Limited service area with GSM, may pick up a lot of noise
needs better PC synching & Graphic software, Faulty battery indicator
Expensive, no keypad cover.
Poor reception due to internal antenna
Still trying to find one
Costly
Slow interface, poor reception, very complicated system
voice dialing a pain
GSM network not built up yet
Reception is so-so, menus could be much faster.
Poor reception, unprotected face, cheap feel
UI far from Nokia class
Weak antenna, flaky software, only 256 colors
Locking/Unlocking the phone is a pain, screen is hard to read, poor reception
Keypad can wear out over time, Joystick can access the wrong item sometimes
Awful Phone
Key lock unlocks when you get a call and slide switch on side is annoying.
Often Misunderstood Capabilities, Reception Below-Average, Complex Menus
The new software upgrade
No faceplates, freezes up about one daily, top left light never stops blinking
Bad reception, slow reaction to user and not very user friendly.
Terrible reception
Reception, build quality
Some limited features
Too trivial to even be worth mentioning here.
A little heavy, poor battery life
Not many, still want that camera phone. LOL
Speaker on back is located in a horrible spot that is easy to block.
Battery life, case hard to find, smallish display, not "small" by today's standards.
Battery Level, Small buttons
Pricey, battery life, inconsistent signal
Battery life, text messaging is inferior to other carriers, bulky antenna, cannot fit in pocket.
I have had problems with devices that attach to the charge/data port.
phone can be complicated at times, disco lights only work with pre installed ringtones,
Pricey, learning curve. May be more to manage/set up than some users care for.
battery life when text messages & talking, antenna & signal strength.
Slow on/off time, voicemail rings(3 only), not many physical personalize options(face plates, antennas, etc)
Expensive for what you actually get, bulky in size/weight.
If you are upgrading from i90, it will be a waste of time and money.
staticy and choppy,a lot of drop calls,battery runs out quickly:(
No alarm clock
Very poor reception, unsupportive customer service
Good GPS functions require additional fee, small screen , battery cover squirms when keys pressed
Not reliable ! Needs more ringer choices.
Phone is to hot.  Numbers keep falling off. Speaker keeps falling off.
Bad Reception,Software Issues,Horrable Customer Care
Big, slow, expensive
it breaks,
heavy, small screen, Nextel service has been poor in 06
Poor reception, screen turns white, pricey for what it is.
batery life,
no camera function
Horrible battery life. Requires charging every single day.
battery usage is not on part.... need more battery life
Ok batery life, small screen, little too big
Awful battery life, nextel reception, no notes
None that I can find.
Just a bit bulky, hard to find volume on side without looking
Terrible sound quality.
bulky and kind of big, not as attractive as the other phones out there
No bluetooth, vibration alert too weak, slow response time.
horrible reception, cannot use in car, weak vibrate option, NO CALL LOG, cheap feel
annoying beep, fluctuating reception strength, voice mail message announce, mind of its own
Not good when reception is low
battery could be stronger,small memory
doesn't have all the bells and whistles of fancier phones, no games or web browsing
Needs more rings before going to voicemail -- not adjustable
Skimpy on features other phones have.&#13;&#10;- Difficult to navigate phone without learning the "shortcuts"
Clunky navigation, light on features, no internet
No MMS or coloured screen, memory may be lacking for some, monophonic.
may be too small
Such an old model, no color screen, no multimedia, no wireless imaging
Nokia 8210 is high quality, but a little bit expensive.
Software problems.  Many phones become unusable.  Freezes.  Shuts down.  Screen very bad.
It doesn't have voice command and the reception is just fair.
Can hit the lock key without knowing it
"Travel" charger not suitable for travel, sound quality/reception could be better
Games suck.
No face protection, have to manually set clock and date, weird email setup.
Not as high-tech as other costlier models. Vibrating ring could be stronger.
Ping-pong messages don't always work, can't get onto the Internet
No color screen
No address book, no Internet
Poor coverage and dropped calls, no solution offered by provider.
Bad ringer choices
Ring tones, $35 activation fee
Rubber earphone cover difficult to remove, Doesn't sync time and date, "Cute" styling :)
Headset fails easily, limited availability of accessories.
background noise irritates people on other end
Not great battery life
Short battery life. Calls get cut all the time. Annoying beeps.
Battery life
Short battery life
It is extremely lightweight and subject to loss if not kept an eye on!
Short Battery Life.
A little pricey though.
NO Internet connections,horrible games,no voice dialing
Poor reception from carrier.
ring tone choices are few.
not WAP internet compatible, no hi speed data transfer capability
Battery life, accessories
Network Selection Issues
Talk and ringer volume not loud, vibrates very softly, cannot download screensavers.
No snooze on Alarm clock, bad reception
absolutely none
Not many features or extras
no voice-dialing, games could be better
This phone is ssslllooowww. Has lots of bugs in its operating system!
sound quality
LOW BATTERY ALARM (LOUD and not adjustable). Vibration is poor.  Ringtones are annoying.
It had no color and the buttons were too close together. It had no web.
When wearing on a belt with a case (samsung) ,phone sometimes flips open.
The little rubber plug that you have to lift to plug in the headset.
poor reception
Could have better sound quality, no color screen
Not quite as high tech as some of the other phones these days.
Doesnt ring loud enough.   Having to switch between num mode and abc mode sucks.
slow cpu
None, except if you want a camera phone and internet.
Battery life could be better
OK Reception. Only 3 download spaces for rings. OK durability.
No GPRS, slightly complicated menu structure.
user friendly???
Battery Charge Indicator declines unevenly; Price is higher than other cell phones
Call time does not automatically display
battery life short, will not broadcast in buildings
Will not ring and vibrate simultaneously, some rings on highest volume are hard to hear,
Cheaply made case,low battery life
Much less battery life than promised.
None
Antenna seems flimsy, but easy to replace if broken, Expensive Batteries!&#13;&#10;
Hard To Use, Not Nearly As Clear As Other Cell Phones In The Same Class
None
missing good PIM features.
None that I can find....
People might laugh at your love for the inanimate.
Awful software ease of use, terrible call clarity, and terrible reception strength.
not very cool-looking
None really
Costly accessories, phone can't run from adapter alone, awkward user-interface
Accessing voice mail is bothersome, and there's a small selection of ring tones.
Features (read Internet) require extra fees.
doesnt get a very strong signal when travelling
Surprisingly poor battery life even in digital mode.
gold face plate standard
No calendar/PIM, Lack of shortcuts
none so far
cheesy ringers (IMHO)
*horrible* reception, cheap build,  did I mention horrible reception???
Harder to use than nokia
Flimsy antenna.
Squeaky, Not so attractive
Short battery life in analog areas, Antenna is useless
Ugly
No Voice Dialing
small screen
Little Flimbsey, battery power, antenna isn't stubby.
Seems a little thin when talking for long periods of time.
Menu not very user friendly
The screen is not easy to read in direct sunlight.
Unfriendly user interface, not alot of features, Qwest's service`
The ringer is not loud enough.  Poor earphone sound quality.
Minor things like cheap antenna, average battery life, confusing menu setup and an occasional echo.
I haven't discovered any yet, but I've only had this phone a few weeks.
?? Mine came with a gold cover, I would rather have a black one.
The hands-free kit is of poor quality. But that elsewhere.
Battery life deteriorates FAST!
None
Not having one
Signal loss, echo, no web capability
Echoes, lost calls.
none
GTE's policies on replacement.
Voicemail can be tricky
Lack of easy availability of parts
Not exactly the most &quot;high-tech&quot; of phones currently available.
awkward vibrate mode; can't program different rings for diff callers; not web enabled
Distorted voices occassionally
none
Inconsistent
Doesn't do the advertised stand-by time
Poor leather case design
Intermitant power off
no voice dial, no one button access to address book
Lack of caller ID features
none
none for my use  - maybe for use with PC
Looking a little large and dated
no frills (like WAP), strange rings
Weak vibrating alert
I have found none
On the power cord, calls drop!
horrible accessories, clunky design
Non-alphabetized address book
nothing
Availability of accessories is limited, no resetable minute counter
none
not the smallest phone
Electronics
Cumbersome menus, drops long calls.
Not reliable
Unreliable.
Too large to wear at the waist; battery life is rather short.
Too large to wear comfortably, static
service with Tracfone is very expensive
Battery life is not that hot
none that I have found
Battery will lose charge if kept in extreme hot or cold conditions.
not the smallest cell phone available
Not the best choice for a business person.
not digital
bigger and less cool than other phones
Choosing this Nokia 918 from other phones
need more options for covers!
Up to $3.16/minute when roaming!
Clarity of calls not always very good; antenna doesn't alleviate static
None.
ear piece occasionally hard-to-hear in
Low battery life, poor reception
Not one!
Mine had quite a few quirks
activation process is a little long
no vibrate feature, no VM indicator
Short battery life
The battery runs out quick when using it alot.
none
short battery life
not many features, a little heavy, poor battery life, not great clarity
That people dont pay attention to the road when they are using cell phones
Larger than the newer phones
Hot base, short battery life
Can't easily find accessories for it...
Slightly bulky, expensive accessories
None that I can think of
Analog
ringer is irritating; buttons push easily
no caller ID
none yet
Battery life is only adequate
The battery goes dead after talking for ten minutes.  Everything
Kind of big as cell phones go.
Sound Isn't Clear, Dropped Calls, Poor Battery Life
prepaid minutes more expensive
none
Analog.  Fragile antenna.
None.
overheats too much, TracFone too expensive, phone too old to reprogram for current service plans
none
Recharging required often; finding accessories
Still needs periodic reactivation; phone cannot be used with other services
Antennae breaks easily
none!
of course it doesn't have all the modern features
I cannot think of any.
battery time
nine
I can't think of any
Heavier than some cell phones.
weight
A little large by today's standards; old technology; pretty sure no longer available new
analog technology only, length of life
Short Battery Time
None as far as I'm concerned
Larger model
Analog, not digital.
could use better lighting in keypad and display.
short battery life
Some options are inoperative
Short battery life, occasional static
occasional fuzzy spots
short battery life
Power button awkward to use at times
the only con is i don't have more free minutes to use it!!!!
needs vibrating ring mode
none known yet
Too large, soft ringing volumes, bad display, Horrible talk/standby time,too basic&#13;&#10;
Time Ticks Off When You First Start Dialing, NOT at Pickup; Setup Takes Patience
sometimes loss of signals
Always having to take the  book around if your a forgetful person
Weak and cheap
Slightly fuzzy connections;  lengthy recharges
NONE
cost a lot
none for me
accessories poor - no portable mobile antenna
can't call out of servicing area
It is analog and has no battery life.
A bit large to carry
The only color is black
Doesn't ring loud enough
could use a more durable antenna
antenna and battery size
unreliable reception, weak battery
some audio distortion
Bad reception, not much memory.
size
It is on the big side, but so what.
none
Poor battery performance, poor construction
not too many ringing types and more storage of numbers
It gets bad reception if living an area where there are alot of mountains
none
none
Not many choices feature wise
Needs car adapter- - short battery life
haven't found one!!
Talk/Standby time less than optimal
Cell phones can be a pain
none so far
If you don't have one you should get one
Battery gets hot
Scratchy, short battery life, easy to break
Old.
As with any cell phone, service can be expensive.
Not very good range of clear speech.
bad connection
NONE
range
antenna is easy to hit
tall (approx. 7"),
Everything
customer service takes FOREVER to get ahold of
only analog, flimsy antenna
somewhat expensive, minutes add up
No caller ID on mine.
non digital; very limited selection of rings
to big, not enough features
Battery
It always breaks
None
none that I can find
Still looking
Can break if misused a lot.
none
Expensive Service Plans
Additional phone time can be expensive if you do not shop around.
It is a bit larger than some phones
is kind of big
The volume is a little low.
sound volume
it wasn't worth that much
Nothing that I can find
None so far
attitude
none
It's not worth your penny.
When your phone goes dead you need to get a new number.
No serial connector.
Finger-hurting keypad and buttons; Sluggish feedback from the UI; The backlit brightness fluctuates
Unreliable, small pokey keys, small screen, "afterdesign" over older hardware, gets grubby easy.
Sporadic malfunctions, compared w/ Nokias--not user friendly.
battery life, can't download ringers
Bulky with echo.
some bugs, marginal documentation / support, No IR or Bluetooth, no color screen
Ringer, message alerts, interface, text entry need refinement.  Expensive accessories.
Ring tone and alerts could be louder
ring volume, sound quality price.
No voice dialing, a bit confusing menu, few and expensive accessories
Could have a game or two come standard, no speakerphone.
Ringer / Vibrate are weak. Menu Design a bit confusing.
The Ring Tone Controversy (see below) and Unintuitive Menus
leather case comes off, hard to learn features, must remove case to charge.
User-selected ring volume works only when phone is OPEN!! Wait, there's more!
Battery life, RINGER, Durability
Verizon completely removed Voice Dialing on this supposedly "Upgraded" Phone.
Weak Ringers!
Defective case makes creaking noises
Ringer volume WAY too low, poor user interface
Short-lived since it only lasted one year, two months.
Low Volume Ringers and Capacity for new Ringtones
Limited (and very bad) ring tones, too much money for this phone
Limited ring tone selection.
hard to navigate menus
Ring tone is not very loud
none as of yet
Battery tends to go dead fast.
Because it provides so much, it's not for the casual cell phone user.
Flimsy Antenna, and a Few Others...
better for business
Some design flaws, misc semi-common problems
price, plan charges, sound quality, antenna
lousy service in the Detroit area
battery life, sudden phone shutoff, sudden call drops
NONE
Complicated, awkward, short battery life
a little awkward
some deadspots in suburbs, no way to turn off 'answer on flip open'
Skyscrapers cause signal drop-outs.
flimsy flip top, uncomfortable against the ear, elaborate programming methods are confusing
None so far
Little talk/standby time; no good features
Cost of service, earpiece volume.
needs more ringer tunes
Not very user-friendly
Somewhat bulky, service can be expensive
A lot of dead air time
Battery life, Flimsy Antenna
difficult to use, high rate plans
Not always readibly accessible when on train going to office and returning home.
no fun ring tones, a little heavy
Easily damaged if dropped
Phantom messages. Uncomfortable over time
Haven't found any yet
signals, clearity, and many others
Airtime in not free.. :) Once you use this phone you will burn some airtime.
Costs extra for Caller ID
clunky compared to newer phones, can short circuit in heavy rain
needs better battery
Flip comes off, dropped calls, bad reception
Harder to find than newer flip-phone models
Readylink not practical, battery life, quality of speaker phone, Not Durable!
A few buttons are not well-lit, No SMS Text messaging
Battery life is terrible
Battery life is terrible Not enough people using ReadyLink
No text messaging
Ancillary services are poor, such as PCS Vision, Ready-Link.
Low battery life compared to other phones I've owned.
Menu System, Battery Life, No Add on Face Plates. Phone Dents easily
keys could be too small and cumbersome for text messaging, battery power short
Reception only average, poor menu system, lousy manual
No internal vibrate feature,only works with the awful AT&T service &#13;&#10;
very small screen, poor Palm-Phone integration, no expansion
Should be 15% smaller, no expansion slot , color screen would be way cool.
A little big and heavy...
Dual-OS environment, no apparent way to send SMS messages
A little bulky for a phone; no memory slots
Serial sync cradle.
No memory slot.
Expensive, slightly bulky, horrible company to deal with for support
Poor backlighting; Heavy
Big, Speaker phone not too usable.
Eudora internet browsing does not support online secure transactions
Big for a phone
bulky; no color display; ringer is a little soft
isn't tightly integrated
Large Screen Size, Monochromatic Screen, NO downloadable ringtones
None
wish it were even smaller! Be careful, minutes go quickly while surfing!
weight, form factor, backlight
Poor design, horrible contacts
Big and clunky, anything BUT hassle-free.
BIG, not color, no expansion capability
Small for a palm, large for a phone
Backlight is ok for phone functions, but useless for Palm apps.
"Acceptably small" means bigger than would make most happy...jog dial is moderately annoying.
Screen is hard to read.  No protective cover.
Still a bit bulky and reception goes in and out and no expandability.
Really bad screen with frustrating backlight options
No memory chip.
Ugly Case that cost extra.&#13;&#10;No expansion module slot.
Does not work FOUR phones dead in a week
No carrying case or accesories included, despite the hefty price 549.99!
Bigger than "small" cell phones, uses Palm-style inverse backlighting
Perhaps a little bit bit but it is the compromise with the Palm !
Crashes (but saves data)
NO USB port.  TERRIBLE Sprint/Kyocera service to fix major bug.
Doesn't run all palm apps, speakerphone sound less than great.
Horrible quality phone.
Complex.  Could be simplified.&#13;&#10;Would have paid more for some amenities.
Upgradeability
SprintPCS Only, Bulky, Slow contact lookup, Clumsy side switch; quiet ringer
Heavy, poor reception, phone part can be tricky to operate with one hand.
Black and white display; speakerphone is hard to hear
Size, poor integration ergonomics&#13;&#10;Very weak ringer
Nothing that would keep me from buying it again.
Expensive and still quite cumbersome
too monstrous to carry as all-access cell phone
No USB sync, backlight poor
size, some wierdness with switching between phone and Palm modes
Need a slightly larger font&#13;&#10;Wish "Wake-Up" would work when on battery power
Reception inside some buildings is difficult.
Glass LCD screen (but most Palms seem to have that)
Can't think of any
small screen size; slow remote syncs
If the phone had the speaker phone ability it would rule.
Internal contacts on number pad are terrible, random numbers displayed, must try redialing at times.
large, heavy, no color screen
inability to upgrade the OS, monochrome screen, no sd, cf or bluetooth
very small screen, poor Palm-Phone integration, no expansion
Should be 15% smaller, no expansion slot , color screen would be way cool.
A little big and heavy...
Dual-OS environment, no apparent way to send SMS messages
A little bulky for a phone; no memory slots
Serial sync cradle.
No memory slot.
Expensive, slightly bulky, horrible company to deal with for support
Poor backlighting; Heavy
Big, Speaker phone not too usable.
Eudora internet browsing does not support online secure transactions
Big for a phone
bulky; no color display; ringer is a little soft
isn't tightly integrated
Large Screen Size, Monochromatic Screen, NO downloadable ringtones
None
wish it were even smaller! Be careful, minutes go quickly while surfing!
weight, form factor, backlight
Poor design, horrible contacts
Big and clunky, anything BUT hassle-free.
BIG, not color, no expansion capability
Small for a palm, large for a phone
Backlight is ok for phone functions, but useless for Palm apps.
"Acceptably small" means bigger than would make most happy...jog dial is moderately annoying.
Screen is hard to read.  No protective cover.
Still a bit bulky and reception goes in and out and no expandability.
Really bad screen with frustrating backlight options
No memory chip.
Ugly Case that cost extra.&#13;&#10;No expansion module slot.
Does not work FOUR phones dead in a week
No carrying case or accesories included, despite the hefty price 549.99!
Bigger than "small" cell phones, uses Palm-style inverse backlighting
Perhaps a little bit bit but it is the compromise with the Palm !
Crashes (but saves data)
NO USB port.  TERRIBLE Sprint/Kyocera service to fix major bug.
Doesn't run all palm apps, speakerphone sound less than great.
Horrible quality phone.
Complex.  Could be simplified.&#13;&#10;Would have paid more for some amenities.
Upgradeability
SprintPCS Only, Bulky, Slow contact lookup, Clumsy side switch; quiet ringer
Heavy, poor reception, phone part can be tricky to operate with one hand.
Black and white display; speakerphone is hard to hear
Size, poor integration ergonomics&#13;&#10;Very weak ringer
Nothing that would keep me from buying it again.
Expensive and still quite cumbersome
too monstrous to carry as all-access cell phone
No USB sync, backlight poor
size, some wierdness with switching between phone and Palm modes
Need a slightly larger font&#13;&#10;Wish "Wake-Up" would work when on battery power
Reception inside some buildings is difficult.
Glass LCD screen (but most Palms seem to have that)
Can't think of any
small screen size; slow remote syncs
If the phone had the speaker phone ability it would rule.
Internal contacts on number pad are terrible, random numbers displayed, must try redialing at times.
large, heavy, no color screen
inability to upgrade the OS, monochrome screen, no sd, cf or bluetooth
SLOW interface, can't store email addresses in phone book, no WAP
mediocre battery life, slow menus
Relatively high SAR
Came in with a factory defect - microphone doesn't work
NONE!
None
None, so light and thin, you may lose it.
Doesn't handle wind well.  The phone adapter pops off too easily.
Not as rugged as most cell phones
Easy breakdown, Huge antenna, Flip open itself. HIGH radiation
Antenna Sticks Out, Not Very Sexy
No analog roaming, sometimes slow menus
Can't find any yet...
Ugly color, short standby and talk time,potential flip problems
Not as rugged as a Startac
Menus a little slow at times.
Bad indoor reception, battery drain
Ericsson no longer makes funs making support and accessories hard to find
see opinion
read on and i'll tell you
flip button difficult to press at times
None, for some the antenna may be a problem.
None
HORRIBLE interface, high SAR rating,  wimpy standby time, and not sexy
Looks & size.  FIRMWARE ISSUES.  Occasional system "crash".  Durability?
expensive, hard to navigate menu
Battery Life, antenna sticks up
Infrared is not builtin. Small Screen. Standby is 3 days only. &#13;&#10;
user interface, can't feel it vibrate
Gets very hot if used for too long, flimsy key pad cover
Expensive phone and Expensive Accessories
The T28 World as well as the T28Z both lag and have many glitches.
Update the flip stopped closing
No longer produced
Hard to open flip No power button No Belt clip / holder
High on radiation list, awkward cover release, smart card connection
Brain Tumors
Average battery life. No WAP.
not very durable
Cheap Feel, Battery Life
Huge antenna (as opposed to the body) doesn't really deliver huge reception
One color, flip feels flimsy, buggie!
I have not seen one yet
No coverage in many part of U.S.
Tiny screen, no WAP/web, limited battery life
poor reception, the ugly big antenna that doesn't even help reception
Only 10 Voice dials
Flimsy, Slow, Hard to Navigate
short talk time
doesn't get have good singal strenght.
clunky, buggy, broke, looks cheap
It's so small, I sometimes lose it!!
small screen, no WAP...
*Extremely slow menu &#13;&#10;*No calendar&#13;&#10;*The flip cover can easily get ruined&#13;&#10;*Can't decline calls
battery is not great
No web browser, smallish keypad.
The flip and sometimes slow catching up process when you press a key
Menus not as good as Nokia
not many ringers,vibration mode is not too strong,takes a while to load sim
None
TOO LIGHT AND PORTABLE AND NUMBER PAD TOO SMALL
Tiny screen.
Battery could have more standby and talk time.
shuts off by itself, flips open by itself, locks up during calls...  there's more...
accessories are expensive!!!
some menu options aren't intuitive
Sluggish Interface
not comfortable for long conversations
Poor battery life, slow response, complex menus
Can't put cool looking covers on it. Short talk time w/o bigger battery
Relativly small LCD
NO ACCESS MESSAGES
Bad reception, volume too low
Maneuvering interface is cumbersome and slow.
None
volume is too soft, lots of dropped calls, undue static, and lack of features
battery starts to die after about a year, but is easily replaced
screen too small
Service only available on Sprint's network.  Poor battery life.
below average battery life and a few others
fair reception, earpiece speaker, $expen$ive, Sprint only
Battery life, reception problems, too small for some hands, price
Battery life seems a bit short, soft ringer volume
No analog band, no speaker phone, marginal battery life, pricey.
Battery life, no analog, PC sync extra, sound quality sub-par, expensive
1.9 GHz only, expensive extras if you want to synch with computer
Ring/vibrate combo only with high vol. ring
First few batches shipped with bad software
Price. (you are paying for style)
Average battery life, Antenna projects from body
No cable and web-connectivity from SprintPCS, over three-months now.
The talk time isnt the best, though I am a phone hog.
Too small for big hands, Short talk time, No Speakerphone, quiet ringer...
NO SPEAKER PHONE, NOT DUAL MODE.
lousy battery, droped calls, terrible phone
Short battery life, Connection problems
Battery life
Poopy Poor Reception quality
display issues, wont make calls... etc.
No "Bells & Whistles", just a great phone!
Issues with keystroke delay (lag), slightly less quality from camera
The battery charger is flimsy; no clock.
ear speaker sometimes gets warm during extended conversations
It may not impress the gadget folks
weight
Buttons stick out and might get damaged
No clock
Could use a vibrating ring option.
No day-glow colors on the screen, the flip can break. Some confusing terms.
average reception
Flipper breaks off easily, worse reception than my Nokia, bad lighting, buttons too small
The battery doesn't last very long. Not many good ring tones
TOO EXPENSIVE, Proprietary flash memory
...master of none.
Doesn't do anything well. Expensive. Really big.
bluetooth, handwrite recognition, memory expansion.   Well, just not there yet.
Battery life and large size.
Telecom: alerting the user [More details in Body]
The price. The price. The price...ouch
horrible connectors for power and synch - with lights off almost impossible to connect.
Interface feels clunky and slow, no polyphonic ringtones.
Poor RF performance, slow menus, tiny buttons, more.
Very little memory for image files.
Voice commands, interface speed
Keys may be a bit small for some people.
Slippery phone connections, not a high-resolution color screen.
Interface a little quirky
Could use a faster chip, or shorter pauses between actions.  GSM towers still being built.
SLOW menus, easy to scratch screen, too many features to navigate and a few bugs
Slooow menus, flimsy keypad, poor designed menus and navigation, quiet ring.
GSM service quality lacking; key lock can overcomplicate your navigation
Too many problems to recommend using
slow, color screen hard to see in sunlight
Communicam
Slow processing, complicated menus, Not very durable design
keys are small and sensitive,many menus to step through for some features, GSM/GPRS only
Some technical difficulties!
Might be a little slow sometimes. Has not polyphonic ringtones.
Joystick is a little frustrating and face plate chips easily
unprotected display, keys too small, dust under display
doesn't have polyphonic ringtones
Reception, cost of accessories
Small, No Drivers Included with Phone for Laptops/PDAS
Hard keys, Extremely sensitive joystick, slow responses
very expensive
Slow software, quiet SMS notification
Dingy color, poor navigation, slow software, sensitive microphone, etc
Poor user interface, chintzy-feeling, weird joystick, Bluetooth problems
SLOOOW, toggle stick is squirrelly, feels cheap, etc
Poor design, reception, bluetooth, speed and a whole lot more.
Slightly slow menus but even then it makes up for itself
Cheap feel, slow powerup, slow number lookup, inconsistent menu, poor menu buttons
GSM only, so limited coverage in the middle of nowhere (currently).  Bluetooth accessories are pricey.
ringers are a bit quiet,made by cheap plastic parts
Menu Joystick is difficult to manipulate, Buttons are too small.  Camera accessory is horrible.
Bad reception, dust gets under the screen, battery life-time 6/10
GSM coverage, tricky stick, software
design flaw (headset & power) connection WILL loosen, GSM network coverage VERY spotty
uselessly slow for text messages,
keypad keys are small
constantly freezes
Sometimes joystick can be a hassle, internal antenna, poor GSM reception all over!
This phone will force you to get a more expensive plan.
poor reception.
SHODDY quality control, cheaply made
No roaming
poor reception, poor quality, display difficult to read in sunlight. Horrible customer support
Slow reaction. No polyphonic ring tone
The system has limitations locally, for now.
everything.bad reception.no signal.  bad battery life.
Background noise, slooowww menu selection
occasional cellular tower deathgrip, freezes
Interface responsiveness.
Is the worst phone EVER
BAD sound quality (mic), Very slow, not responsive, low quality color screen
Thumbstick, Scratching Screen, Slow Interface
Joystick Breaks
Battery life isn't exact, only 256 colors on screen
unreadable screen in daylight. Clicks when in use.
Lousy navigation steps, crashes/freezes a few times a month, slow menus,
None
Software a little buggy, slow response, slippery plastic body
Short battery life, does not come with many necessary accessories, poor resolution.
Poor reliability, poor reception, terrible interface, sloooow interface, ugly.
Slow menus,Annoying keyboard lock, Display brightness, Soft Ring, Bluetooth strobe
Speaker on my end occasionally buzzes. The other end doesn't seem to hear it though.
None
too many to list
Battery live, durability, ring volume and tones, after sales service
SLOW, INFERIOR SIGNAL RECEPTION, POOR COLOR DISPLAY, POOR ERGONOMICS, QUIET RING TONES, AND MUCH MORE.
Slow to navigate,difficult to see the screen in sunlight.
A little bit bulky, the buttons are bit stiff, vibrate mode costs extra.
missing some features
Relatively Bulky
No calculator...
None
A little on the large side, but no real problems.
Not your smallest phone, or stylish. Vibrator feature not built in.
NONE!
You lose units if someone calls you.
Tricky shape to squeeze against shoulder, no vibrate option. &#13;&#10;
No built-in headset jack. No vibration.
Lacks certain features and the charge connection is not very durable.
battery life not as long as i would like
Cumbersome to use at times.
not the most attractive
Wireless Web function is very hard to use.  No built in headset jack.
Not very stylish, not many ringer types, wish antenna was built in.
The battery in this phone is very weak, and dies quickly.
Battery life could be better.
Larger than my last
hard to read display, selection wheel is temperamental.
Wireless web button is easy to bump
Everything...and I do mean EVERYTHING!
signal not always clear when I call people in mountain areas
none
According to my daughter "No games."
Bad reception
None
Haven't found any yet
Heats up after about 15 minutes talk time.
Awful LCD display, ugly, not easy to use.
The Display Needs to be Bigger
No Vibe option, belt clip has tendency to put phone in awkard angles and places.
buttons are super small, menus are like programming a VCR
does not display the current time,  no games, no vibration ringer option
external antenna accessories not available
None yet
Very bad phone menu, bad options, bad software design.
Buttons are not in the most convenient places.
Big, no games, counter-intuitive, badly designed, bad earpiece
hard to use some features
Saving numbers in the directory, loud initial ringer volume
Unreliable voice-mail alert
Can't always retrieve missed calls, it's plain ugly, plus there's no games
not many features
I keep dialing numbers by accident from my purse.
when putting it in your pocket, the antenna points more towards your body
none thus far
This model has a loud buzzing sound coming from the ear piece
Small, can easily get lost
price
Unreliable, sound and signal strength could be better.
A few trivial problems
Little pricey, would like a bigger display
Hard to use with one hand
Poor reliability; Short life in analog mode
Un-ergonomic, fragile, battery weak
Not the most intuitive to understand requiring some reading of the manual.
annoying rings and it's flimsy
Cannot accept extra battery, analog battery life not so hot, somewhat expensive
pricey
expensive
Features, user friendliness
Small display and buttons
Battery life, few options, squeaky hinge, unpredictable call quality
Interface is HORRIBLE
I only liked a couple ringer styles
feels a little flimsy -- be careful with it
Are there any?
Does only 1-way, not 2-way, text messaging, fragile, especially antenna.
Sub-par vibration mode, confusing menus and lack of ringing choices
Terribly complex interface, poor battery life, fragile antenna
Bad battery life, serious reliability problems
sound(sometimes)
Fragile, bad design on the antenna (constantly breaks), and expensive.
Features not as user-friendly as could be
I have yet to be disappointed in this cell phone.
some parts especially the antenna break often.
Only 9, boring, ringtones. Cannot download more. Poor battery.
None.
poor antenna, poor design
can't send text messages, old
Small size not good for rural areas
battery life
Phone is expensive without purchase of a phone plan
Haven't found any problems yet.
Few Rings, Weak Battery Life
no E-911 support, so Verizon refuses to activate them now; no loadable ringtones
Antenna sticks out a bit when on your belt.
no calander/appointment feature, no alarm
My web is broken for now, but that is verizons fault, not the phone.
Questionable Durability, Flimsy Antenna
Cheap plastic which gives, including the flip; CHEAP Build qaulity
It always felt so cheap and flimsy to me
Jutting antenna, screen too small for web browsing
Poor Reception, Antenna Bends Easily, Terrible Battery Life
Menus are a pain, doesn't get your attention w/ ring or vibrate
Battery sucks
kind of pricy
The transition from digital to analog, during a phone call, loses the caller
Fragile antenna
Feature overload
Not to comfortable when used up to the ear.
poor signals (frequently) prevent calls
Slightly Top-Heavy
very susceptible to water damage, a bit pricey
Sometimes it is too small
pricey
Vibrating ringer barely noticeable, antenna breaks easily
"Old fashioned" as some would say since it doesn't have games, downloadable ringtones, etc.
Menu's and ring tones.
poor reception, problems losing ring/vibrate functionality
Display small
Is not durable, no repair service
The case is cracking, the antenna is bent. Poor battery life.
Antenna breaks often if you put it in your pocket.
Not reliable
The con to this phone is that it isnt that durable to withstand damage.
Short battery life
"SIGNAL FADED CALL LOST"
tendancy to be dropped
sound was not so good
Small, flat, hard plastic buttons on the keypad. This phone is also expensive.
Antenna broke a couple times.  Battery life isn't so hot.
No "Vibrate & Ring" mode, Desktop Charger is too big for vacations.
I want to touch it all the time.
Can't ring & vibrate on same settings, takes many keystrokes to operate menu.
No custom ringtones, average reception
none as of yet
microphone, rebooting
Roaming is not available. Antenna does not stay up. Sprint PCS Customer Service.
Major software problems, retrieving stored numbers, clarity,
mediocre sound quality, some strange glitches
Sprint customer service stinks
Bad signal.
Service isn't so great in small areas
Not very durable
Phonebook is lacking.
dropped calls; random shut-offs; poor voice quality (I'm always told speak up); no 2-way texting
Bad service
Rings aren't very loud, vibrate rarely felt most of the time, desk charger bulky.
Difficult to retrieve numbers, not user friendly
no color display if that's important to you.
Battery life, too many sub-menus
The screen is not color, phone does not look the best.
Volume range; echo
Only one color, silver.  Battery life.
Received audio is weak; some functions take lots of keypresses.
None yet
none as of yet
None so far
Earpiece volume.  Games aren't good.
Bad reception & no clock while locked.
none
bad signal, low volume, awful recharging setup, tiny font screen and phone book, no features
to short for doing the ear-to-shoulder tuck without dropping the phone
expensive for extras
No keypad cover, battery life shorter than advertised.
not a camera phone
Not as small or lightweight as the 8260
Mediocre battery life, Keypad response
Slightly heavy, larger than other phones. Low battery life.
Annoying menu functionality, useless service and battery life indicators
Difficult to change volume on the spot.
Numbering on buttons wears off. On/off functionality difficult to engage.
Heavy, bulky, sound quality, no color graphics to liven the phone up a little.
Bigger than some. Not GPRS. Not Color display.
Unreliable/poorly made.  Three different phones have died on me.
creaky, poor reception, hangs up randomly
Faceplates tricky to remove, annoying ring tones, not always clear calling
Battery life
Cuts off when it wants too, less-than-desired battery power, shape is uncomfortable in my hands.
Battery life if not conditioned properly
on/off button a little hard to press, but it works.
Battery life overstated (though now has 900mAH battery); They eliminated the security lock.
A little hard to hold, a bit fuzzy
Screen Light, Battery Life
Battery, some design issues, TDMA technology
Rather short actual battery length, has non-standard headset jack
Battery Life, Buttons too low profile
Can't turn off the auto dictionary in messaging.
bulky for small hands, small for larger hands
Weak battery, low battery warning indicator.
Weird interface, software crash, ear bug sux, no web??? IR port not working...
Some buttons can get stuck, buttons little small, can't turn off animation
Some software glitches.
Size, battery
battery life sux if you don't condition it properly.
Poor Battery life, Poor Keypad contacts,&#13;&#10;Poor Quality Control
none so far!
No speakerphone,
Heavy, better technology is now available
Lack of features make this phone a bad buy
Not many advanced features, low battery life
Internal antenna gets terrible reception!  Phone constantly shuts down!
Power button somewhat hard to get at, need to pay attention to not covering speaker
Buttons become hard to press over time, battery dies quickly
Horrible microphone. Limited phone book entries.
Short battery life, user un-friendly
Lack of calendar
small; menu shortcuts; NiMH battery
Internal antenna design flaw(?) contributes to poor service in some areas.
Face plate hard to get off.
No keypad cover
Poor battery life, freezes too often.
Battery life and buttons maybe small for bigger fingers.
Audible Quality, NiMH Battery, Button Size/Placement
analog TDMA phone,No Smart Card,Bad voice Quality,Average Signal,Avg Battery,Cannot Receive&send OP logos,ringtones
battery
Loss of Time/Date Settings, Loose Casing
No Caller Groups
terrible quality, etc.
None Yet
Signal isn't much better
None encountered
No color display, gets hot
Phone seems kinda funky sometimes? Terrible battery!
Super Clunky, Bulky, Awkward buttons, Battery....and oh, did I mention Battery?!
The sound is like hearing someone talk out of a box.
The reception could be a little bit better but that's true for practically all phones.
I have several
Cannot lock phone to prevent unauthorized use.
keypad response, too small for some
battery life SUCKS!
So-so battery life, freezes and crashes occasionally. Seems more frequent when battery is low.
slightly awkward to talk on, covers sometimes get lose over time
the interchangeable faceplates can be addicting..we are always shopping for more!!
Uses a lot of battery power, somewhat heavy
none so far
OK battery life, could be better. Only 2 phones entries per contact.
Battery Life is so-so, Bigger/Heavier than Nokia 8260
Design, bad colour layout, no organizer, volume control adjustable at incoming calls only
Call quality, battery life
a little on the heavy side, battery life can be a little low, reception
NONE!!!
Does not have caller groups where you can separate callers with different ring tones.
flimsy case, too many problems
Lack of phone lock, soft buttons, not comfortable, cracking when talking.
A little on the heavy side for what size it is
Need to buy the lithium battery, no speaker phone, no side volume control
occasional problems with battery
Battery life could be better.  Can't Lock the phone.
Decent Battery Life, Number Pad
Topmost buttons a bit hard to press, not a major thing though.
antenna
standard battery could be better.
buttons very small, power button inconvenient
Battery life not as great as expected.
Really bad reception and cavernous sound.
shuts off suddenly, dust comes in LCD
Unreliable signal, out of service, cut-off phone calls.
poor sound quality, a weak microphone, stiff buttons
even extended battery is terrible, very bad reception
A bit heavy for its size, freezes, screen goes backwards and upside down
Bad reception, hangs up frequently, turns itself off and on
Smallish display, a little bulky.
-Heavier than new Nokia counterparts
Rather short battery life on standard battery, none else..
Everything else
Not able to password lock phone.
Reception, Boring
No downloadable pictures.
Not "cool" right now; Talk-Time battery life;
fat, gets very hot when in use
Compact isn't always better!
Battery life, Software, Buttons, durability.
Can be frustrating at times
Gliches, battery life
The whole phone!
It should have been designed thinner like the the rest of the newer Nokia phones.
Battery life is horrible!!  Small buttons difficult to navigate.
Menu gets confusing, battery
I am now waiting for my fifth replacement.
on off button hard 2 press, battery does not last extremely long
Tri-Mode
Battery life (minor problem)
just a little too small
Heavy! Ugly yellow-ish backlighting
A little bulky compared to new phones
not very many features, basic LCD... not color!
Slightly difficult-to-press buttons, shape takes a little getting used to
not color and no wap internet
Doesn't always have good service
a little pricey
antenna suscepitble to breaking easily
Low selection of ringer options, must open phone to view anything and breakable antenna
Limited number of ring styles and the ring volume is not adjustable
Not alot of ringtones, Menu is confusing at first.
unreliable~ at best, loses service frequently, cuts off
The antenna, lack of ringing tones
Not the quality level expected for Motorola.
Battery Life
No WAP, heavy, no Li-Ion battery
As of 2003, showing its age. No data or color abilities.
No wap :(
a little big for girl
Bulky, Heavy and Limited features
Not flashy, if you're into that sort of thing.  Just a good, reliable phone.
not a flip phone
got this phone w/o realizing the i58 (newer) model has gps technology. but big deal.
battery life is short.
none yet
Humm, none come to mind.
Bigger than the StarTac Digital
bulky, hard to program, short battery time
Phone is bulky, and Cover will break,
poor control layout, hard to program
Battery life, menu navigation
durability, coverage area
cell range, falls out of hip holster
Somewhat difficult to learn to program
Confusing menus, a bit on the bigger side, but still pocket friendly
Dropped calls, Screen size small for Internet
paging and voice mail awkward
phone is a little hard to program
Battery life, no roaming
many &quot;broken&quot; links/login troubles
Battery life.
Cuts out, lots of dead spot, phone just turns off
Antenna
Interface, Noisy while in high interference areas, Only 9 melody rings to choose from
Low Battery Life.  Accessories from Motorola are expensive.  Interferes with TVs and Computer monitors.
Short battery life
Breakable, occasional poor reception
static in speakers in car and also bothers the computer monitor.
Available Only Through Nextel, Bulkier than Samsung
phone timer rounds up to the next minute
None so far
Everything
No Date/Time Stamp Display, Does Noty display Min talked while still talking
Battery, service availability.
flimsy construction
accidental squawks
Customer Service Lacks.
Hard to navigate, Battery is awkward, No seperate snd/end buttons
Dial-back feature available only on the i1000plus
Annoying features, very confusing
Too heavy to throw into the ocean
spotty coverage, not cool looking, hard to program
Weak Battery, Static near speakers
dismal battery life, awkward keypad, user interface
Poor battery life, bad menu design/interface, weak coverage by Nextel in non-metro areas and spotty coverage in metro-areas, fewer niceties than on comparable fones
carrying clip
Non-intuitive menus, lackluster standby time
Battery life, no roaming
Poor battery life, kind of balky
Not a consumer phone - confusing to program - best for a power user.
nothing
No internet features yet
Nothing out of the ordinary
a little bigger than StarTac
battery-life, weight/size
Weird Sounds, Dropped Calls
Expensive Cell time and sometimes no signal
Poor customer service, lots of dropped calls and dead spots
Gets some stray work groups from time to time.
features and clarity are lacking
Only 100 Slots for Name/Nbr
flimsy flip top, uncomfortable against the ear, elaborate programming methods are confusing
Hi Interference Emitted;  Counter-Intuitive Menus; Difficult To Handle
Lack of coverage in some less populated areas.
Ack, the keypad is horrible!
everything
No Hands Free kit
EXPENSIVE!
price
Fragile earpiece, too many features to list
may be difficult to figure out
Short battery life when used often, conversation delays, connection drops, RF interference with other electronics.
Flimsy antenna
every thing that deals with this phone
not good for one person use
Breaks down more often than an &quot;88 hyundai
Send/end button combined
expensive service plans
none
Battery not flush
short battery life, but quickly recharges
Unavailability of service in areas
No coverage, No service, see above
durability
$200 cost of phone
customer service
short battery life, dropped calls frequently
Flip-style is a bit more complicated than necessary?
2000 is already on the market?
flip-cover seems a bit flimsy
Phones & Plans are expensive, programming hard to understand
Poor battery life, poor reception, poor provider
Some dead zones, low battery life at times.
see above
None really. Sorry.
No web services yet
Everything About The Phone
Very hard to "hold" with your shoulder while... cough... driving.
numbers are too small
Only 9 rings, the casing is easily scratched
Digital only, bad battery.
No time and date in our area
none yet
Dead spots and dropped calls
None!
a lot of features to learn
Everything else
Without service, all the pros of the phone become moot!
The phone is non-intuitive
Some durability issues
Cost
rate is a little high
Menu, size, cost
limited service coverage area.
None
Expensive, terrible UI, poor soundquality
Other person needs to have the same phone to get the free part of it.....bad reception, too many controls
battery life
nothing major
poor battery life, not user friendly
Nextel service, digital only capability
fragile earpiece
The battery life is very short. Ring selection is very limited!
antennae nub
cost. alittle  high but  worth it
Not very dependable
a little big and heavy
Breaks up or hangs up pretty often
POOR battery life... Coverage could be better.
see through cover is easily scratched
none
I don't like them
cheap, unreliable
none
Call Quality poor at times.
no clips or carriers exist that allow you to see who's calling without removing first
Slim line battery has a short life&#13;&#10;
Horrible company, horrible network.
if you are trying to escape they will find you ha!
phone itself is pricey
Product is not available on line
Battery life not great if you use the phone much.
none that I can recall
Buggy Bluetooth implementation, too easy to power off while in pocket
Not intuitive, big (for today), unstable
Discontinued, large size makes carrying on ones belt or pocket impossible.
Big, slow menus. Hard to find on the market.
it is big, (for today standard)
Bad battery, bad connections, small buttons
None at this time!
No big frills, not completely user friendly
Instruction manual is hard to use for the manually-challenged : )
sometimes dials itself in your pocket
none
dual mode, not very durable, no vibrate or other necessary features, menu
cannot send text messages, only 9 ringing choices and most of them are annoying.
None.
No games, limited ringer tones, dual mode only, not as simple as other phones
it can dial by itself, the battery life sucks
Still confused on how to write back using ping pong messaging
Just about everything
functions hard to find, not enough ring tones, battery life much shorter than advertised
Marginal receiver tone quality; "power" button in awkward location
Lack of ringer volume control and vibrate option, bulk
Poor reception.  Poorly placed mouse buttons.
none
Poor battery life in analog mode
No games
battery life, pain to unlock when someone's calling, 9 rings-no vibrate or games!!
none
BATTERY LIFE! clarity, backlight, simply outdated
No melody rings : c (
none
Not so convenient for keeping in hand, low vibrate, short accumulator
Keeps breaking.
None so far.
as with any merged products there are some compromises
none
Fragile, Very Fragile.
Only if your T28s won't suffer from manufacturing defects
reception
None significant
Poor battery life, sluggish user interface, large antenna sticking out
the phone itself
FAT aerial can be a put-off
Included battery has short life.
Small screen, medium battery life
reliability, not easy to use
Nothing at all
Nothing
The Flip loosens with time
Small Display, Non Wap
No wireless web/WAP
none
none that we've found!
Not a very reliable phone, battery does not last long, average reception
Slow interface, fragile flip, buggy firmware, small screen
Bad battery life
Bad piece of equipment
small screen, problem w/ battery
None in my opinion
Bulky, quiet Palm alarm, no jog dial, battery placement, unprotected screen, can't sync with Macintosh
palm OS alarm not loud. no sending SMS messages by default. Some bugs.
Sprint PCS support people overwhelmed.
Hot Sync an pain in the butt.
Facial Oil, no email, No alarm, freezing, no sms or chat, no custom ringers
Very long wait for technical support (Sprint).
CPU speed slow, large sized phone, screen gets dirty easily
none
The alarm isn't that loud
- hangs pretty frequently
Phone software is sketchy, Has frozen several times, Not the sturdiest phone out there.
Screen hard to read in direct sunlight; hard to get knowledgeable support.
Too easy to accidentally push a button; voice dial keeps resetting
Poor phone/PDA integration
poor web surfing ability
Will not hotsync consistently it loses its usb port assignment upon reboot.
It does what it's advertised to do and does it well--no cons here.
No internet, No Bluetooth, Heats up in 20-25 minutes.
A little waste electricity.
*Short battery life .&#13;&#10;*Can save only three messages .&#13;&#10;*Poor clarity voice .&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
--
None visible yet
Does not fold up.
Can be buggy at times.
Lacks Features
Long, buttons pretty small.
Buttons might be too tiny for some people, some static.
Sound quality seems inconsistent. Not sure if it is the phone or service.
some sound distortion, not sure if its the service or phone.
to many clicks to get to browse the phone book
Poor construction, serious static and connection problems
Worthless piece of junk
durability, glitches in software
Analog, Calendar size, call timer goes away when you press a number&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
This nokia has some issues..
On the large side of current phones.
chubby and stout compared to the phones coming out.

Can't download rings, Doesn't have external caller ID, SIM card too easily accessed
Pitiful hinge. Pitiful speaker.
Buttons can be better
complex Menu, long Antenna, nasty back light colors, no charge/sync cradle in box.
Setting the time is difficult to figure out.
No back-light at night, No external caller ID, Very small keys
Earpiece volume.  Stubby antenna.  Grayscale display.  Not many additional features.
no sync cable/few accesories for phone
Did not come with a battery charger for the car.
not very loud speaker in outdoor situations
Small keypad, no external caller ID, keypad is not backlit.
not enough battery life
SIM cover comes off easily. Phone randomly "crashes."
quiet speaker in large crowds, hinge is kind of cheap (quality wise), not many features
I can't really think of anything... oops - sorry...
Phone shuts off when it wants to.  Battery life diminishes.
The "bezel" and little flap on the front does not stick.
Quiet earpiece, too small, tiny screen, annoying menus.
No Call Groups. Complex menu. Cannot download ring-tones
low ear piece volume, not a polyphonic phone (can not download ring tunes)
Bulky.
Size too big for some
Size, Battery Life,
The rest of it
Low battery life - A bit outdated by more recent phones - No bluetooth audio
size
battery life, no address book synching
Battery life, cost ($499.99), web not in color, wont sync with PDA/computer
High price tag, weak battery life, weak voice dialing, pull out antenna.
The high price isn't worth just having a color-screened phone.
sloppy HCI, doesn't take full advantage of capabilities, below average reception
The battery life is a bit annoying.
Extremely expensive, very poor battery life; no good option for extended battery
PRICE!! Battery life and the new 5150 successor.
High cost, comparatively low battery life
Poor battery life, costly, only 256 colors.
expensive, and short battery life
lot of money, kinda big
battery life, cost
Battery life.. complicated phone book
Maybe the cost for the poor rug rats.
EVERYTHING ELSE!! The phone is a dud, bad reception always....
EXPENSIVE $500,Battery life is very short  plus accesories $170
rather wide, no free roaming wireless web or organizor programs
Pathetic Keyboard lock, lousy battery life, vulnerable antenna, no vibrator.
Hard to read top of display, batteries don't have separate charger
Cannot connect to devices. Options on phone limited due to type of service.
only 9 ring styles, no games (like nokia)
Sometimes only rings 1-2 times (not adjustable); phone wraps obscure screen
No silent ring.
Left side of display sometimes difficult to read.
It doesn't have games. Not as many accessories as other phones.
Few Features, Lack of Compatibility, Many more
Power button, voice recording errors...
Will probably be obselete soon :(
not good quality, can be too small for many people
Nokia 8310
Unreliable: it freezes like a motherf*@#3r.
Game is not enough and there are all old games.
Poor quality overall, ringtone volume
delicate, sometimes doesn't work with no reason
Seems quite delicate.
I like the size and style of the 8310.
No alphabetical sorting of phone list, digital only.
Digital-only single-band phone (no analog roaming); may be useless in an emergency
Bass-ackward phone book, cheesy ringtones
single-band, questionable build quality
Odd address book, menus a bit deep, not enough letters for LCD in addressbook
Single Band
Getting use to talk into the air.  The vibrator is more like a silence alarm.
Bad service history with Sprint
No alphabetized phone book
single-band, no voice dialing, phone book not alphabetized, drains power searching for service
Single band
I can't think of anything wrong
Needlessly difficult to attach to chargers. Headset jack protective flap difficult to open.
ADRESS book not 4 me but some
No outside display; have to open to see who is calling
no display on front, only one size text
Speaker functions poorly at times, Walkie Talkie losses signal.
No view screen on outside of cover. No case or holder included.
Does not have some standard features such as Alarm Clock, Expensive Plans
Inferior reception when compared to the older Nextel phones, high price no longer justified
The cover is not see through like the i1000 plus
no alarm clock, limited service area, no good ring tones
Can be bulky in pocket.  Weak vibration alert.  Does not come with a holster.
Bulky, no outside display, ugly green backlight, no features, bad ringers, cannot download
Defective merchandise, and no sense of responsibility by Nextel or Motorola.
I have found no problems with this phone
Poorly designed on/off switch, average display
Monochrome display, weak backlighting,
No in call timer, profile selection, indoor noise.
Quits taking charge, badly designed on/off switch
Bulky. The con that can't be overcome. Cheesy ringtones.
Buttons rattle a bit, only available through Cingular so AT&T customers are out of luck
No 2.5 mm headset jack, but this is easily fixed with a $3 adapter.
Weak backlight; Kind of rattles when Vibrating;
Yes, it is hard to turn on and off and a bit bulky.
Difficult to turn phone off and on
Larger than average size
Some have software issues, power button is in a bad spot
hard to use power button, sometimes goes off by itself
Hard to read display, inconvenient volume control, illogical menu structure
rattles when vibrating, backlight is weak but still plenty bright
Phone shuts itself off all the time & power button is hard to operate
dim back-light
Predictive text drives me crazy!
Doesn't use standard miniplug headset
Turns off on it's own, poor reception, poor quality phone
The phone is larger then the newest most advanced phones.
Power button flies off if you sneeze, Missing/Delayed messages
Powers off by itself THAT is the worst!
Turns itself off.  Poor reception.
Sloppy switching between transmission towers causes many dropped calls, mostly when leaving a major metro.
Bad speaker, turns off whenever it wants to, resets itself.
Somewhat ugly color
Everything else but the battery life.
EVERYTHING ELSE
A little bigger than the typical phone
Button cover pops off, hard to cut on and off.
The 6340i will not stay on, this is a documented problem that should be addressed.
Bugs in the software, random power offs, clock never works
Voice recognition dialing is unreliable
Keypad is sensitive, so buttons may accidently get pushed.
None
bigger than the 8290, and did I mention ugly looking?
No Auto-Redial yet.
None that I have found
durability
Nothing yet
internal antenna (can that be a con?)
Larger size (than the 8390) but I can live with it.
The voice dialing feature did not operate well for me.
poor key light
doesn't grant me all-encompassing power over women...just kidding...no cons
bad reception
No Color Screen.
I got what I paid for.
95 minute talk time, lack of software for color screen
No outer buttons, Long phone, Battery life!
no side buttons, a little thick
Battery life
Lack of side controls. Extra battery or headset required for &gt; 60 min/day talk time.
NONE
Very poor battery life, runs out during the course of my normal day
standard battery sucks, but beg for extended life bat.
Limited "gadget" features/ Ringers aren't loud / Limited battery/ Pretty big compared to others
Does not work as designed.
Speaker needs more volume, volume controls poorly placed.
all the sh*t I got when I finally caved
volume, accidental button push, display
Clunky and illogical menus, few shortcut keys.
Some quirky performance issues
LCD Display is weak at best, menu navigation is poorly designed, Volume.
Speaker too quiet, too easy to accidentally press buttons, not enough features.
lack of some options
poor menu system, no alarm feature
Volume is poor, certain buttons in bad places
Not a flip-phone!
Size, options, display
Screen visibility, Ringer volume, Signal strength
Ergonomics, Menu is complicated, It has a lot of rings, but all boring, Antenna failed
Hard to read display
Doesn't have all of the trendy bells and whistles like polyphonic ringtones.
Poor reception. Lots of dropped calls. Menu's embedded too deeply.
Poor volume, poor transmission quality, spotty reception
durability, volume
no ability to visually personalize
A little uncomfortable for long conversations.
volume is horribly low
boring green backlit, gets warm, no alarm clock
Weird looking!
Small Screen.
none so far
- Slow processor (9210i runs faster)
Style
not able to use as hands-free,battery life a lot less than advertised
Still too many features for me
size with extra battery
too many options/features for the average non-tech person
no vibrating alert, quiet alerts are still loud, just a tad bit too long
It might be to big for some but for this price
roams earlier than other model phones
Flimsy antenna
Very Poor battery life in analog areas.
flat design may take some getting used to
Battery life, headset compatibility, display
Talk time not as long as advertised
Antenna doesn't stay extended
didn't keep it long enough to find out
losing signal turns off keyguard
None
Battery life could be longer.
short battery life, incompatable headset jack
Small battery life
poor battery life
unexploited features go to waste
limited availibility of accesories
Some would consider it a con that you must have &quot;great&quot; credit to be able to get the Nextel service.
Big, heavy, So-So battery life.
can be hard to get a signal sometimes
The are updated way to fast
Bulky and battery life isn't very high. Menu options are a bit clumsy.
Size
dropped calls//not often
Antenna seems easy to break, but can be retracted.
Heavy, No Call History
the phone is a bit heavy
Bulky compared to most cellular phone.
Signal Loss sometimes, a little heavy and thick
Phone
service
They are bulky
cannot receive two radio signals at once
reception fuzzy at times goes in and out!
Hard to find one in great shape now, buttons can wear out
Bad keypad layout
lack of detail, poor customer service
The i1000 model is a little complicated
none found (yet)
Maybe a little on the heavy side with the standard battery
doesn't work in  some small communities
Heavy,Big
short battery life, feels awkward.
You can't check on the numbers that called you, HORRIBLE customer service
It doesn't perform like a southern link radio!
Slightly larger than some phones
some areas in our small town are &quot;bad&quot; areas, but other than that sound is like next door
nothing
should come with a charger for your vehicle
Reception, Nextel Service, Bulky, Heavy, Ugly, Ring Tones, You Name It
none
Phone is bulky and heavy, and the alert can get annoying
none
None
Some features are not entirely user-friendly
Single Band, Small Keys
Lacks Tri-Band GSM, technologically one step behind the novel products of its competitors
keypad light distracting, small buttons, on/off switch requires heavy hand
Earphone/Ringer Volume, Unnaceptable reception.
poor durability, not a world phone
expensive when it came out.
Single Band, Background noise
connection problems, tedious menus, on/off button hard to use
Low volume.
May be too small for some people
HORRIBLE reception, very quiet ringer and speaker, countless other things
Mediocre reception, quiet ring.
A lot of programing bugs. Tones a very quiet.
lack of color, reception, volume, background noise
Buttons are too small.
good not great battery, small keypad needs getting-used-to, easy to block reception with hand.
horrible reception, almost too small.
Buttons Can Stick
gsm network not always available, no date with time
Does not have FM Radio
It is not a picture phone.
Freezes often, GSM technology not so "hot" everywhere.
reception, crashes
none i can think of.
TOO MANY GLITCHES IN THE PHONE DOESN'T FUNCTION PROPERLY, small keys, non-color display
bad reception, low volume, and poor quality.
reception not good, no colour background, monophonic ringtone.
3 text lines on display, bad battery life, none infrared port
None
battery life too short...
No infra-red. No icons to play around like nokias. Not that stylish
Would never stay charged, see review
small, cheap and easy to break
Low Battery Life, Antenna Too Flimsy, Outdated
Tiny Buttons, Difficult to Adjust to Readout
Battery life could use improvement, display letters are odd
ease of feature-use (lack thereof)
Short battery life
messages are unreadable, battery doesn't last as long as promised
Everything else!!!
Sometimes the signal is off, and you'd need to mess around with the phone.
short talk time
short battery life
Poor reception
none
Cheap antenna, terrible battery life, hard to read display, very top heavy
Very poor battery life
Horrible Batteries
low talk time
Weak Antenne
rubber buttons sometimes stick
none
small battery
Price?
battery doesnt last long enough
because of size could be misplaced easily
Low talk time, antenna breaks easier than most
none
battery life is good, but could be increased with an optional ion battery
So Small that Using the Button Area Can Often Be a Pain
--------
If you forget about it, it might end up in the washing machine...
sta away from the tdma digital star tac...bad startac! badstartac!
only bare bones features
might loose it
Too many, read the review
Battery stays charges for 60 minutes when used.
It's analog and has horrible battery.
Cheap qualty, Bad reception, UGLY
Batteries are pretty expensive
Lack of features, Short Battery life, not user friendly
You might forget you have it on.
battery life
Low battery life, not as many features as higher-end analog, feels funny in hand at first
short battery lifespan.
may be awkward for some
The holder is awkward
Some echoing when calling other cellular phones
Not as flashy as some other phones
clarity, and battery power
Perhaps too small for large hands to use buttons, analog
Sometimes loses connection in weak coverage areas
battery life
nothing
Sometimes you forget you have it!
takes some time to program in extra programs
breaking antenna, bad reception
seems a little fragile
Minimal features
battery power
Ugly old-school LCD display
Never seems to work like it should
hard to dial
roaming distance is shorter than most
Have had many problems with it
has tendency to come out of holder easily
expensive,
size, cannot find it.
battery life, somewhat hard to use display
is not a good product
Size, easy to lose
battery life
Talk time, display
no place to put alphanumeric
Short battery life, no extra features
Calls not clear at times...battery goes pretty fast, too.
cuts off
Doesn't work in some buildings
nothing really
Losing it or misplace it
buy it
none
I had two problems with this one antenna broke off and keypad stopped working, possibly cheaply made
easy to accidentally hang up on a caller.
Small, will someone make a belt clip that works please?
Can't make calls, can't keep a call on the phone...
only available with Sprint PCS, no voice memo
Phone book slow to load Sprint PCS not so reliable
Doesn't have any games, cannot download ring tones
Occasional dropouts and toggle button hard to maneuver-- very tiny!!
Still only 12 spaces for names, 8500 in a new 3500 body!
None
SprintPCS has Spotty coverage at best.
Lack of advanced tech...maybe
Lack of features.
no composer
the keys are probably a little small
not colour screen
Kind of big to be easily carried
power button is hard to press, you won't need it often though
A little too hefty for the average hip pocket
heavy, large, expensive
Complex setup, slow speed
BULKY, HEAVY, ALREADY DATED
Size, weight.
A little weigh
Bulky, slow organiser, hard to set up
large size and big price tag
Keypad
weight  / Bulky / Hard for a non tech to configure
Battery life (keep a spare battery on hand).
very expensive, web feature is so slow as to be almost useless
No keyboard. No expansion slot . No speakerphone.
NO speaker phone option, no digital camera
expensive
Lacks "gee whiz" stuff like Bluetooth, Speakerphone, SD slot.
PRICE!!!, no expansion capabilities.
No external caller ID, no speakerphone
Price, no speakerphone, no downloads, no expansion, no bluetooth
Cheesy carrying pouch
Lack of features, dull and dreary, fat and boring.
buttons get stuck under face plate
Your number shows up as private when you call someone, until you change that.
Not WEB enabled (if you need that feature)
Not Internet Compatible
None
It doesn't work long
Having to buy mouthly cards to charge it
Only 100 phone numbers can be stored. No calculator and calendar. Is a bit bulky.
Expensive, signing the contract
Expensive, buggy, no SDIO slot
Annoying bugs in software, GPRS useless, not tri-band, no camera or bluetooth, small memory.
Expensive, crashes occasionally.
Expensive, stability
Standard phone headsets don't mute device's mic, no SSL email, text msgs cost add'l.
Phone crashes (from time to time).
Price.
Crash, crash, crash.  drop call, drop call, drop call. Erratic coverage. System bugs
Phone service nonexistent in my area; horrendous customer service.
Price, locks up every so often.
Terrible phone and international data service
A bit large; inconvenient if you don't have a hand's free kit
Everything else possible
It keeps breaking.
ring tones,
Color choice, aesthitics and general appearance of the phone.
You can't change the face plates
Very fragile, horrible reception, battery life is a joke, LG accessories don't last
Flimsy, scratches easily, muffled speaker, Sprint PCS
Moderate battery life, lack of color choices, lack of ringers/screen savers
Can't hear the ringer even on the loudest setting.
battery falls off easily. Must buy a new set of expensive accessories for it.
Can't find clip for it yet.
At the highest volume level on ringer, still hard to hear.
might not find it
Unsturdy Battery, Muffled Sound
Becomes unusable often.
Green LEDs, Cost cutting, Poor quality, wish ringers were louder
If you don't like reading instructions, some things take time to figure out.
Sprint PCS network
Sprint PCS customer service is slow.  Lots of problems with "Wireless Web"
bad reception
None
This model has been discontinued
Ringers hard for me to hear.
Sprint PCS Service, wireless connection
see above!
Not a good selection of display settings
Ring Volume when closed.  Wireless Web.
battery dies quickly at work, movies, mall, hospital
bad customer service, bad design
Doesn't ring when people call me.  Battery dies horribly indoors.  Makes baby Jesus cry.
flip face gives and squeaks loudly, which can be heard on other end; short life-span
Phone book interface a little hard to get used to
can't download ringtones or new games.
Becomes too hot to rest comfortably against ear, awkward to hold.
Unable to download ringers or games.  Moderately high price.
My battery keeps dying.
Ringer is fairly quiet&#13;&#10;
bad reception
voice dialing is not linked to speed dial in phone book...a minor detail
The menus are a little bit annoying
Limited ring styles, mainly classical. I don't mind but some might.
the buttons might be somewhat difficult to use for someone with large fingers
Many of the features don't work right.
Only one color &#13;&#10;No Speaker Phone
bad outgoing voice quality, OS actually crashed on me once
Antenna sticks out too far, battery life
None whatsoever
Small buttons and small LCD that is hard to read at times.
short battery life.
Key lock, battery life
Uneven lighting on keypad
Disconnects automatically, resets display background and ring tones automatically.
See Review
Somewhat lower volume on headset and earpiece, lack of ring tones included on phone.
Bit confusing to use, poor written manual, poor image quality on phone.
Volume sometimes not loud enough, can't rename profiles, non-intuitive speakerphone.
Lousy phone! Bad speakers, poor functionality, not intuitive, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK! Avoid this phone.
You need nail to open it, Camera takes distorted photos, Inaccurate battery indicator, Dropped calls.
useless camera, sporadic reception, sticky keys, hard to figure out
Battery meter and charging unreliable, phone turns off randomly
Poor Phonebook design, low sounding through ear bud.
Confusing at first, buttons on the outside, annoying/frequent sound when battery is low.
Limited ringtones, low ring volume, uneven keypad lighting
Touchy side buttons, included ringtones are limited
doesn't function properly, too much $money$ for a phone that does not work
Slow call answering; slow media response; call dropping; Poor Motorola support; can't hear ringer.
extremely poor design. too many flaws to list - stay away
slow to respond
Doesn't work. Screen flickers. Calls are randomly disconnected.
camera is crap in the dark.
Chincey construction in earpiece housing causes no earpiece speaker volume; reception can be spotty
Charger problems, automatic disconnects, scratches easily, no zoom or flash on camera
Voice quality is horrible, bulky, over sensitive buttons
QUALITY ISSUES, QUALITY ISSUES, QUALITY ISSUES, QUALITY ISSUES!!!!!!!!!!!!
heavy, poor reception,retarded keypad, randomly disconnects, annoying low batt sound, very few ring tones,
poor battery life, low ringtones and not enough ringtones and games
Everything else.
Poorly written software
Battery life is 1 day with minimal use after 1 Year.
Little ringers to choose from. Cannot turn on speaker phone until other party picks up.
quickly dying speaker, screen malfunctions, numerous failed calls
cannot hold settings-reverts back to motorola pre-sets, screen goes blank, poor reception.
some what heavy.
battery, speakerphone
Will turn you into a raving lunatic obsessed with how crappy your phone is.
poor Motorola menu structure, awful battery life, buggy software
Not really any cons for this phone.
1 year it didn't turn on again.
buggy software, poor battery charge design, repair department overwhelmed
bulky, battery life, lack of bluetooth
Flimsy construction on the earpiece speaker
Funtion
Slightly slow and seems big.
Wretched voice volume
piece of crap!
people cant hear you, crappy pictures, irritating buttons
battery time not enough,Ringer to low & not many options of rings or games.
ear speaker, ring too soft
Very expensive if purchased at full price.
Earpiece Volume Low Compared To Other Models, Relatively Small Display
Typing text messages can be tricky, long menus to scroll thru.
Charger, volume, excessive side buttons are easy to hit accidentally, small monochrome display, menu navigation
Fades in and out when it shouldn't.  Poor call quality.
Basic, Ugly, uncomfortable , no color screen
Way to hard to charge!!
More difficult to change faceplate, but I haven't wanted to yet anyway.
No color display, games are a little boring
no games
Poor reception, recharge jack design.  Insufficient volume.  No alarm clock.
Terrible reception
Not too easy to find faceplates (best place is inkatomi.net), antenna doesn't extend, b/w screen.
Stock battery too weak. Reception reduced compared to other phones. Speakerphone audio quality somewhat lacking.
Poor Battery life, Scratches easily
Battery life is ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE!!! Camera would be nice...
The quality of the phone is bad and the quality of the service is worse
Talk time is decreased (possibly to the new style battery)
Battery life, square design, lack of standard ringers and backgrounds, reception.
Drops calls and shuts down without warning nor cause.
Fragile, might be too small for some
Very low battery life
Horrible reception
everything about the phone, from the price to the calls
battery life, scratches easily
Horrable Battery Life, Sucky Service, Sucky Customer Support!
Everything else.
Bad sound, cuts in and out, noone can hear you.
Poor battery life, a bit overpriced.
none so far.
Look
Shorter battery life and questions re: long-term durability
Slippery exterior, No internet access, Non-adjustable font size, Speaker phone
Small keys with similar shape makes it hard to dial, not as well designed
INCREDIBLY short battery life, it's appearance, cheap feel.
AT&T as carrier,Signal,Battery Life
Almost too small, feels like a toy, speakerphone is useless
buttons are a little small
Speakerphone too soft.
speakerphone is somewhat useless
battery doesn't last long, phone directory is not easy to use
- no calculator, no calendar, battery life is terrible
Short (~1.5 hrs max) battery life, small buttons, semi-nonintuitive menu, wear and tear shows
none
Battery, battery, battery.
Easy to lose (because of size), accessories.
Somewhat Difficult To Open With One Hand
Display a bit utilitarian; No polyphonic ringer
Might be reaching the end of it's life-span...
Can't flip open with one hand. Scroll key scratches display when closed.
High price not entirely justified, absence of ninjas.
difficult to open; not sturdy; transmission clarity; reception
Short battery life, flimsy antenna, prone to random malfunctions
Fragile antenna, Monophonic Ringtones, Discomfort after extended use
antenna, antenna, antenna
Antenna is bulky, no one hand opening, slippery
Static, dropped calls, unpredictable ring tones
Antenna, Price, Stupid belt clip
Poor ergonomic design, small dimly lit display, dimly lit keyboard. Slippery, hard to open.
Charger Issues, Difficulty of Opening, Talk Time
Expensive, antennas break constantly
Very fragile antenna, lots of static, unimpressive battery life.
Antenna is a bit long.
Antenna breaks easily. Operating System is flaky. Poor reception. Phone directory searching sucks.
Small display size
None for me
Small screen, no Polyphonic ringers, antenna is a tad big.
Included belt clip, Hands Free is not so Hands Free
Awkward antenna, pressing key and sound of button don't sync, little thick.
The Antenna. Do not buy this phone the antenna will break.
Expensive, other similar models are out now, no color
Bulky.
external antena can break, black/white screen, lousy games
bulky antenna, impossible to flip w one hand, short battery life
Not user friendly, bad reception, too pricey
Understating the User Guide
No color screen, poor, games, not a new "camera phone"...who needs those anyway?
Heavy, display small
durability, proformance, antena, quality
A little on the expensive side.
Strange antenna, nearly impossible to remove battery cover
VERY FEW FUNCTIONS, FRAGILE
No color screen, not as many "cool" features as a GSM phone.
Battery takes along time to charge, difficult to open with one hand
Antennae breaks easily, Poor reception
Fragile antenna
Antenna design and warranty support
Battery Life
Poor reception, flimsy cover, short battery life
Antenna housing breaks easily, poorly designed, expensive
not interchangeable 'faces', no Internet,
Everything else, way behind Samsung.
Terrible clarity
worst user interface of any phone I have ever used
Antenna is awkwardly big, expensive!
Expensive
small buttons, headset not too loud
software reliability, price
Would like a color screen for web service.
Buttons are too small, the phone sometimes falls out of its holster
fragile antenna, that awful low battery signal
Motorola will not honor warranty, and in our case caused further damage.
What good are gadgets if you can't keep a call connected?
Not sure why I have to assign a speed dial number to every phonebook entry.
it doesn't do the dishes.
Limited stock battery life.
No color screen.
Major: Really really bad antenna (should not buy b/c of this
Antenna fragile and poorly designed.  Other potential hardware issues
ANTENNA!!!
No alarm clock on this phone.
Build quality not for the long haul
Calendar feature is confusing
No GPRS through a PC.
Nothing revolutionary, for a new(ish) phone
Original software hectically buggy
Who wants to do all that stuff? It's way to complicated.
I haven't found any yet, I will edit if I do.
Not quite compatible with all old accessories, battery life
Confusing Menus, Not As Feature Rich As Other Models, Not Very User Friendly
misleading display, poor call quality
None yet...
Not many faceplates are out in stores and malls yet..No other Cons
"Lags" (Explained in Review)
Keylock necessary to prevent unwanted calls.  Needs side volume adjustment.
only 30 calendar entries
Although the phone itself accepts ringtones, you CAN'T get them if you're a Verizon Customer!
The web browser, placing a call, Please read for more
Sound quality is below average, drops calls frequently, not many aftermarket addons
none
Battery life, bulky and uggggely!
Volume control adjustment
Overall design, button layout, sound quality, totally non-intuitive
Low Resolution Photo; Keypad Layout; No built-in Games
Slightly large, tech glitches, novelty
Bad keypad ergonomics, Bluetooth functions could be better, mediocre talk time.
too large for your pocket, slow processor, buggy firmware, circular keypad
Low volume, circular key pad, only 3 languages in U.S. models
Poly Ringtone Volume, Difficult Menus
Several fatal flaws; SIZE, Battery longevity, record quality, recording length(1 min max), unintuitive OS, keypad-blech!
design, complex software design, unintuitive pc software, phone instablity
Poor access to phone features, GSM coverage, phone sound and camera quality, Bluetooth nonstandard.
bulky, heavy; battery life
A big phone
Menu system can get confusing, phone has to be on for PDA, camera to work.
glitches- power shut off, phone lag, volume inconsistency), large size can be a pain.
Size rivals remote controls, no touch screen and weird dial pad.
Keypad, keypad, keypad. Size.
Lack of Stylus/Characher Recognition, Slow OS, Hokey Video Recorder
No MP3 player.  Must remove battery to access MMC card.
Turns itself off, powers off, AT&T and Cingular discontinued and Tmobile denies problem.
Battery life is short if you keep using camera feature
I don't have any!
WAP 1.2, Size bit bulky,OS hangs-up
Pokemon shaped, brick, horrible keypad, slow
Larger phone, circular keypad requires learning curve
Large (length and width), lengthy to learn, bluetooth incompatibility
Not touch screen, wierd keypad layout.
Nothing really.  Keypad takes some getting used to.
Big, no case
horrible software, Bluetooth doesn't actually work, and very bulky.
None
Huge in Size, Breaks Down Continually, too many features.
who needs all these features? haven't found the keylock yet
Startup loading takes too long... takes awhile to familiarize with all the features
Plastic Face plates!
No touch screen; bulky; bluetooth glitches; keypad; proprietary memory card
Slightly big in size and weird number pad layout.
overall design, navigation key
The keypad is very user unfriendly. Don't buy if you wanna text lots.
circular keypad
TOO BIG, Lots of sub-menus, No call forward menu
backlight timeout!!, keyboard format and size of keys, camera lens is unprotected, battery life
Not enough accessories
None that I could think of
None
Dial pad takes a while to adjust to, not many accessories are available (yet.
Backlight needs manual on control
No apps. included
Bejeweled will crash the phone eventually!
Ear piece audio,low volume ring tones,hard to remove faceplate,long start up/shutdown time.
operating system is not intuitive, quiet ringer, WEIRD keypad
Buggy OS, Large and Bulky, Keypad takes some getting used to
a bit Bulky, numbers are hard to get used to at first
I Hear people before I answer
Battery life, Bulky size, Camera resolution
Big size
Size is a little big.
Medium Sized
Frail as a whiff of rose blossom on a spring day.
Occasional freezes up.  Memory full error.
funny keypad design, size is a little bigger
GSM in Chicago, poor bluetooth,quiet ringer, slow sync
MEDIOCRE TALK-TIME; VIDEO-RECORDING LENGTH; FLUCTUATING VOLUME; OPERATIONAL GLITCHES
a bit bulky, expensive, sometimes gets poor signal
BIG, not user friendly
keypads are hard to use in the beginning
keypad layout isn't natural.
hard buttons, slow sms menu, average to poor voice quality
slow interface, clarity only decent, so-so reception, WAP's useless, slow text input
Case is less than sturdy,
Fuzzy sound, echoes, too many hard-to-use options, overly complicated
Very ugly and bulky and hard to use.
very limited faceplates, little hard to get used to. Terrrible echo
Excruciating slow menu, cumbersome menu interface
I have nothing but problems with this phone
gets warm against your ear, default wheel of fortune menu.
poor quality, no features
No extra features like text messaging, e-mail, or games.
sound quality, reception
Expensive. Confusing menus.
Vibrating ringer, reception, antenna, shape
Love-it-or-hate-it color scheme, weak vibrate mode, bulky charger.
A bit thick, cheap designed cradle
you can'y get cool accessories for this phone and it's pretty expensive
reception, sound quality
Flip top easily broken; ringer stops working occasionally; horrible warranty program
too small
vibrating ringer is somewhat "weak"
Weak vibrate, sound quality!
Rings are sort of annoying. Signal strength is very deceiving.
Poor speaker quality, poor signal strength, ringtones too cutesy, forget about the vibrate feature.
None
seems a little flimsy
Very bad speaker which vibrates, and Vibrate ringer is very weak
Hollow sounding reception,rattle from vibrations when ringing
Sound could be better.
Poor sound quality, bulky belt clip
no color screen, which isn't really bad
Scratches easily, roams easily
does not have high-tech features
Keys a bit sticky
The battery life is a bit short
Battery life maybe short at times, software problems, can't fix phone at local  Verizon store
Phone Book Limited, Software Glitches, Inconsistent Navigation, Monochrome Screen
Quirks and bugs.  Quality degrades over time.  Speaker phone not the best.
no calculator, no games
Back cover is separate from battery.  Huge antenna strut.
Lacks features FAR less expensive phones have, bulky, iTAP, internet slow, expensive.
Interface is weak; joystick feels cheap; battery life a joke; antenna nub pain; price
Paint flakes off faceplate...carrying cradle does not securely hold phone
Display fonts too small -
Screen fonts are too small, poor placement of some buttons.
Size; Slow battery charger
Lack of alarm/timer
The only con is that they did not come out with this phone sooner.
Lack of easy silence feature
Larger than flip style
Bulky, Cannot Download Ringtones and Screens, etc.
A little bulky, expensive accessories
Size.  No games, calculater, etc.
Poor battery life and basic functions, large, not pocket sized.
No key lock to prevent accidental calls, unintuitive web navigation
Lacking some features that I don't really need
Can't lock keys to prevent accidental dialing, ringer not loud enough
Not enough ringer options, vibrating ringer a little weak, archaic phone book setup.
Limited selection of accessories available.  Could ring louder.
none
Ringer volume inadequate, connectivity not the best I've seen.
not reliable
Ringtones can not be added, and accessories are limited
Battery length
Poor battery life.
Not enough ring tones, does not display the time phone calls were received or made
Bad reception,low ringer,ugly interface,very low on options
Short battery life, No voice activated dialing.
Almost too small sometimes, accessories not readily available, no auto keylock feature
Bad battery life, Bad sound, Lack of durability.
Audio sound not as clear or loud as it could be.
weak vibration option
Plastic case creaks, not as sturdy as older Ericsson phones
Reliability!
Defective!
terrible battery life, odd shape
small buttons
Small Buttons
to soft on ear peice volume and small buttons
Short standby battery life, Unable to d/l ringtones &/or screen savers, too small
unsupported, MP3 software
Playing MP3s drain battery quickly.
single mode phone
Not very durable, slow in response time
Minute usage goes fast, have to keep putting in password to access certain features.
Slow Menus-Cheap Design-Errors With Earphone-Bad Reception
Mine was unstable, very basic phone.
Not terribly flashy, still big for a phone these days, buggy software.
Big phone, the light feature
antennae is annoying, no color screen, limited organizer
Now my wife can get me, not my pager!
The only con would be is, if Nokia stops manufacturing this phone.
Ridiculously tacky.
basic phone, don't expect too much.
Ringer Volume, weak antenna, buttons not working
To Many Lights,It Lacks A Color Screen
fragile, weak, useless
Typical Nokia junk!
Cheaply made; rather fragile; could break easily if dropped often or stepped on;
The phone is bulky and the antenna a bit flimsy.
software bugs, bulky in pocket, buttons wear quickly
Cheap
HORRIBLE indoor, parking structure, mall performance. JAVA crashes frequently causing menu's to seaze.
No pretty daisy covers that I have found.
Proprietary Connector, Reception, Bad Camera, Slowness
tough to see in the light.  poor headphone jack design
Proprietary connectors. Shortage of accessories. Freezes. Weak antenna. Display washes out in sunlight
Too many to list here.
Very awkward interface, phone locks up, dim screen in sunlight, no SD card slot
Faceplate can scratch, call log menu is confusing, some menus are too nested.
Picks up background noise, locks up, reception in fringe areas (with original firmware)
Poor Interface. Unacceptable Locking Issue.
Quiet speaker, unreliable keypad, lack of decent appointment alerts, poor Bluetooth range
Reception, Camera
Compared to all other phones, everything about this phone is poor at best.
Slow menu, useless camera, screen poor in sunlight, weak battery life, mediocre reception
Freezes up way too often, complicated, small keys, dim screen when outdoors.
Exceptionally poor build quality, software failure, poor reception, slow text input, low battery life.
AWFUL, AWFUL, AWFUL menu system.
LCD gets washed out, very weak signal strength, problems with charging and headset
proprietary earbud jack, no voicemail reminder, sometimes requires reboot, poor Sync software, poor camera quality
Everything Else!!!.....Poor quality of manufacturing and software design.
read above
Picture quality,annoying menu confirmations,so-so reception
Signal strength, battery indicator, camera quality.
Pictures are grainy, Mac sync is weak.
cannot ring or rung, no txts can be recieved or txts,half hour to load!
will frezze if you use to much space, Too basic for a phone junkie downloader
Car charger not included, poor ear piece quality, Cam poor resolution, screen scratched up easily.
Flaky reception, frequent phone and sim card freeze-ups, feedback when using headset.
short battery life when using bluetooth...or camera.
RECEPTION SUCKS! Slow interface!
terrible reception , unusable in many places where other phones work
No Peripherals Available, Relatively Big
Multiple Steps Accessing Menu, Menial Web Browsing, Buttons a bit small for the large handed
Not many accsesories. Small easy to lose.
Poor key board lock.  Poor ring and/or vibration volume. No called ID
Some buttons/menu items are confusing
Somewhat "clunky" menu system
so-so design; no web browser, calendar, games, functioning keypad lock; mediocre battery life
Feels Cheap/Sounds Cheap, Display Hard To Read, Lack of Features, Hard-To-Find-Accessories
Sound quality, speakerphone
sound quality, no customizable ring tone
Battery meter; some slow inputs
Low battery life, not too
not available in some areas
Low battery life, not too many features
EVERYTHING!
All performance--reliability, clarity, reception, battery life, etc
No downloadable ringtones
The service is not great.
Reception sucks, Speakerphone Cuts out every two minutes.
Only con is if you use your phone for playing instead of calling!
prefer a covered keypad.
Nothing!!! Maybe the fact that there are no built-in games??
battery life (short term and long term), key lock, reception
pretty no-frills, no calculator function, stopwatch function, etc...
range not so good
Phone turns on and off regardless of battery strength, GPS enabled but not functional.
a bit bulky annoying menus
on the large side, horrible Sprint customer service
arrow keys can be hard to use
static-filled reception indoors, echoing when on calls to a digital phone, prone to software problems.
Short-life battery, Not durable, Lousy ringtones & lots more
Short Life Span, Many Future Problems, High Repair Costs, High Sticker Price, Few Extra Features
No call display on outside of case, limited ring tones, no voice activated dialing
many of these seem to fail in the 1-2 year time frame
No speaker phone or voice recognition. But most importantly, not the best reception.
Limited Ring Options
the signal is always low...
battery life bad and backlight flickers alot
DONT BUY THIS PHONE IF YOU THINK YOU MIGHT LOSE IT.
sometimes won't connect(I think this is AllTel not the phone)
Few ring tones, flimsy flip, battery life could be better
Slightly Tedious, Sometimes annoying
Not a user friendly menu, not easily customizable, very loud ringer.
Awkward Charger, Not the best reception but good.
Sub-par sound, awkward menu layout
Few options, some things are hard to find. The manually is confusing and vague
loud ringer, weird menu setups
Flimsy Construction, Poor Battery Life, Everything!
Weight, Size, Display scratches easily
Too big, some menus a pain to use
A little heavy, just get the swivel clip.
Weight
weak belt clip, heavy
Weight, Size
weight, look, feel, user interface
NONE
carry a brick around on your belt, then you'll know
Wieght
loss of signal in some areas
bulky
Battery life, phone book not alphabetized, no clock.
none so far
primitive features
No vibrate mode; Cheap Plastic Casing
No vibrating ringer, larger then 3360, no changable faceplates
no vibrating battery, no Nokia faceplates available
ugly, volume, no vibrate or speakerphone, no carrying case or belt hook, no voice activation
No lithium-ion battery; Most ring tones are a little annoying; free headset (earbud) is uncomfortable.
not as many features, heavy
Doesn't look that great, no vibrating ring, no unique special features.
Poor reception, limited features, and low volume
Difficult to pick up signal, sound at receiving end is "electronic"
No vibrate mode, no way to change font, very limited feature set.
no downloadable ringtones or graphics, no internet option, no changable faceplates
It doesn't have an antenna so reception is bad inside.
Lack features that are of limited value other than impressing your friends.
Heavy, not pretty looking, cheap ring tones,  screen scratches easily.
None.
weak reception, gets hot within 10 minutes of taking, no vibrate.
Weird text input; the ring tones and such which come standard are rotten
Combo keypad/action button horrible, few useful features
Too small, keyboard too small, buttons too small, phone doesn't reach mouth and ear.
It won't  turn heads if that's what you care about.  Sure is blue!
poor imported picture quality, poor style compared to newer phones
Slime factor, weak battery, transferring contacts, ugly, won't sync, won't record phone conversations
Display grainy, small keypad for text messaging, poor vibrate function
Poor signal performance, scratches easily.
No camera, not flip, small buttons (which could also be a pro)
SLOOOOOW firmware, poor navigation, tiny/difficult buttons
The Color Screen Is Not Very Vibrant, The Phone is Ugly.
OK display, expensive accessories, small buttons, drops calls (or due to my carrier)
Slow, very slow. You need alot of paitience and a toothpick. Cingular's crappy service!
Bad ringtones, Bad Camera Attachment, TINY!
unreliable, slow navigation through the menus, awkward text messaging.
Way to many features to learn fast!
Not outstanding battery life (not bad either), coverage is average (again, not bad either)
Less Nice to the Wallet and Ear
longer than most phones, freezes like your computer ocassionally, not as user friendly as Nokia
poor reception, cumbersome size, software glitches
stated elsewhere
Power Pig in Data mode. Battery is very low-tech and under Powered.
Everything else
Poor battery life, huge size, poor features
T9, much radiation, not comfortable on ear
locks you in to AT&amp;T
handset earphone is hard to hear.
Batteries, WAP/Net can be slow
too big, no alarm, no games, no battery life,heats up, slow connect to network
BIG. BIG Big. Huge vibrating battery. Poor audio. Poor microphone.
Size
Poor battery life, huge size, does not ring loud enough
Larger than most new cell phones, expensive
Can't control back light time on.&#13;&#10;Oval cursor TOO recessed for easy operation.
Giant & heavy; turgid reception & battery life; few features
None
Cost; battery life; size; annoying rings
Its still very new with limited add ons
Lousy coverage compared to other phones. Buggy software.
Dark screen to save the battery.  Really hard to see without the back light.
Very dark display w/o backlight. Possible memory conflicts cause erractic ringtone behavior.
Mine has been dropping calls, must do hard reset. Phone works best if fully charged.
Awkward size, attacks other electronics, Phone looks stupid.
Small screen, sound quality are regular
not the best reception, not the brightest colour screen.
not the best reception, not the brightest colour screen.
power button, head-phone jack, no mp3 player?
Short battery life, uncommon accessory jack, lacks US frequency.
hard to press the buttons.No bluetooth
Sound quality just a hair fuzzy, in my opinion
Handsfree jack and headset are a joke!
Sloooow interface.
Blue Light Becomes Annoying at Times, Not as Many Features As More Expensive Phones
there is no face plate
Reception indicator seems flakey, bad contact list setup.
Lame games
Bad Reception, Horrible Battery Life, Often Defective
Cheap build quality.
So many options and settings- sometimes it's hard to find what you want changed.
Buttons are close together and smallish.
Optional leather case hands-free plug hole doesn't line up well.
Using the phone while plugged into the wall won't stop battery drain and eventual shutdown.
Can't talk & Charge, horrible call quality, Just bad in general.
keypad lock doesn't work when phone is off (i.e. keep from turning phone on)
Known issues with screen assembly in early builds of this model
None
screen goes blank and no support from manufacture
Vibrate is too weak.
Cannot easily change volume while talking.
Power drains in use even when plugged into car or AC adapter.
Horrible battery life, phone prone to defects
Battery life is average, can't talk while phone is charging
LCD screen sensitive and blacks out, battery life 40 minutes not 3 hours as stated
reception, sound quality, ringer
No speaker phone.
LCD screen has failed on two of my Kyocera 2235's; cheap build quality
Stupid games (who cares?),
The Display crashes
Can't talk and charge
Text message input is very slow.
reception reads low half the time, and i get fine reception. can't download rings.
Breaks very easily, Can't change faceplates, confusing options menu
Only flaw is the lack of internal antenna.
Lots of defects, Bad Contact list, Not durable, can't change face plates, etc, etc, etc...
Scratches easily, Web browser
Dropped calls, phone shuts off for no reason
Unreliable.  Don't buy unless you plan to get a new phone after one year.
low batter life, easy to smash, weak signal
Display occasionally distorts or disappears.
Cheap parts and construction; screen tends to fail after a certain point
Overly sensitive to water, Blue Back-Lighting drains battery quickly.
Poor connection quality. Tested with other phones on the verizon network. Poor software!!
everything you can think of
early revisions had LCD problems, features overshadowed by newer models
Due to a poor design, it has a high maintenance LCD that needs frequent attention.
Size and shape.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
The leather case for it.
Phone is hard to program and clunky, international service is extremely expensive
Poor battery life, limited accessories.
large/clunky compared to pure GSM phones, no built-in headset jack, etc.
Battery life isn't as advertised
Clunky (which is also a plus), not a lot of "cool" presence.
limited motorola carry options, battery
battery life could be better
Limited battery life, hard to program
Scratches easily, small keys, ring not loud enough, erasure of text messages
the key is too small
Seems to break easily
Gets Hot.
Voice mail too hard.
Single Band, no expandability, no palm OS, accessories?
No Analog, Shuts down once in while, software not upgradable
Didn't work
very small buttons, menus difficult to work with, confusing at times
small display, no games, could be easier to scroll through phonebook, headset is a joke
Not Web enabled
not very sturdy at all, I almost broke it twice in 3 days
Battery life, Not web enabled
Seems to echo quite badly. Battery life.
If durability is high on your list than this phone should not be.
Battery life could be better (ok for me though).  No Web access (like R289)
mediocre sound, reception, quality.
battery seems to run low quickly
Flimsy, poor reception, hard to read.
No Wireless Web, huge antenna
battery sits very loose, low frills
Weak signal - dropped calls and inconsistent connections
Dropped calls, clock loses time, ringer volume.
lots of memos, but rather short in length; no reminders;
Dropped calls, no number view when phone is closed.
Very basic in amenities.
sound quality is terrible
Poor reception, mirror blinds you when light hits it.
Cheap Quality
Poor design.  Poor Reception.
dropped calls; keypad difficult to use
Mirror too small, bad games, poor sound quality, bad reception.
Signal too weak, using it too frustrating.
none
Disconnected on lengthy calls, but good for someone who isn't on all the time.
Bad reception, not durable, home charger doesn't work
Connectivity is completely unacceptable. It simply fails as an operable cel phone.
Flimsy, ugly design.  Bad reception, the list goes on and on.
poor reception, many disconnected calls
No infrared, Not compact, Terrible color screen display
orange sidelights, quite large, brightness of screen
errm.....
fancy stuff costs loads of your tarriff doesnt support free or cheap WAP
Bad screen, bad ringtone quality, not many features, slightly bricky
Bit old and not as good as newer phones, but oh well
Size, battery life, crash potential
Still a TAD bulky, Application instabilities, only acceptable battery life, Pricey, Palm-based
Won't work well with Avantgo, lower-res Palm screen (160x160)
Total disaster, Kyocera warranty scam
Some may view as bulky. Battery life only average. Pricey.
Low battery life, is the echo the phone or Telus,  and where is bluetooth?!
Software teething pains better, but still not perfect.
Poor battery life, horrible address book, appalling keyboard feel.
Keypad sucks, there are no "smartKeys", too much has to be done thru menus.
a tad bulky, no touch screen interface with phone main screen
Frequent crashes that wipe out the databases make this a novelty, not a business tool.
screen, keyboard and phone don't always work; crashes all the time.
Stability (see review for workarounds), battery life, slow for a new palm.
Price, Price and Price, battery life.
Is reception top notch?
Software instability.
None of it works reliably!
Nothing is perfect
Full-figured.  Expensive.
Still not  quite stable
Palm OS and phone do not integrate well. Difficult to navigate.
Unstable
Quality control?
No more Verizon support.  Unreliable keys.  Battery life.  Software response delays.  Infuriating pop-ups.
battery life and stability of OS
Battery Life needs help.  Verizon service not as good as AT&T. Occasional Reset needed.
Poor Graffiti recognition.  Buttons must be pressed HARD or several times for response.
Bad implementation; very poor QC; Kyocera tech support is obtuse
I have had the original and two replacements lockup and fail
Dialing, calling, using, synching, +More
Weak battery. Touch pad has small keys in an odd pattern. Phone locks up often.
price
A bit thick, but worth it.
Fatal Errors cause resets, buttons hard to feel and slightly delayed.  Cost
Smaller screen than some PDA phones, battery life
Buttons unresponsive.
Quality Problems, My first two were defective. Vague User Guide, Pricey
everything else!
In a word reliabilty
bad technology, programs not integrated- can't add appointment from database, need two hands to operate
Software glitches, occasional crashes, hard to push buttons but I accept them all.
You need to be a pioneer. Lousy support from Kyocera and Alltel. Terrible documentation.
It just does not work properly.
A bit pricey.  Palm experience a must.  MP3 player is OK. No optional earphones.
Bigger than most cell phones
AT&T no longer sells them, NUMEROUS problems with ours, HORRIBLE Customer Service
No Bluetooth, Bad Signal Strength, Poor Battery Life, No Longer Supported
Battery life, reception, AT&T Wireless
Finger prints
Requires a gray market upgrade not supported by AT&T
Very slow OS, crashes alot, countless dropped calls
Battery life
Poor signal strength.  Poor battery life.
Would not recommend this phone.
Phones freezes for minutes.  NO blue tooth
had to upgrade
Expensive, hidden costs, no touch screen, awkward navigation
NO HIGH SPEED INTERNET CONNECTIVITY (slower than 9600 bps!)
A little large, but still better than carrying two devices
Price, mediocre web browser, somewhat unfinished casing
VERY SLOW INTERNET. Additional cost of Dial-Up. BIG, BIG PHONE! No vibrate ring alert.
Internet and WAP will not function properly in my area.
Restricted to GSM service providers
No Windows XP support; No GPRS upgrade; No USB connection; No vibrate function
No GPRS, polyphonic ring tones, bluetooth; heavy/bulky, poor phone performance; US only
Moderately expensive.
Silent mode fails to work when receiving some calls.
Antenna is on the weak side
Only keeps length of a single phone call in memory. (not always a big deal)
Antenna. 'Nuf said.
Dropped calls sometimes, lots of heat.
Short battery life, countless problems, screen issues (Common).
Flimsy antenna
Horrible manufacturing defects that prevent phone usage after about 6 months.
kinda expensive and the annoyance of purchasing talk time
No call timer, flimsy antenna, small buttons
Cheap antenna, Cheap build quality
Screen scratches easily
Short battery life.
Even the loudest ringer volume is sometimes hard to hear. No cool ringtones!
Keylock sometimes goes off after screensaver goes on
it broke on the first accidental drop
Does not work properly-a complete money pit.
Sounds Tinny, Poor Reception, Heats Up, Cheap Antenna, Battery dies quickly
poor battery life. ear burner. constant reboots. looses signal.
Small buttons, big thumbs.
Dust in screen, hardware problems, horrid reception, bad integrity, small screen, low battery life
Display malfunction issues!!
battery contact problem
antenna
frequent misdials, not in servive bad text display,  few accesory compatibility
poor quality
Screen problems.  Don't get this phone.
Old battery so short life, Beat up phone
Display failed after 6 months, Virgin refused to admit it had sold me a lemon...
Bad screen
heavy, confusing set-up
Heavy and sort of complicated
mediocre battery life, very light on features, few accessories
Poor reception and some menu features hard to use
Battery life is so poor it makes it prohibitive to use.
Hard to find accessories, could have shipped with better battery.
frustrating interface, awful reception
No vibrating battery option. No hardwire&#13;&#10;Handsfree Car Kit.
poor range; poor workmanship
ring volume, slow menu navigation, battery life
When laid flat the screen can be scratched easily. Antenna is cheap.
Proprietary charging plug, No clock while in call, Poor speaker phone
service on nextel SUCKS!! cheap
Must lock-out keypad or it calls/turns off while in your pocket, receives calls without ringing.
Squawky sound quality at times; Nextel network is not as pervasive as others
Some voice feedback, missed calls.
battery doesn't seem to last long
No Web browser, once battery life starts to fall, really dies quick
Multiple technical  problems, unreliable
Goes bad frequently, poor reception/range, short battery life when you're far from a tower.
Reliability, Battery life, Lack of features, Only average or below signal and audio quality
no web browser, not ring tone compatible, and not many features.
Product reliability!! Manufacturing defect!! No analog roam.
This phone is not ring tone compatible and unable to send/recieve text messages.
battery life indicator is inaccurate, battery runs out quick
Its pretty awefull.
no downloading ringtones, and no way for me to check e-mail(bummer)
Has some of the same issues as the Kyocera 2135
Limited features such as no speaker phone and no web-browsing, extremely sensitive to water
if you want a camera, this phone won't get the job done.
is a oven
Games, you can only personalize ring tones by groups-not individuals, battery charging.
No extras
Phone appears to have a built in obsolesence. Malfunctions after one year.
The unit is HUGE! bad reception, lacking of important features
Looses Connection in Michigan Dunes
A bit bulky
A bit too heavy and bulky.  Not for a lady's bag obviously.
clarity, connectivity
Service sucks, feels and sounds like a Walkie-talkie, Size, ugly.
Heavy, no Vibrating Battery
Very light weighted!
If Only It Werent AT&T
Silver buttons do not light up. Blue button lights would looks better than green also.
No speakerphone function, no camera, and no holster for hip available
exterior looks funny, HUGE!!!, freezes a lot, scratches easily
Lots: Bad battery life, bad UI, crashes, no aftermarket parts.
Dropped calls, scheduler interface, headset port
low voice volume, terrible camera, phone locks up and drops calls
Broke after 2 months , and froze up quite a lot.
everything else about this phone
Reception, unable to be unlocked
The most unintuitive piece of crap that I've ever had to deal with.
Not very user friendly, not very durable.
nothing at all!
Poor battery, terrible UI, navigation buttons are clumsy, heavy, fragile,
Menus might be somewhat confusing
Menus unintuitive, button not layed out great, amber screen is bright but lame
Early versions had bugs
The review is all about this.
Menus are not laid-out like most US market phones and can be confusing.
This is a bad, bad phone and it must be stopped.
Heavy, too thick, slow automatic mode switching GSM - TDMA
For a beginner can be somewhat confusing at first.
Battery life, Earpiece/Car Charger Set-up
Crashes, loses data, keys dying, audio too soft, disastrous user interface.
Nothing but trouble!!! from AT&T and the phone itself.
Dense menus and features, no analog TDMA signal, bad accessories design.
Amber screen, clunky directory system, screen easily scratched, no bluetooth, no color.
Poor reception, sloppy menu organization, unintuitive.  Prefers poor GSM over excellent TDMA.
Abysmal service, unintuitive interface, short battery life, random errors, etc.
Screen 'bleeds' & customer service (for AT&T as well) is below poor.
User Interface is terrible, features are not documented well
Not GSM 1800, really dense menus
None at the moment!
Unreliable & unintuitive.
Still waiting for Siemens rebate after 12 months of excuses
Non-standard earbud, few accessories, no repair options
Doesn't come with the data cable
Not Vision Enabled, color display eats battery life, many menus
bad battery life, bad reception, expensive, outdated technology
It gets hot after 20 minutes of use and not enough speed dial locations.
poor battery life
NOT VISION ENABLED, This phone is not or never will support vision.
A ZILLION technical bugs that were never worked out on this model phone!
Pathetic ring tones, not as user friendly as I would like
Limited extra features like new rings.  No camera or color screen.
Menus could be more intuitive and no so deep
A few quirky design flaws, ring options, menu system is more complex than needed
Poor selections of ring tones, weak volume, lack of customization
Somewhat difficult menu, minimal ringtones.
Poor wallpaper displays, horrible ring tones, no download capability.
Defective casings, horrible ring tones, buggy interface, functional nightmare, useless documentation.
the ring tones are revolting & you can't download replacements.
Not the best ringtones
poor battery life,no download ringtones, games, flimsy flip part
ringer, menus, reminder tones
Too Quiet, Worst Ringtones Possible, Faceplates Expensive, Hard to Use (At First)
Battery doesn't last the time stated and no ring plus vibrate feature.
Ringtones are enough to make you want to throw the phone away.
None!
Ringer volume, cumbersome user manual
Poor games, ringtones, and menu... ONLY 12 LETTERS TO ENTER FOR NAME
Can't get past level 14 in "push push" game, and can't download ANYTHING!
Phone overheats when in use, died after 20 months of use
Not easy to use at times, annoying ringtones, Silent-mode feature problems, battery dies quickly
low battery life, muffled sound
Not customizable; still has many features.
Everything else!!!
Battery life is horrendous; no option for vibrate and ring together.
Doesn't Alway Work Correctly, Bad Ring Tone Selection and Cannot Download New Ones.
phone cracks, battery life stinks
out of warrently will try a motorola next
It's a toy and then not even that... toy phones ring louder!!!!
Poor battery life,5hrs.tops,unable to make calls, poor service very vague on progress
None!
Poor reception, phones break down in no time.
Everything, breaks often!
Doesn't work
not in color, no speakerphone, and no camera - basically a regular phone.
Reception, durability, menus, lack of ringtones, too quiet rings plus all of above.
Lack of ring tones, wallpaper and screensavers; poor clarity; poor caller-ID.
Limited battery life.
Cant even depend on basic functions of make and receive calls
Ring tones too quiet.  Vibrate is very weak and can't set it to both vibrate/ring.
poor battery life, defect in plastic, phone gets hot poor ring tones
Poor sound quality, not durable, features not that easy to use.
unreliable, documentation is not user-friendly, Samsung is not much help if there is a problem
Flimsy, not durable, unreliable, buggy interface, poor customization options.
Unless you want to be aggrevated, don't buy this phone
Poor quality on voice, not reliable at all
sucks
See review body for all cons
Ringer too soft, vibrate too low, some annoying design features
not as nifty as it may believe!!
No one-touch answer while folded, simplistic phone book, questionable headset noise reduction, weak ring/vibration
Soft ringer, cannot ring and vibrate simultaneously
Terribly slow, clumsy keypad, poor service
Ringer volume(Please read review), menu a bit difficult to navigate.
quiet ring tone, downloads
If your used to Nokia then this is very different.
Low ringtones.  Camera options lacking. Browser a little difficult to use.
Minor time-lag on scree when in camera mode
Somtimes screen blacks out
Echos, does not pick up signal very well
not durable
Screen is dull and washed out, scratches easily.
Unreliable. Slow to navigate. Poor construction.
Camera, flip phone
Unreliable, awkward menus and side buttons
SIZE! styling, and yeah....size
size, not a lot of "latest" features
Lack of games, size (size matters to some).
Call waiting feature, smallish buttons.
Poor quality, poor microphone
power cord connection not secure
Horrible overall quality.
poor reception, quirky voice tags, poor construction
Looks kinda weird, but is still cool.
Battery life is on the weak side.  No date on the display, lots of toggling.
Poor sound quality (On both ends)
Low Talk Time, Poor Battery Life, Poor Voice Quality
Battery life; lack of ring tones; difficulty overall
Bad service, terrible navigation, confusing to use
Battery, Phonebook
Does not have full features.
Not all bells and whistles
Poor sound quality,cheap,not all of features
No Vibrate
have not found anything wrong with this phone yet
Bulky antenna, ugly faceplates, not enough light, no games, unexciting,ugly,horrible reception
Battery life
Bulky
Poor reception/dropped calls, ineffective vibrate mode, some design flaws
Poor reception, too many features and options
charger base,vibrate mode is too soft, ringer isn't very loud.
lack of downloadable ring tones and pictures
Nothing but trouble!!!
Limited accessories available.
No Games
too many.
voluminous, Microsoft dependency and outdated: lack of bluetooth, lack of GPRS, no MMS support
It's bulky, unattractive and I found it hard to use
Mundane styling, accessories not widely available, menus can be confusing
No custom faceplates. Nokia more comfortable in your hand. Nokia simpler to use.
Misses many SMS messages.  Inaudible alert tone.  Poor S.E. Michigan web coverage.
Confounding phone book, frequently doesn't connect calls, poor quality faceplate.
Sometimes confusing menus
Low battery life, not very durable, lack of accessories
warbled electronic sound 1/2 the time. hard to plug in.
None
Not loud enough, doesn't clear numbers after call, no vibrate function
Seems to be a crapshoot whether they work.
low volume level, sticky buttons
low speaker volume, relatively small display for internet phone
Somewhat heavy, lots of unwanted features
Poorly designed headset and charger jacks are VERY hard to insert.
Paint chipping, relatively short battery life, heats up during use.
Menus are confusing, profiles difficult to set up,
Breaks and is cheap
plain design
PLEASE SAVE YOURSELF AND DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!!!
This is the absolute worst phone or phones I ever owned
A bigger screen and a better battery would be nice.
Bulky, no screen protection
Didn't Hold Up Well When Run Over By 3/4Ton PickUp
Does not feel as solid as the 6100 series.
Little things, big problems
Poor slide-down cover, ear sometimes covers speaker, could be smaller, poor construction
Atrocious, annoying, frustratingly complex and inefficient user interface.  Hand-free headsets break frequently.
Poor Button Reactivity
small and cheap
Atrocious, annoying, frustratingly complex and inefficient user interface.  Hand-free headsets break frequently.
Poor Button Reactivity
small and cheap
Doesn't work well in the grocery store or large superstores
Lots of them.
Screen, Reliability Issues, Marginal Battery Life, Joystick
Terrible battery life, bad reception, too long to connect to Wireless web
Not the greatest battery life.
Battery life is average at best for cell phones, but better than my old SPH-A460.
Battery Life, Reception outside city limits
Battery life, limited data entry for PDA functions.
PCS Vision service should be free. Downloads should also be Free.
Wireless web browser is slow and sometimes unreliable.
More than any one phone should have.
Battery, Reception, Phone's software freezes, overpriced
Lots.  Read review.
Short battery life, extra cost for many features
IF you are in Kansas City - it dosen't work.
None of the pros actually WORK reliably,software crash/freeze, Sprint cust. service, Samsung cust. svc.
battery!!
Poor Battery life, slow processor speed, faded lcd screen.
microphone, LCD, case, were all problem areas - i hate this phone
Few ringers
size:width, screen not protected, battery life, difficult joystick
Flip part does not cover screen, wireless web
Poor Reception, Moderate Battery Life, Screen Not Protected, No Conventional Ringers, Slow CPU, Headset Clarity
battery time
Screen freezes,no new ringers.
PCS Vision is very poor, limited screen size.
Speaker phone, shuts off, doesn't hold a charge.
Extremely fragile screen display is easily cracked -- phone becomes ruined.
Battery Life,Back lite display in sun lite
Crackly speakerphone, external antenna
horrible battery life, features, functionality, range, clarity and it's not user friendly
awful reception, battery life is terrible, menus are unintuitive
Only thing I could say is the battery life...but the pros far outweigh this!
speaker phone is trash, weak signal, battery life horrible, and software very buggy
Antenna, not many options, text messaging
Looks awful on the inside
reception is bad here but good there
Poorly manufactured, relatively large.
weak batt, no cumulative call timer
battery life, signal reception is horrible, software freezes
The basics: reception, battery, and the ability to work
short  battery  life with  original  battery, and  slightly weak  reception.
Expensive,Sensitive, can't send small text messages
Lousy Battery Life and not recommended for it's unreliability!
Poor reception. Poor battery life. Screen freezes.
Phone hangs or restarts automatically, firmware bugs, mono radio output and no colour screen
discontinued
It has an 'ok' button for send, end, and almost everything else.
short battery life, nothing fancy here, no vibrating feature
To many to list- chiefly, difficulty with programming phone book and reception.
Does not vibrate
Low Battery Life
Intenna breaks easily,  not many ring tones
Dim Lights
Ring tones, ease of use, overheating.
Okay reception, battery life, heats up quick
Battery Time, Heat After Long Use, Reception, Screen Picks up Grime
Poor battery life, poor reception, slow charge time
Battery life isn't great, BUT acceptable
Keypad looks nice, but keys are too close, easy to miskey, Fragile.
Outer shell tends to get scratched rather easily, battery life is lower then average.
EVERYTHING ELSE!!!  Battery life, reception, keypad, ringers, gets very hot...you name it, it's bad!
Short battery life, long time to charge, battery gets hot.
Signal Strength, battery heats up
Battery charge indicator not very useful.
Lags in connecting, battery life
None so far except the annoying canned voice asking "who would you like to call?"
Silly screen savers. No SMS function.
Ring is not loud in public. Dial pad just a bit too small.
Ring tones, even turned up high, not loud enough.
I fear that this phone will get obsolete fast.
GETS VERY VERY VERY HOT!!!!
melodic ringers, battery life, lcd backlight not bright
Heat, start/end chimes
Vibration weak, only works at max volume. Screen broke after a year.
short battery life, limited options
None
keypad is well-designed but small, needs standard ringer
Flip cover broke easily, ringer volume rocker switch does not work at times, echoing.
Very poor reception,signal strength,and poor battery life. Runs hot after 10-15 mins.
No 3G, accessories hard to find, chager design is poor
Short battery life. Sub-par signal strength. Not upgradable to 1xRTT network.
Battery Time, Phone Heats Up, Reception in certain areas
Keyboard is OK, ringer needs to be louder.
Flush keypad can cause miss keying.
Too new for accessories, not a very good signal
battery-life; heats up - if that bothers you. rings (if you're not into them)
1. Unacceptable reception 2. Unacceptable reception 3. Unacceptable reception
feels flimsy, ringers not too loud
AWFUL reception/signal , quick battery drainage
overheats, drops calls
I wish there were more normal ringers!
battery is very bad, keys are bad cause you always are making mistakes
Heats up a bit
Battery life and Reception is terrible;Phone overheats like crazy;Lousy ring-tones
breaks easily, difficult to enter numbers into memory
Battery drains almost instantly
Battery life; auto powers off if no signal;not very full featured
Very poor reception, no normal ringers, tinny sound quality
display problems.
Short battery life, poor signal strength
LCD SCREEN DOES NOT WORK AFTER A FEW MONTHS!
Low power. Low talk time. IT IS NOT #G COMPATIBLE.
can't find way to get ringers
Reception is TERRIBLE.  Buttons are nearly indistinguishable to the touch.
Battery life, when you use the backlight feature.
bad reception, bad battery life, gets hot while in use
confusing buttons, terrible menu style, terrible ringers, TERRIBLE SCREENSAVERS.
Weak battery, bad reception, LCD screen goes bad
drops calls
Key's are too close together.
Poor longevity.
After only 6 months of use the display area has gone blank .
Battery life is too short, heats up noticeably during extended usage.
Poor reception, drops calls, gets hot, scratches very easily, not durable
Everything else
battery life, one name/one number in phone book
pricey
Can be inconvenient when set on combination vibration and tone.
Shorter battery life, not many frills (if you care about those -I don't)
Can only get via Cingular
Hard to get accessories for, could be smaller
Short battery life (?), holster problems, menu navigation
Battery life
Ring tones, Screen smudges
BATTERY LIFE :o( ER!
Battery Life, Voice Quality
Just about everything else... Read and discover...
Bad voice quality by default, pathetic battery life, no drivers, no bluetooth.
battery life, battery life, battery life
Some of the "extras" cost extra to use.
No hierarchy in contact list, sync software hard to set up
Operating System Software Glitches.  Blue-Screen-Of-Death.  Lockup's requiring removal of battery.
Poor RF performance
Competition display and features
Slow menus, buggy software, screen unreadable with backlight off
The battery life.
uhhh... I suppose the screen does eat battery.
Battery life, encourages using network bandwidth, occasional hiccups
Buggy software, fragile beltclip, non-existent battery life.
cheap built, battery life, speaker not loud enough
Some common functions hard to access
Holster must have been designed by a 13 yr old, cover is an engineering afterthought.
If anything, battery life
Holster, screen, battery, CAN'T DOWNLOAD PICS!!
battery life
Too expensive, too many bugs, not worth it.
Some rings are hard to hear.  But that's not a big deal at all.
Battery, software, surface, durability.
Battery life, buttons are small, frustrating to navigate through menu's, no games come with it.
Very poor reception (especially compared to v60c/v60i); poor battery life
Awkward menus, bad holster, low quality for Motorola.
Battery Life
Unable to download wallpaper.
Software hang-ups; slow navigation in some windows;flimsy holster
battery life, poor reception, looks aren't that great either
Inablity to change alert profiles with phone closed, color screen eats battery life
BUGGY SOFTWARE, battery life
Standby reception is awful. Many "No Service" reports where service EXISTS.
Battery good but could be better, display hard to see w/o back light
Reception, battery life, volume, screen quality
More features than I need,
no speakerphone, low ring volume unless you manually change it through programming menu, expensive games
expensive non-standard accessories, battery life, signal strength, steep learning curve.
Downloaded ringers much quieter than embedded ringers, poor voice quality, battery life.
Horrible car kit, drops calls, people can't hear me.
Battery life, charging problems, low earpiece sound
Battery life, reception, earpiece volume, build quality.
Very slow, easy to scratch, low battery life
Very delicate. horrible signal quality, slow moving thru the menus
Can't open when holstered, can't adjust ringer/mode with flip closed, battery capacity.
Nothing really. Possibly price, the Owners Manual
Drains batteries.  Locks up from time to time.  Reception is spotty.
Slippery, (easy to drop), menus are slow.  Feels somewhat flimsy.
Standby reception, Size, Clarity, holster , charging connection, Volume, Durability.
Poor battery life, poor software, poor performance.
No realistic cons.
VERY FRAGILE (learned the hard way!)
none- price depending on what you paid
I'm a network administrator and even I found the phones menus to be confusing.
Battery Life
Just about everything. Function, reception, call consistency, battery life
Speaker could use more power, standard battery runs out fast.
battery life, software glitches, poor phone mechanics, pricey
Battery life, menu navigation
Phone shuts off unexpectedly, especially during calls. Sounds are static like
Battery life, fragile antenna, slow software, very few "perks".
Very poor earpiece volume, poor battery life
Battery
Lousy reception; fragile handset; need 2 hands to answer; teensy side buttons
eats batteries like mad
Battery life, holster
battery, battery, and battery
Short battery life, number of miscellaneous problems with phone.
Cant  satisfy  everyone
Holster, battery life
low battery life, holster problems
flip is a little loose, hard to see screen without backlight, a little slow menus
battery life, text message and/or web access requirement for downloading ring tones
The cell phone lags.
short battery life, holster design
battery life, voice quality, and lots of bugs that need to be worked out
Antenna.  Sound quality.  Charging cord.
Short Battery Life, Expensive
very poor battery life,displays 'no service' in many areas, fragile
Battery Life, Keypad
Battery life SUCKS!!!!
Can't pick up a signal in areas a 5 year old Motorola StarTac will.
flimsy, cheap construction, not durable, cheap belt clip, poor battery life, prone to problems
none really
crummy belt holder, can't turn ringer off silently
GSM does not work well in San Diego
Reception, speaker volume, battery life
Terribly low volume
bad phone charger, low volume, some mechanical problems
not mastiff-proof ;)  sometimes drops calls in a very specific area
Price
Battery life, Menus, Speed.
battery life, slow response from buttons
Volume even all the way up SUCKS!
Body is plastic, not metal like v60i, won't synchronize with Lotus Notes calendar
fails as a phone, too quiet to use in loud places
everything else
OS software glitches/lockups
holster, speaker not loud enough, slow processor, lousy manual
Horrible battery life, bad reception, earpiece volume horrible, can't move while talking
The battery could be a problem for those who talk a lot.
poor reception, lock-ups, poor battery life
*low earpiece volume
Cheaply made. Dies after 2 weeks. Too hot to hold after 10 minutes
The hinge brakes after 6 months of moderate use. Obviously, there's a design flaw.
Battery life, short circuit problem?
None
I do not have great reception,I am not sure if that is with the provider.
Battery life :(
You have a good chance of getting a dud phone (see review)
Flimsy, flimsy!  Both screens have gone out twice in the last 6 months...
Verizon crippled the poor lad!
Slow. Slow. Slow. Lousy data accessories.
Battery Life, Ringer volume too low
buggy, poor reception, sucks with Verizon
Battery life, navigation, ringer not loud enough.
Not easy to cradle on shoulder, BATTERY LIFE, can't read display once backlight goes out
LOCKS UP!  NO BATTERY LIFE!  Metallic sounding voices.
pricey, holster problem, can't distinquish difference between ringer ID & text messages
TOO MANY FUNCTIONS!!
Not the greatest connection
Bugs in software, slow responding software, short battery life.
The holster is terrible compared to the Star-Tac.
AWFUL BATTERY LIFE, clumsy software full of bugs
"DON'T TRY OUT DIS PHONE!!!
The way it charges sucks.  Batteries over-priced.  Few ring tones.  Very slow startup.
Some inconvenient menus, Slow keypad response
Battery time, ringer volume, speaker volume
Large screen, excellent sound quality, etc.
Battery life; overall sound; upgradability
too numerous to mention
phone display freezes and goes blank. can't download personal photos to screen saver.
If it only works
Terrible reception and sound, unreliable,  and too complicated.
Was expensive, low battery life, low max volume, ugh..frustration
Call volume bad, no alarm cock
4 months and it died
Ring tones are plenty loud enough but sound distorted on the highest setting
The operating system is attractive and user-friendly.
navigating thru the menus is slow
switching on/off whenever it feels like
Weak speaker,ringer, vibrate mode. Poor battery life, flimsly recharger connection. Antenna sticks outtoo far.
Like any phone, its easy to drop.
NONE (I will let you know if any come up)
No camera, no pre-loaded games, not multi-country useable.
Freezes/Locks-up. Poor Battery Life.
Needs a larger display & more ear volume.
The phone can get laggy; the keypad isn't the best.
belt clip is  bulky,leather case is junk with the plastic window over key pad
Battery could last longer but hey 4 days ain't bad
Expensive, poor reception, display glitches, difficult to turn on and off.
Poor battery life, bad service reception, garbled audio, poor backlight.
Voice quality is poor.
Low earpiece volume, poor menu keys, low battery life, fragile
Always broken, bad belt clip, battery life stinks
reception, color, weight, low volume
No accessories, no downloadable ringers, games, backgrounds ect.,
must use speakerphone or handsfree device, battery life short, menus hard
Small, stiff buttons. Joystick control. Unusual shape.
No backspace on dialing phone numbers, a few menu options are hard to find.
Joystick can be tricky, some functions 'buried'. Limited speed-dial functions. Many accessories incompatible.
Poor interface design, short battery life.
somewhat confusing menu system and finicky joystick control
Cingular phones wont work in CINGULAR EXTEND
finicky buttons, joystick doesn't work the best, hidden menu choices, poor user interface
Reliability?
hard to find accessories locally
Mediocre navigation
slow OS, OS crashes, accessories unplug themselves too easy, buried functionality
It Sucks As A Phone!
HORRIBLE Buttons, terrible for text messaging
battery life!!!
A bit heavy. Somewhat slow interface.
saving numbers is a task
Quality and Battery Life
Menu System, Short Battery Life, Monochrome Display.
Inferior sound quality.
Doesn't actually work
It's ugly and will slowly make you def.
Big, Battery life, Sensitive keys, Lack of advanced features.
Battery life, reception, durability, no web browser
Doesn't switch from digital to analog well.
No speaker phone or web browser
Poor quality, mediocre reception, lack of accessories
ear-bud only, long menu's to cycle through
Brutal Menu System
Big, bulky, no frills
Low Memory, expensive, no distance range, etc etc
Li-Ion 650 mAh battery, some menus and options (or the lack of them).
Large battery...poor construction.
No web feature, hard to use
Maybe a little small for hubbies bigger fingers.
not-too-good sound quality for roaming calls, small buttons on the dialing pad
Small buttons, slightly cheap feel, display and buttons hard to read without backlight
Display hard to read, ringer and speaker not as loud, slow response in menus
occasional light buzz
Can't turn off greeting and exit sound.  Headset low.  Some rings low.
battery meter, buttons, font
Poor battery performance, terrible reception
too many to list; please refer to the review
badly manufactured (feels fragile), menus/software unorganized, low battery life
Poor battery life, reception could be better
Small keypad, sound quality, battery capability
Known problems with battery life, sometimes bad reception, cheap construction, buttons stick out too far.
Battery Life!, Small Small Buttons (big big hands), AOL for phone is impossible to use.
Poor battery life, confusing usability
Typing messages with iTap is not smart enough. Small buttons.
Poor Reception, Battery life, Ring tones and Cheap Casing
Short Battery Life, Long-Run Performance
single band, kinda cheap feel.
musical rings not loud enough
Buttons can be a bit tricky, battery easily overcharged.
slow response in menus, keypad, low speaker and ring sounds, internal battery, etc.
Cheap construction, awful battery life, poor connections
Poor quality, lousy battery life, malfunctions.
Battery life
Battery needs charging daily if you use the phone at all.  no back up battery
Battery life; talk time; earpiece volume;
Ring tones are not loud enough, internal battery
battery life, ring and voice volume low, cheap feel,
sound and battery
Battery Life, Low rings, and a lot more things...
Something is up with the batteries?
poor battery and ring volume
cheap flimsy plastic, battery life sucks!!,screen keeps freezing up!!!
too small, hard to navigate compared to other phones, screen hard to read, low rings
Small buttons, Difficult copying SIM card numbers to Phone, Battery Life could be better.
low battery life, terrible volume, ringer sounds gross
The battery sucks, might as well travel with quarters for the pay phone
terrible battery charge capacity-internal earpiece and ringer barely audible
I don't think that there is any cons.
It is not a good phone.
Signal stregth weak in marginal areas. Non-replacable battery.
Well, pretty much everything else.
Small buttons, Bad reception, Drops calls, Non stop problems
Ring Volume, short life span, batteries, bad reception, cheap plastic junk.
Battery life is SHORTer than your pinky. Volume on custom rings is poor.
Small, bad battery
No alarm clock.
Battery life, ringer volume
Horrendous battery life, flimsy quality.
charging problems, memory problems (lost phone #s)-frequently loses power, fragile
Poor battery life.  Software issues.  Cheap.
Too many to list.
low battery,cheap quality,bad reception, too small
fragile, bad software, 4 out of 4 phones defective within 6 months
Extremely Poor Battery life, Ring tones cannot be heard, technical issues, cheap frame/cover.
Joint for flip creaks on mine, not a lot of features.
top-heavy & awkward at times
poor reception
no outside LCD screen, very basic
Too many to list, but I'll try.
Speakerphone quality and volume control could be better
You get what you pay for. Very poorly executed features
T9En autocompletion mode for scheduler terrible. Speakerphone quality could be better but is adequate.
Limit of 11 characters for phone book entry list display.
Menus could be more intuitive.  Too few characters allowed for names in phone book.
no downloadable ringtones or games
cheap
Outdated now, no fancy features
Phone book organization (though it might be just me)
can't download ringtones
not the most modern looking phone, no color screen, average battery life
No bells and whistles, if you really need that stuff.  "Remember it's a phone!"
None.
No internal vibrator. Mediocre durability.
Well, it's cheap.
Poor battery life, Poor reliability, No chat board and UGLY!!
Manufacturer's Claimed Features Not Functional
"Web-ready" in name only; Web not ready for cell phones, but nice try!
Text and voice mail alerts are not loud enough.
Drop calls,bad design, numbers get lost in it
None yet.
Bad reception (?), slow response, long "boot up", camera not built-in
Uninspiring design, rather short navigation nub, 256 colors isn't enough
Subpar reception, email issues, flimsy feeling case, slow support response
a little bulky in size, thumb-controled joypad, color only 256.
Quiet ringer, quiet speaker, poor reception, not intuitive
Poor reception, Bad menu design, Slow keypad response
Interface is just Average, Confusing, Slow, Limited Memory, Battery Life
Slow response time with menus, reception, symbols rub off
Poor reception, poor quality, slow controls. Fails miserably at all phone features.
Ring signal volume is low and poor picture quality.
Reception is crappy
Poor  construction, poor sound to people called. Difficult to use.
Lousy screen resolution, not easy to transfer pictures
Buttons unreadable in some light conditions. Unresponsive when receiving messages or no network.
You can't actually use it to make a phone call
name it. "reception", battery, silly menus, fragility, speaker, etc...
Cannot complete a conversation due to drop outs.
extended apps (like photo) area  bit slow
Reception, ring volume, key times
Very poor reception,small keys, battery is location, Pic resolution
t-mobile has an ok network, reception could be better
Too many dropped calls, slow, quiet polyphonic rings, random restarts, 1995 cell phone dependability.
Worst Interface Ever, Consistantly Drops Calls
Nonexistent reception, nonexistent reception, and also nonexistent reception!!!!
Standard accessories don't work well, not many aftermarket accessories available.
AWFUL reception, joystick hard to use, delay times on everything
Very poor reception and sound clarity.  The color screen isn't viewable in sunlight.
reception, whats reception. volume needs major improvements. needs to have separate ringer.
Can't hear it ring, Scratched easy
horrible message alerting system, the inherent dialing problem, ....
Colour screen is v. low resolution (101x80) and only 256 colours so can appear liney.
Can't work on TDMA or CDMA Network  while roaming
Support, Features, Accessories
No reception anywhere. locks up, have to remove battery to unlock.
No bluetooth.
camera doodad sucks, slow, frustrating, battery adapter sucks
Camera leaves a bit to be desired
Screen could be better
Lousy reception, long boot times, software "hangs", simply an unreliable cell phone
Poor reception in some areas
Not many faceplates to choose from, Lots of glare in sun, hard to find accessories.
I would not recommend to buy this mobile.
Poor reception, long boot time, drops calls, bulky, non intuitive user interface
very slow, buttons eventually fade, durability is not good at all
sometimes it doesnt even dial!
Low volume, bad pic & screen resolution, not very reliable.
Terrible reception, unbearably slow menu system
Dropped calls, delayed answering, calls not going through the first time.
Not the best for adults
A bit on the girlie side
None found
Short battery life, weak vibrating alert
battery life, ring tones, clarity.
Signal strength, sound & awful OS
battery life, Menus, evil sounds.
Ring is a little low (I don't always hear it in my handbag).
Very hard to use, missing many basic functions found on Nokia phones.
not enough features
Signal strength, sound, Samsung support, Battery life
Can't get new ringtones/graphics without mMode, display not as vibrant as other phones
No speakerphone, not a lot of fancy features (but who cares?).
Unreliable OS/hardware
charging time, navigation
no "real" tones, no loudspeaker
Sometimes turns off by itself
needs hrs of charging; very bad reception; the color display is dull
No color screen, some hard to figure out features, outside ringer control problem
Everything else.
Poor reception, battery life, and durability.  Can't believe it's a Motorola!
Battery life, difficult navigation, no clock.
Everything.
everything: Navigation, Battery Life, LACK OF CLOCK
No clock, menus are a pain, no vibrate, consistent dropped calls
cannot download rings or logos, no vibrate, no clock, inaccurate gauges, convuluted menus.
No clock (what were they thinking?)
Awful WAP browser, sensitive screen, no vibration, no logos/picture messages, slow processor, short battery life.
No clock, large size, SIM card displaces easily.
no clock
pointless phone wraps, horrible keypad, no clock, subpar audio quality
Quite large, no clock function, radio only available through hands free kit
No clock (what were they thinking?)
No clock, who cares, get a watch!
Not the best of the best!
no clock
no clock, no ringtones, poor navigation, no games, etc...
No clock or alarm. Complicated menu.
display is small, no clock
Where's the clock
no clock, bad menu screens, bad radio, connection, those rubber covers.
Cuts in and out as you speak, hard to use controls
Cheaply built, falls apart and has technical problems
Not east to find good accessories.
Case very fragile, get a leather case,
NOTHING
buttons too small for my small fingers, not intuitive, difficult navigation, confusing menu nesting
No customer service to speak of
Terms of service change without warning.
issues with customer service
Requires diligence to buy and refill minutes regularly.
Misrepresentation, dishonest practices and tactics.
Customer service are outright rude and obnoxious.
Do not use Cingular. They will not communicate with you.
Contracts are written for the company, not the buyer.
Menu a bit confusing in the begining.
Horrendous user interface
Small form factor makes hitting the buttons difficult if you aren't paying attention.
weak signal, slow response, awful screen resolution, not a comm. tool. more of a show-off!!!!
No upgradeable memory. Very poor software suite.Uses proprietary music format (NOT mp3)
Ugly interface for the radio and MP3&#13;&#10;Really uncomfortable MP3 loading software&#13;&#10;Flimsy headphones
expensive, interface
Large size, flimsy looking covers, proprietry music format.
Audio Management is needlessly painful
Poor quality of manufacture, battery problems and weak signal rec.
Antiquate backdrop light, black and white, bad games
Horrible speakers, battery indicator, keypad lock features, voice-activated dial...
Slow boot-up, some menu functions are annoying and cumbersome.
Ringer not loud enough, keypad lock is a joke, can't find accessories, charging issues.
How does the polyphonic speaker work?  Not a very good user's manual.
terrible reception and transmission
Low Volume, drops calls, difficult to find accessories, tiny keypad, case comes apart to easily
Faulty signal issues. Low earpiece volume. Annoying synch issues with Vibrate and Ring.
Small keys,average battery life
Poor reception range, poor battery life, permanent battery, single band
The ringer is waaaay too soft, even at its loudest settings.
Limited Features
only gsm(for c331g) and can lose signal
Quiet Speaker volume, Low talk time, Weak on sound clarity.
Reception, Volume Level, Battery indicator
New so not too many Accessories
Pros negated by the terrible sound on the receiving end of phone.  "muffled"
no battery life;bad signal
Poor battery life,Poor sound quality,constant buzzing in the background
I don't know where to start!
Serious design defect with battery, too quiet, menus are slow
Dropped Calls, Bad Battery Life
Horrible reception. Very Poor Battery life, dies out after one call, after full charging.
Crap battery life, small screen
Poor signal acquisition.
Flawed, gaps in casing.
no vibrate, Short battery life.
Calls get cut off, annoying "cannot place call" notice frequently
Not very user friendly, lots of static.
Short battery life, many features I won't use, ring is too low
Speaker phone, Not User Friendly, Service coverage, 2 year contract.
battery life, reception
bad quality phone, hard to navigate, exposed buttons, Sprint customer service
Freezes once in a while, not many new features.
Terrible phone! Bad battery life, doesn't notify of messages, sometimes doesn't ring at all.
Mediocre reception, battery life could be better.
Screen can get scratched, complicated features and speaker sound unclear when loud.
a flip phone that has no protection for the main screen.
Signal, Battery Life
terrible battery life, terrible service, dropped calls
CRAP CRAP CRAP
Dated, 2-line display, not great with US networks, no "fun" extras
Short battery life, many features I won't use, ring is too low
Speaker phone, Not User Friendly, Service coverage, 2 year contract.
battery life, reception
bad quality phone, hard to navigate, exposed buttons, Sprint customer service
Freezes once in a while, not many new features.
Terrible phone! Bad battery life, doesn't notify of messages, sometimes doesn't ring at all.
Mediocre reception, battery life could be better.
Screen can get scratched, complicated features and speaker sound unclear when loud.
a flip phone that has no protection for the main screen.
Signal, Battery Life
terrible battery life, terrible service, dropped calls
CRAP CRAP CRAP
Dated, 2-line display, not great with US networks, no "fun" extras
Battery was constantly dying
1) No Speakerphone
cheaply made
Not many compatible accessories
The phone book has disappeared on two different phones.
Processor seems to have some software glitches.
major software issues, poor reception, network problems
Released too soon, still has way too many bugs.
Phone is constructed very poorly.
slightly difficult menu button arrangement
accessories are over priced
expected more features
Not very durable as opposed to other phones, previously owned.
buttons are small
Reception, reception, reception. Sound quality marginal when too far from towers.
Can't make calls, can't keep a call on the phone...
No Downloadable Ringers
Everything else
Sort of ugly
Poor reception, clarity, interface and battery life/durability.
Poor Sound quality, Vibra-Call faint, Poor Battery life, Complicated menu
What is not bad about this phone? everything!
Battery Life
Very weak signals-- does not work well indoors
short battery life, questionable reception
no antenna, can you say RADIATION?
Poor Battery life. dropped calls when stading still & turns itself off unexpectedly
Short Battery Life, Bad sound quality
Everything else!
battery life
Signal strength, but can be attributable to T-mobile, not the phone, will never know.
Battery Life sucks, takes long to charge for nuttin, not much talk time
Low battery life
battery life is terrible
poor reception, poor battery life, factory defects
It is a very simple phone.
No desktop charger to charge a spare battery. Phone must be off to charge.
Battery Life, made out of poor plastic , can not play internet games on this.
Titanium casing,sturdy keypad, loaded features
Poor build quality
Poor slider mechanism
see op
everything
average battery life, tiny icons
unintuitive GUI, 1 day battery life, crashes, breaks when you drop
Not very rugged, battery life could be better, extended battery makes unit very thick.
sometimes crashes, power connector doesn't always set right, interface awkward in places
Horrible accessory charger, noisy bootup/shutdown
Reception, UI, irritating "gamey" features
The battery life is lacking, no other real problems
Not durable, unintuitive interface, cannot adjust ring volume with phone closed
short battery life, shuts down, charging port goes bad and phone won't charge.
Service reeks.
Operation, signal strength, power cord, power consumption.
Sometimes hard to see screen, animations take too long
Poor reception, poor body casing durability
Poor quality,clarity is horrible-both ends.Poor reception.Too long of a list.
Poor & static filled reception, short battery life
Too many to mention here
not the best reception
Extremely short battery life, flimsy charger receptacle, hard to see display.
Cheaply made.
Sound quality is terrible,
A little heavier than some other modern phones, weak selection of rings
hard to figure out how to download images for the background.  need special usb cable
-End key flaky
Abysmal repair support
Vibrates, but not as strong as others
Nokia does not stand by their warranty.  The phone broke in five months.
A few fairly minor hiccups
A few minor quirks detailed in the review
Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
Kind of big.
Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
Camera is sufficient.
Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
Sound quality is awful
Chronic battery issues with this model
This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
vibrate, voice name dialing
freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
Verizon Disabled Features
small screen for mobile web
My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
See Review Above
A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
Bulky, no video camera, texting system
A little bulky and heavy but its expected with so many features.
A little harder to carry.
slightly bulky, immature wireless sync features, poor calendar integration, mediocre ergonomics
Small "phone" buttons, inside softkeys awkward
It doesn't have a very good camera.
Size, front keypad, need to accessorize
Size, buggy software
Camera layout is bad
Small front screen, buttons a little close but still perfectly usable.  Not yet sentient.
Too many pay to use-features, probably big and bulky for most users.
Does not support Bluetooth data transfer.  Users Manual is EXTREMELY inadequate.
Not that great for things other than texting
Bulky, Ringer not loud enough, Front screen is small and not very sharp/clear
Bulky, after a year of use, looks like a truck ran over it.
Battery life and durability.
Unusually large size
bulky, defective volume, bluetooth sucks
Price if you buy retail, but it's truly worth it.
Battery life is average, low-resolution camera
Small size, mediocre speakerphone, no Bluetooth, videoclips, camera-flash, MP3 player, etc.
Extremely poor construction quality and customer service. Poor signal strength and reception.
Unreliable, turns off randomly, deletes text messages on its own
Screen size too small, speakerphone muddy-sounding, limited information storage for contacts, charging system flawed.
Battery, antenna, the speaker is worthless, and the headset feature is junk.
Nothing big...but, the screen does lag from time to time and annoying hum from charger.
Splash some water on it, it dies.
See above.  I'll never by Motorola again because of this.
none
Low resolution, backlight prone-to-fail, Sprint network sucks, can not be used on other networks.
Too large for some and too small for others, somewhat obsolescent due to newer phones
Cannot personalize ringtones or wallpaper. No camera, internet, or stylish design.
Ringtones not downloadable, not a camera phone.
?
You can get a much better phone and camera today for the retail price
Slow and awkward menu system. Not always easy to find your way around its features.
the chargers suck and the phone stops charging after a few months of use.
poor interface, placement of buttons, overall functionality.
No expansion card slot, headphone jack, display timeout/screensaver settings don't work, so-so battery life
Frustrating buttons, poor sound quality, frustrating user interface, annoying charger
Somewhat bulky when open, display, somewhat confusing navigation circle
Keypad isn't the greatest and the buttons are way too close together
Battery slightly sub par, thicker than GSM brother, Verizon's is crippled
No included case
No Ring+Vibrate, Verizon Interface, no true Silent mode, can be slow
Poor address book searching, poor voice quality, no power-on indicator, blankenned button function screen
-Dual mode
Keypad construction, buggy software (time), can't change default text entry, many button presses required, "unintuitive"
Side buttons can be a pain
Time update issues, small buttons, talk-time battery life, speakerphone bugs, Verizon blocks
every body is getting them, originality factor minimized.
no headphone jack or memory expansion slot.
Poor ergonomics, poor sound.
No expandable memory, no Mp3, No Obex
retains cold! BRRRR....
itap sucks, outside display is tiny, battery life is mediocre.
Annoying missed call and message reminders.
Speakerphone volume and battery life
No OBEX/Bluetooth File Transfer support
price,no longevity, sound quality
speakerphone and outside buttons are difficult.
Speakers not too clear. No ear plug hole. Side buttons are awkward. No holster.
Pricey, battery life, can't remove default pictures
Scratches easily.
Very slow processor, awkward to hold, poor quality overall
Battery life is drained quickly in cold weather - good thing I'm moving to Florida
applications lag, phone freezes, no vibrate/ring combination ring tone, poor picture quality
battery , battery, battery, battery, where is the energizer bunny?
**too many to list - see above**
Side buttons very easy to press accidentally, causing missed calls.
poor battery, buggy software that freezes up
timeouts/freezes up
Antenna on this phone isnt any good.
Only one port, hard to fit your head, easy to lose.
Beware of early phone crash
Laggy, not durable, voice quality isn't good
Display is next to impossible to see in daylight,no way to increase brightness.
Frustrating to an extent.
So far, I have nothing negative to say about the phone.
Too many to count.  they all have to do with the durability and quality.
-Software is a little slow, software version .03 is supposed to fix this.
horrible sound quality. bad speaker phone. when calls are dropped it won't hang up.
Hard to find a cover. All the covers are a snap on plastic.
16MB, non-expandable memory; 0.3 Megapixels on the camera; No full version games.
Poor design of external buttons. Awful camera quality.
Buggy software.  Bluetooth connectivity.
Unreliable, poor photo quality, annoying camera button location, Bluetooth connectivity problems.
Mediocre camera quality, small keypad buttons
Bad design, bad reliability, scorchingly poor customer service.
Pricey but you get what you pay for.
sometimes slow, camera button is annoying, voice dialing doesn't always work
Inadequate operating system to manage memory, freeze ups, power cycling the phone daily
Memory is low, minor bugs, price (even though I got it free)
Camera button in the worst possible location!
Not easy to hold while talking. Poor Battery life.
Side camera button....battery life over estimated
reliability, camera button, picture quality
camera button on the side, arrangement of keypad
will not survive a fall from 3 ft
Not reliable
none that i can think of
camera, not alot of memory for mp3
camera,video display,
VOLUME STINKS
You have to top it up every 3 months or lose the number,
Apparent bug may need remove/replace battery infrequently
Will never buy another nokia
Stub attenna doesn't get as good reception as regular attenna.  Battery use annoying sometimes.
nothing
A few fairly minor hiccups
A few minor quirks detailed in the review
Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
Kind of big.
Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
Camera is sufficient.
Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
Sound quality is awful
Chronic battery issues with this model
This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
vibrate, voice name dialing
freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
Verizon Disabled Features
small screen for mobile web
My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
See Review Above
A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
Bulky, no video camera, texting system
None!
External antenna can break off, camera is behind current standards.
The Battery life. Samsung PC Studio3 doesn't work.
Battery life
The door for the memory card slot *appears* to be fragile.
no email, slider takes getting used to
Dust under screen. Buzzing from unidentifiable source.
Poor UI, poor battery, no programmability, poor speaker, poor speakerphone.
Manual doesn't give needed info on using the MP3 player.
sometimes slow, somewhat flimsy, average reception quality, average battery life on standby
NO VOICE DIALING (useful for bluetooth headset).
Spring wears out and dust behind the lcd.
POOR MANUFACTUER SUPPORT/WARRANTY, Poor battery life, Can't use bluetooth headset for MP3 playback
Battery dies quickly
Lint gets in screen
Not loud enough, distorted-
Plain appearance when closed
Horrible speaker phone sound quality, less than great battery life
Outside button controls are susceptible to unintended use, byzantine and repetitous option procedures
Bad speakerphone engineering, could find a better phone for the same money
The speakerphone sometimes echos.
No live conference video. It's just a RAZR in disguise with some new features.
Price, USB cable and sync software sold separately, poor voice command.
Pricey, limited features, only carried by T-mobile currently.
Not cheap, sound could be better, magnet-based flip open, prone to smudges and scratches
Battery life can be unpredictable
Hard to see screen in bright light.
tones, pics, etc are awful, menu screen are confusing could be far better
Sticks in pockets, hard to open, VGA camera.
Unlocked Version is Quirky and Unfriendly
None as far as I can tell.
none so far. I love this phone!!!
reception, key design? motorola's customer care
User-interface sometimes slow, Camera/Vid Camera...
It isn't free...
OS beyond terrible, its designers should be forced to empty a pool with a sieve.
Voice call button is in a bad place; flip phones aren't the best for me.
Really aren't any that I've found, software should come with it and not cost extra
Expensive, some features are more complicated to execute than needbe
-Bugs in MP3 player
Ugly and slow.
Not the most stylish phone at the table, voice dialing a bit of a pain.
Bluetooth headsets don't work with audio player.  No "Missed Calls" list.  Phone freezes up occasionally.
screen wearing out, scuff marks from flip, a bit expensive
Design, black and white external lcd, bad speaker voice quality
ONLY A FEW VERY MINOR THINGS...READ Descrip
Bluetooth not so convenient sometimes, MP3 Player memory is a joke.
none
little built-in memory, small Memory Stick provided, no EDGE support, ?durability of active slide
Small memory stick, display could be a bit bigger
Bad video quality.  Ram overload causing the phone to freeze.
Ringtones arent very loud. Would like a louder external speaker.
bad reception w/some plans in some areas
Need to download extra software to run some videos and pictures
Integrated memory not expandable(48MB).
Very poor battery life and Very limited memory with no option to expand it
non-expandable memory, poor bluetooth, short battery life
Cannot upload ringtones or graphics - They must be bought. Awkward power connector.
Complicated, poor battery life, poor digital camera.
Bluetooth range isvery limited, almost all bluetooth users agree, this phone is bluetooth worthless (almost)
Price, fees, frequent white-screen-of-death, battery life.
Read the body of my review
reliability, color, battery life.
poorly designed; breaks too easily;
Sometimes it mal functions and needs to be restarted.
The screen is not as visible as I'd like in sunlightShort battery life
Battery life could be a little longer. Needs more memory.
Limited memory and Of course the speaker phone bug
New look, old technology
I is slim and has good LCD screen.
battery life.
color, battery life, internet inavalability (might just be me though).
Poor cable-connectivity design, inability to increase memory, inability to use your own content.
Disappointing memory and screen size
No Bluetooth..aargh!
Vibrate mode makes too much noise; Dust shows on outside display
Small text for messaging - no option to enlarge.
no flash on camera
Poor battery life, worthless camera, not as intuitive as LG's
None to speak of
Poor battery life.  Shoddy and failure-prone software.
Buggy operation. Never had a phone with a serious defect like this one.
Small text and no T9 text messaging.
Drops calls, slow OS, no flash on camera, bad camera, ugly, small outside screen...Everything!
No blue tooth attachment and no flash for the camera.
Slow response time and screen freezes
the first one lasted 3 weeks before the jack went out
MOTOROLA V325: NOT WORTH THE TROUBLE!
some options i want, it doesnt have
Slippery- Should have come with Soft Cover and DC Charger. Battery life questionable.
Possibly short battery charge life. Tones & headset volume a bit too low
Below-average camera, no MP3 player, no way to expand memory
Very little memory, won't be enough if you like clicking pictures.
Low memory for photos and ringtones.
Poor quality cover, battery life is short, no MP3, no expandable memory!
Very fragile! I mean, VERY FRAGILE!!  EASILY DESTROYED.  Plus, not quite enough memory.
none
VERY VERY VERY low volume for ear piece
Pictures can be blurry. Phone sometimes blacks out.
Call quality very poor. SLOW! Camera is a pain. Low memory, shuts down.
loud click, message memory runs out quick
Battery life could be better
None
Slow menu response time, irritating contact matching
Navigating through the contact list is sluggish.
Picture sizes, internet disconection is efficient
Odd durability issues over time, Camera is poor quality, Navigation is slow
So cute I'm going to be mad with the first scratch.
Poor quality camera and absolutely terrible quality control!
It's old now.
Terrible sound quality.
Signal strength might be a little weaker than some, no belt clip with phone.
no camera
Everything else. Do not buy this phone!
Flimsy construction. Little overall compression strength.
Breaks easily
A few fairly minor hiccups
A few minor quirks detailed in the review
Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
Kind of big.
Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
Camera is sufficient.
Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
Sound quality is awful
Chronic battery issues with this model
This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
vibrate, voice name dialing
freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
Verizon Disabled Features
small screen for mobile web
My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
See Review Above
A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
Bulky, no video camera, texting system
A left-handed person and this phone are not compatibile.
Battery gets hot on long calls.
Dropped calls. No Games. Limited memory.
No camera, not many features, no games
Lousy reception.  Menu is hard to use.  Bad location for Ringer volume control.
video camera is so-so, learning curve to mastering all the buttons/options, expensive extras
Doesn't show charging indicator; expensive to use V CAST features
not enough ringtones, no blue tooth headset provided
placement of the speaker phone button, no zoom at highest resolution
Headphones are proprietary
Verizon's replacement user interface.
speakerphone button, Verizon customer service.
Verizon and Lg intentionally weakened features of the phone
Big, mediocre camera, Get It Now is an excuse to waste money
Music player, expensive Verizon Media downloads.
Are there any? Internal memory could be bigger.
Spotty reception, poor bluetooth
VCast mostly a gimmick, calendar sync to Outlook is messy.
The phone is very good, Verizon limited some potentialy great options.
no gsp, have to buy micro sd card to use mp3 or camara
tries to connect to the internet when not sure which menus do what
Limited ring-tone selections, no name auto text when adding contacts. Verizon extras are too expensive
NOT true stereo speakerphone, small screen.
phone volume is sometimes low, buttons on face are begging to be bumped
Irritatiing menu structure, too many buttons to press
No cons I can find except SD card song recognition.Small plastic covers easy lost.
The stubby antenna.
expensive accessories; voice command isn't very good
Lack of ring tones.
Poor clarity, expensive downloads, horrible ringtones, poor quality camera.
The way it opens. Battery length
You can not download music to use as a ringtone.
The battery charger adapter makes an annoying high freq sound.
No time on the front display
Ringtones stink.
MP3 music not supported
Built-in LED flash not worth using.
Battery life is weak, Lots of extras.
compatibility issues and Telus
Speaker is not very crispy, Styling is quite boxy and bulky
Date/Time too small.  Ear and Spkrphone volume too low.  Poor talk time.
A little easy to lose grip of, not enough " memory space",too thick.
Poor use of screen space.  Not the loudest standard talk volume.  Poor mp3 volume ranges.
breakdowns lack of warranty back up for known fault. poor volume
built cheap, no reliability, poor reception, and of course it stopped working.
It is heavy and big.
Cons, well this phone's only Con would be its price perhaps.
Battery life, MSRP is too high, Camera performance indoors
Still has some user interface kinks to work through.
Limited memory capacity, useful and decent but not the best music and pictures
Price, Battery Life, Quirky charger plug, The Dreaded White Screen of Death (read further)
Dont like charger cord, cant buy faceplates and there is no case for this phone.
a little bulky, buttons can be a little confusing
No speakerphone, Proprietary headset jack, must convert MP3 to WMA
Odd quirks with the music player.  Not cost effective once you consider add-ons.
headphone adapter easily lost, no headphones, no music software, quirky touch sensitive panels, no flash
Finicky Buttons, Bad Battery Life, Not all Bluetooth headsets work well, Hard to hold
New technology can have glitches.
Speakerphone while on calls.
Keys too close together, touch screen is moody, sound quality poor
No speakerphone, Not able to have ring tones for each party.
Frustrating controls, sub-par music playing capabilities.
No Speaker Phone Feature, Potentially Fragile, May be too high tech for some
Battery life, form factor.
Fragile, headset compatibility
BATTERY LIFE, NO SPEAKER.
No speakerphone, several other small inconveniences
Known glitches, No speakerphone yet, Music sync is frustrating
PC Sync is somehow hard to use, no expansion port, fingerprints easily,
Scroll wheel, average phone features, have to pay extra for music kit
oddly sensative controls.
durability, small hard-to-use buttons
No battery life, not dependable, worst in class keypad.
touchpad can be sensitive, most accessories sold separately
Super sensitive touch controls - Doesn't work well with certain Bluetooth devices.
Keypad is very hard to use
Phone has gloss-like finishing which shows fingerprints very easily.  The touch screen is sensitive.
Battery life
numbers cant be dialed with even small fingers  verizon is a scam Insurance  scam
Easy To use , and Elegant black
I still can't shave with it on trips.
Limit on songs in iTunes, voice recognition could use improvement.
Slow response camera, Not user friendly. Catalog does not tell all. Crappy software.
Battery life could be improved
No-frills; slim shape might take getting used to
Very user un-friendly buttons, bad reception, my husband hates it!
Camera is a joke, Bluetooth problems
Camera is awful, and menus need serious redesigning.
None so far
No Bluetooth!
Not a great camera but who cares.
No bluetooth, low ring tone volume, camera quality
Basic model missing many features I want.
Dies every two weeks
The instruction manual is a little vague.what the soft keys are for..
No outside on/off buttons to start the MP3 player.
micro sd card under battery door. Learning to transfer files a bit complicated.
Verizon interface, Vcast, ringtone & music apps, microSD location
Menu lag, Cost, Web/Music bugs, average resolution/small display, no flash, no external LED, crappy camera
flash, theme options
a bit expensive, as just released,
Doesn't perform well as a cell phone, no range or volume.
scratches and cracks very easy
No media player music when you close the phone.
not a great vibrate function
display, menus, no games preloaded, no units converter, volume controls, speakerphone.
call clarity, signal lock, battery life, key feel
vibration is not strong at all
Manual - Phone functions - buttons - menues
vibrate, washed out screen, no volume rocker, no camera.
No built in MP3 support.
A few fairly minor hiccups
A few minor quirks detailed in the review
Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
Kind of big.
Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
Camera is sufficient.
Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
Sound quality is awful
Chronic battery issues with this model
This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
vibrate, voice name dialing
freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
Verizon Disabled Features
small screen for mobile web
My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
See Review Above
A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
Bulky, no video camera, texting system
Size, battery life, BAD, BAD software.
No timed profiles, extremely poor voicetag implementation, battery life, lack of UMTS 1900 (US).
Camera not perfect, battery life is good, but not great, is slow at times
Freezes up, Par battery life, Abortion of the timed-profile
Sluggishness, inadequate service, lousy flash, short battery life
Lowlight camera performance, slow menu navigation, quality of movie mode, sliding camera cover, battery life

None so far
Not a Mega Pixel Camera, Internal Antenna can make holding it tricky...
poor camera quality, few ringtones or games, soft speakerphone
Not many ring tone options.
Slippy.Does Sprint really need to print on the phone "Ultra Slim Mobile Phone" ?
speaker!
feature, sliding buttons,
Bad selection of ring tones and melodies. Drops calls because of signal fade constantly!
not a great camera, not a whole lot of features.
some ringers are not loud enough for me
horrible speaker phone quality.
poor ringer volume, poor signal strength, poor camera, poor ringer and game selection
Minor niggles in some functionality, lack of integration of some features.
battery, battery, battery -- it will not last long, the rest will be fixed
image gets distorted if phone not held steady
prone to crashing
WIFI buggy. Battery life is sub par. OS updates infrequently released. Camera flash weak.
The maps do not exist!It needs meny reboots.
Service charge to use many of the advanced features.
2.5mm headphone jack, no data cable or flash memory included,  no PC software
Supports 1GB MicroSD max, no USB port, terrible ringtones, strict java permissions, no voice dialing
no push to talk, camera quality poor
Poor battery life
Where's the software?, Ring Tones, Voice Dialing
No USB connection, location of memory card could be better
Micro SD connection, button functions, battery life
everithing! this phone is just a lost of money
there is not a silent mode, just vibrate, ring, and vibe &ring
awkward volume buttons, no voice dial, weird ringer, flimsy battery and earpiece jack covers
Ringtone ramp time, lack of 'officially supported' sync software
Can't turn off annoying sound, speakerphone is extrasuper quiet, not my all-time favorite setup/rearrangement options
it comes with basics only, so you pay more to add ringtones, games, accessories
Definitely needs a memory card, a few weak points but nothing serious
Not crazy about slider (tough to find good case); less customizable than my prev Nokia
Trying to write words on the keypad can sometimes be a really hard process.
If keypad lock is on and you bump the slide open a little, it unlocks.
Pixelated video; low battery endurance. Some may be turned off by color scheme.
T-Mobile exclusive, camera phone, questionable durability due to slider phone feature
- bad interface
Processor is underpowered. Short battery life.
vague battery indicator, camera has no flash
Easily breakable screen, short battery life
Screen is easily damaged; poor battery life
Low internal memory
none
Cingular software.  Small navigation keys.
Only 20 MB onboard memory, can freeze and stutter, toggle navigation is tiny.
Annoying preset buttons, wind noise in hands free earphones (sometimes), On/Off button position.
Fiddly for bigger hands
Small buttons which could be troublesome for large fingers
Camera little to slow causing blurry subjects. Earbud fall out. No camera lens cover
nothing really
no headphone jack (but came with its own Sony Quality stereo Headphones. no 3G
None
Speaker volume is a bit low, and buttons are small. No Mac compatibility.
-Speaker phone is too quite
Has switched off for no reason twice, 1gig memory card drains battery quickly.
Software is slow and unresponsive at times, startup takes minutes
Lockups, poor plastic, terrible warranty service
Lack of Flash
only supports up to 8mb.
adapter for headphones, FM tuner doesn't work without the hands-free unit plugged in
Delicate, don't drop or let water get in contact with it
would recommend having a flash for the camera
none!!
still slightly bulky,cant add pics or ringtone for each contact,lots of people have it,flat screen
Services and accessories will cost you extra $$$; sleek surface can get smudgy
Non-Standard Earphone Plug, Complex Menus, Tiny Touchpad Produces Unwanted Errors, Build-Quality Flaws
no 2.5mm headset jack, poor camera quality, fingerprint magnet, low speakerphone
side control button location, shows fingerprints
Camera grainy in low light, lacks 2.5mm jack, no mass-storage USB mode, fingerprints, keypad
Accessories hard to find; fingerprints on cover; slippery keypad; hard to access charging port
BATTERY LIFE!
scratches easily
Reception, sound quality, battery life, fingerprints and scratches on face, power connection.
Poor ergonomics - difficult to dial without looking.  Feels cheap
Sound quality, reception, usability
Small buttons, smudges easily
Pricey accessories. No standard headphone jack.
battery dies without warning. poor speakerphone.  ultra-sensitive keyboard.
Software bugs. Speaker phone is useless.
A few fairly minor hiccups
A few minor quirks detailed in the review
Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
Kind of big.
Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
Camera is sufficient.
Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
Sound quality is awful
Chronic battery issues with this model
This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
vibrate, voice name dialing
freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
Verizon Disabled Features
small screen for mobile web
My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
See Review Above
A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
Bulky, no video camera, texting system
poor sound, poor speakerphone, easily scratches, speed dial, unraised keys
None found so far.
Terrible sound quality (On two separate M-610's),
Very poor earpiece/speaker quality.Lousy battery life.Wobbly hinges.Get a Katana  for free.
Terrible sound quality.  Had problem with 1GB memory card.
The paper manual is apparently written by someone who has never used the phone.
None so far
battery life, games, dual mode, menu structure, keypad, no side volume controls.
Menu a little sluggish and time-consuming to navigate.  No flashy extras.
does not have bluetooth
No voice dialling. No infrared. Battery life could be better.
Some may not like the small flush keys, or cell's small size.
Want better sound ability, menu functions aren't always where I expect them to be.
small buttons, shorter battery life than most, small
MicroSD memory card sold separately.
SD card placement, graphical user interface, popularity, not very durable
Slow menus, poor placement of mico SD slot, hard to dial by touch.
Poor battery life, difficulty with card slot, number of menus to do some features.
below average functions, inner/ outer screens terrible to read
Poor camera quality, card difficult to remove. Allowed Verizon to lock out features.
TOO thin & battery cover pops off when dropped. Using wired headset requires adapter.
Memory not reliable.  Contacts setup is inefficient, awkward, and unreliable.
headset jack and charger cannot be used simultaneously
Camera picture quality, didn't come with a belt clip
Freezes up all the time and doesn't keep a charge. Useless
horrible speakerphone quality.
Tiny display (phone side).
Poor Speakerphone Quality, Somewhat More Complicated Phone, Music Files Can't Be Used As Phone Ringers.
Large display is EASILY BREAKABLE! Tiny phone side display
Quiet Ringer. Sketchy Speakerphone and Handset sound. Useless Airplane mode. T-Zones Overkill.
Navigational buttons
Sound Quality (voice). Small Buttons. Proprietary Headphones. Bluetooth Transfers. Can that Hinge Survive Two Years?
Battery life.
The Bluetooth implementation does not support transferring of regular files.
A few fairly minor hiccups
A few minor quirks detailed in the review
Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
Kind of big.
Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
Camera is sufficient.
Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
Sound quality is awful
Chronic battery issues with this model
This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
vibrate, voice name dialing
freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
Verizon Disabled Features
small screen for mobile web
My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
See Review Above
A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
Bulky, no video camera, texting system
Display and keypad can be hard to see because of glare and reflections
Battery life could be better, fingerprint magnet.
LCD Displays Don't Function in Bright Light, Poor Speaker Phone, Data Port Cover
Volume levels, battery life,gets hot, placement of charger socket.
Sprint PCS, issues with photos from PC (minor problems)
Poorly designed mini-USB port access
So many features I haven't had time yet to figure them all out!
Known issue with the "Flex Cable" (read review)
Not flashy.  Not compatible with some old bluetooth gear.
Limited speed dial feature, no camera, no speaker phone.
no camera, scratch prone
Wifi, seamless wifi to GSM transition. Can use instant messaging on wifi. Bluetooth, VGA camera.
A few fairly minor hiccups
A few minor quirks detailed in the review
Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
Kind of big.
Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
Camera is sufficient.
Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
Sound quality is awful
Chronic battery issues with this model
This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
vibrate, voice name dialing
freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
Verizon Disabled Features
small screen for mobile web
My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
See Review Above
A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
Bulky, no video camera, texting system

        Easy to use, economical!
        Digital is where it's at...down with developing film!
        Good image quality, 3x optical zoom, macro mode, inexpensive
        Awesome features/easy to use/fun/versatile/low price/Cust SVS 2nd 2 none!
        intuitive, user friendly
        Simple, Flexable, Reliable
        battery life, download speed
        Agfa quality in a small box, great for table top and tests
        Image quality, price, video link
        No Extras to Buy, Very Flexible, High Quality Images, Good Software
        simplicity
        Comes with software, good price, excellent pictures.
        Clear pics
        Price, Over all Performance, Zoom Feature
        clear, srisp picture, durable camera, good desing, nice features
        Inexpensive compared to some
        Great picture quality, swivel lens, many options
        Very simple controls and a wide range of features
        Great camera, easy to use, good looking, high quality images.
        Megapixel quality, easy to use
        durable, easy to use
        Sharp, crisp, pictures.
        Ease of use, quality pictures.
        pic quality, smart media,price
        megapixel quality, easy to use
        Easy to use, takes GREAT pictures, full of features.
        Saturated, sharp images at all resolutions, twist-style body
        very clear photos
        Nickle Hydride batteries,  ease of use, excellent color rendition
        Picture quality, Twist body
        perfect shots, long-focus, easy to use, a lot of features, good software
        Easy to use, stylish, good picture quality, good price, good company.
        Good quality pictures for a low price, great first camera
        This camera is a nice easy to use camera.
        Takes great pictures
        Inexpensive and clear pictures
        Camera is very easy to learn and use.
        extra film, led for image viewing, software is easy to use, sleek design
        Easy to use, great pictures
        Ease of use; instant review; inexpensive
        cheap
        Inexpensive, good quality, easy to use
        Acceptable Quality Pictures. Decent amount of options.
        Low price, easy to use. Quality pictures.
        Low price, 4 levels of resolution, EZ to use
        None
        Easy to use, fabulous picture quality, lots of features
        sturdy, easy to use, 
        Strong, Well Built body
        Attractive, easy to use, great value
        No internal memory (uses cards), lightweight, compact, easy to use
        Swell buy for the price, 
        Inexpensive, versatile, fun, sturdy, and cool.
        Ease of use, TV connection cable, Decent software, interchangeable compact flash cards in many sizes
        Price, Quality, Storage capacity
        Price, Ease of Use, Great Software package, factory support
        Great Pictures for the Cost.
        Easy to use - fun at first
        inexpensive,easy to use
        cheaper than buying film
        Easy to use
        Good value for the money, Simple to learn/use
        Quick and easy to use.
        Takes great pictures in four resolutions
        Decent resolution
        Fantastic value, great images, solid camera, GREAT company, EXCELLENT customer service (read my 5/20/2000 update)
        sturdy, great price, easy to use
        Good quality inexpensive initially
        cost
        Easy to use, good quality, great price
        Easy, fast image transfer to PC or printer
        Changing resolution
        reasonable price This features you would expect from a very expensive camera
        Easy to use, great outdoor pics.
        simple to use
        Good price
        handy, high quality pictures
        Best camera we  have had
        Great software, easy to use camera
        User friendly, priced right
        Easy to use, compact
        Easy to use, picture galleries, self-adjusting flash
        Cute, cheap, anybody could use it
        Cheap, cute, sturdy, reliable
        good for beginners, funky blue design, cheap
        Good price for resolution and ease of use
        Low cost, easy to use, pretty good pictures, fine for ebay
        inexpensive
        Price
        Price, Style--it's Blue :)
        Blue design FUN! Takes good pictures for me, LCD and Optical view finder, easy to use
        Very easy camera to use
        Easy to use. Great range of settings for the flash, the resolution and the focal length. The camera itself looks pretty darn cool too.
        Customer support, value for dollar
        Price
        Price, Ease of Use, LCD Monitor
        High Quality Photos, Dependable, Easy to Use
        friendly
        cheap, easy to use
        Price, Great pictures, Smart Media slot
        cost, easy to use
        compact, stylish, good quality pictures
        Ease of use, clear &amp;amp; crisp pictures, LCD
        You get so much for what you pay
        Great camera, great price!
        Good images, uploadable, easy to use, LCD, everything
        easy to use, affordable, several nice features
        Wonderful Software Included; Easy-to-Use; Great Picture Quality; Lots of Features; Low Cost
        Gallery, Viewing Lense, High Capacity for storing pictures, Nice Design, High Resolution/Good Quality photos.
        Relatively low-cost, decent picture quality and simple to use
        cool looking. decent pics. like the flash and size options.
        Easy to use; relatively inexpensive; quality pretty good; wonderful customer service
        very inexpensive,  good quality pictures
        GREAT DIGITAL 1ST CAMERA
        Very simple to use, software is pretty self explanatory.
        compact and reasonable pictures
        zero
        It's light and low tech.
        The company honored my warranty.
        Inexpensive, Easy to operate
        NOT ONE
        cost
        inexpensive, webcam conversion included, easy to use
        Photos look good on TV
        Price. EVERYTHING is included. 
        A camera to carry with you at all times.
        Good for inexpensive snapshots
        - small, low power consumption, decent outdoor pictures, fast USB connection
        Small, light, simple, pockatable
        Cheap.  Complete.  USB interface.
        quality good for price
        Tiny camera with lots of big features.
        It is made for video conferencing and still photography with quality  pictures.
        Great inexpensive digital camera
        Inexpensive, Supposed "Dual" capabilities, ability to display pics on TV with included cable, extras included.
        Good value, good photos, simple to use
        Nice picture as a web camera when the lighting is good.
        affordable, high quality pictures, holds a lot of pictures, USB port, pocket-sized, so it's easy to carry around.
        Pricing, Image Quality, Dimensions, USB-port, CF-slot, Flash, WebCam
        Small, inexpensive, easy
        Easy to handle, good quality with enough light, webcam too.
        Good pics,price and easy to use.
        Lightweight, small, great webcam
        Image Quality, CF Card Slot, Flash, USB
        Can you find anything better for this price?
        Price, ease of use, size.
        CompactFlash, USB, has flash, great outdoor image quality, good for web or beginner
        Flash, Digital, USB, high or low quality, WEB CAM,  
        Price/Quality, agfanet prints, size, software bundle, versatility
        Inexpensive, good pictures in good lighting conditions
        LCD screen, Clik! drive, navigation nob, easy software
        Easy to use, 1 Megapixel
        good pic quality &amp;amp; price
        lightweight, easy to use
        Simplicity, cord bundle, Photo Quality
        Easy to use, great picture quality
        inexpensive Clik! media, 1.5 MP resolution, 2x digital zoom
        good image quality, affordable
        Not many.
        Good $ 
        ease of use, compact size
        Pretty, lightweight, cheap
        takes good images
        Value
        photos transfer from camera to software quickly, easy to get started with
        Good price, good quality photos.
        Cheap, easy, good for the amateur photographer
        Ease of use, great quality pictures, cost
        can be used as a drive, USB compatible, great picture quality, cheaper media.
        quality
        Excellent Quality, Cheap, easy to use
        Connectivity options: PCMIA,USB,serial
        Good feature control, nice macro feature, good image quality
        USB, megapixel, mass storage, LCD preview
        Inexpensive Media, Optical View Finder, Switchable LCD, LCD Cover
        Price, Photo quality, weight
        Photowise 1.7; Switchable LCD; LCD cover; optical viewfinder
        Easy to use software and camera, came with everything needed to get started right away. 
        Easy to use, cheap
        Excellent image quality and expanded storage space
        nice pictures
        accessories
        none
        You can take ALL high-resolution pictures without worrying about space!
        clear pictures, lots of memory space (40MB each clik! disk)
        Cute little blue camera
        pretty packaging
        It was free!
        Ease of use, price
        small, cheap, built in flash
        Cheap, functional
        small, lightweight, can preview images on television
        cheap, cute, easy to use
        price, flash, easy to use
        cheap, E-Z to use
        I sold it again on Ebay.
        none
        Priced right for a beginner.
        tv-out, webcam capable
        Inexpensive, Smaller-Than-Pocket-Size
        Cheap, tiny.
        user-friendly
        resolution and price
        small size
        it has a flash
        Inexpensive, sleek looking
        dont like it 
        none
        light weight; has functions; takes pictures
        Price
        Great price
        It is a pretty color and it is very compact
        takes pics
        Its cheap
        easy, compact, self timer
        NON
        small, light, shiny, blue, cheap
        Looks pretty, has extra functions
        at least it wasn't take expensive
        Cheap, easy to use. Good for web pictures.
        It was free
        Cheap, small.
        Low cost, light weight, functional
        cheap, light, small
        size, ease of use
        None, period.
        none
        I'm still looking for one
        cute, easy to use
        Inexpensive, has many features more expensive cameras don't, intuitive interface
        Specs sound good (better than reality)
        Makes a good paperweight
        NONE
        Cheap
        inexpensive, compact, and looks cool
        cute design &amp;amp; obvious controls
        Cheap, cute.
        priced for value
        SMALL EASY TO CARRY
        none
        Low price
        nice price, easy interface, many features
        Lightweight, simple to use
        low price
        none
        None
        light weight, good construction
        Cheap
        pretty cheap, small, well labeled
        Absolutely nothing
        Small size, attractive design
        It was cheap
        Inexpensive and easy to use
        Camera is cheap and functional with a couple of options.
        Nada
        Good for scaring small children and a good gag gift.
        None
        Compact, cheap, color, miraculously the software isn't buggy
        Ease to use ...
        small, light, good resolution, well priced
        very small uncomplicated and very nice portable tool for graphics students
        Superb Quality Pictures, LOW LOW PRICE, TRUE 1.3megapixel,  super portable
        Small and very light.
        1.3MP digital camera, webcam, extremely small size, simple to use.
        Lightweight&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good value&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ultra fun
        Surprisingly good pictures and video from this inexpensive tiny camera.
        Great quality photos.
        Great for email, short videos &amp; conference calling
        "Spy camera" size. Can go anywhere., , Good quality images.
        Tiny, decent photos, easy to use.
        Tiny Size, Inexpensive, Picture and Video Capture, Over 1 mp, Easy to use Software
        easy-to-use, inexpensive, compact, marginal image quality
        Excellent image quality, perfectly portable.
        digital camcorder ability, inexpensive, fun
        Fits in your pocket, low cost, color photos, works independent of computer, adequate software included.
        Highly portable, runs on 2 AAA batteries, good for kitschy snapshots or mini-movies.
        As small as a large magic marker, good, simple e-camera to carry all the time.
        Small, Easy to Use, Cheap, Fun to Use, Bundled Software, Three Functions
        Fun and Easy to use. Variety of modes.
        small, convinent , easy to use , high quality live imagez &amp; picturez
        Easy to use, good interface&amp;#13;&amp;#10;great "gadget" appeal&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        very small, cool toy
        Great software and easy to use.
        small and easy to use, Price
        Compact size, easy to use, price, great software bundle.  Feels like you're James Bond.
        The 'continuous shoot' mode; compact size; instant snapshots.
        Compact,easy to use,cheap
        its small
        great camera highly recommend to all. easy  to use,awesome pictures
        It's small and it's cheap
        Cheap price for what it can do.
        small, can be used as still, movie or web camera, low price
        Lightweight, easy to use, inexpensive, great for beginners.
        Photo output quality, fast printing speeds, Good Reliability
        Great photo print quality, Reliable, Compact, Easy to use and set up
        Fast printer, very good quality
        Beautiful output even at low resolution, fast, easy setup
        great quality and speed, good consumable value
        Speedy, excellent quality
        Fast, no paper jams, prints clearly 
        Fast PPM, Easy Set-up, Output is dry, great manual
        Hello Hewlett Packard
        Great quality and speed
        Fast, sharp, reliable.
        Fast, excellent print quality.
        clear, sharp text and deep, rich color
        Great Quality Prints, Super Fast
        good color and very fast
        Outstanding Quality
        Print is life like
        Good speed, good quality printer
        Superior Quality,Razor-like sharpness, SPEED BABY !!!!!
        Nice photos
        photo quality printing on photo paper
        Overall good printer
        Fast, very high resolution
        Unbeatable output
        fast
        Too many to list
        high ink volume, extremely fast
        great photo quality, fast, crisp b&amp;amp;w
        Excellent print quality, fast, reliable, economy mode, Mac Serial, PC Parallel, and USB interfaces.
        Very fast, and verasitile... Photo quality results
        Fast, good color, small margins.
        Fast, Easy, USB, Great Quality
        Fast; photo quality; customizable software settings
        Fast print speed.  High resolution.  Excellent warm tone rendition - low dither.
        Beautiful pictures, economical, a company that I trust
        Fast, prints text great, works well with digital photos
        fast, compact, east to load/unload ink
        Fast, high quality, and a good small business printer
        Terrific photo prints, faster than my HP 1000c and a lot less money.
        great quality print and speed for it's size
        Easy to hook up
        Easy install, great quality, HP durability
        Ethernet capable, fast, high resolution output
        VERY little maintenance
        Good quality, fast and quet
        Quick high quality output
        ease of use, fast B/W prints, small driver footprint
        Cost and Software Included
        Good for the electronically challenged, Low Cost, Great Software, 
        Good for the electronically challenged, Low Cost, Great Software, 
        A Cheap, easy to use camera.
        A Cheap, easy to use camera.
        There isn't any.
        The software package has some good editing capabilities.
        Cheap, nice software package.
        Good starter camera for an older child, very inexpensive
        Cheap, Great for child or e-bay pictures, etc. Software comes with it.
        Worked one time
        Easy to use, affordable and does just what I wanted it to do!
        Inexpensive, good for kids
        Easy to use. Not very expensive.
        Cheap, easy to use, fun, makes videos
        cheap
        affordable, 
        It was on sale for $20.
        It's cheap and simple to use
        cheap, very portable, if it breaks who cares.
        A Cheap, easy to use camera.
        Cheap
        Holds about 80 pics in internal memory on lowest setting.
        Inexpensive
        very inexpensive
        Cheap.. umm.. is it a digital camera
        Excellent bottom end camera,easy to operate,good pics too.
        Low Price, 1.3Mp image, ease of use, 
        Price w/rebates an offer you can't refuse
        Inexpensive
        Reasonable priced, easy to use, kid friendly
        Strong flash, direct TV connection, Free photo editing software, above average pic quality
        easy install and cheeeeeep
        Cheap Price
        easily turns, my baby fits comfertably!
        Handles beautifully, lightweight
        Lightweight, durable, fun
        If you want a stroller for an active lifestyle this is the one and only
        great item
        Lightweight, comfortable to run behind, sturdy, easy to clean
        Ease of use over a variety of surfaces.
        Very easy to walk with. My Daughter loves it
        High Quality, Smooth Ride, Washable, Comfortable
        durable and easy to maneuver
        Super smooth, easy to assemble, comfortable for baby
        Smoooooth ride.  Great restraint system.  
        Great design, and wheels, comfortable, easy to push
        This stroller is washable, and easy to use.
        Excellent to handle.  Comfortable ride.  The canopy is perfect for those really sunny days.
        Excellent for jogging with infants/toddlers. Well-made, excellent on rough terrain
        tripod wheels, easy to push on all terrains.
        Great design, safe, durable, and comfortable
        the best stroller for jogging and running, period.
        It is easy to use and works on all types of surfaces.
        Rolls easily over virtually all terrain, looks nice!
        Solidly built, smooth ride, folds nicely
        durability
        Very Comfortable to use
        It works...
        great stroller
        16" wheels = smooth ride, easy to push even for a small person
        Ideal for jogging and getting over rough terrain
        smooth ride
        You can run with a baby!
        Sturdy, Durable, Easy to use
        Everything
        Rides smoothly over dirt, grass, small rocks, etc.
        Smooth running style
        Great Concept, Simple Use, Good Storage, Comfy Fit
        Awesome for taking toddler with you to exercise!
        Get it if you have more kids
        Really great stroller
        VERY easy to manuever because of the large tires.
        Does not pull to the side, runs straight as an arrow, super lightweight
        light, smooth ride
        Steady, smooth riding,  good running stride space
        strolls beautifully, lots of different choices
        Runs smoothly, rugged.
        Extremely easy to break down
        It is so lightweight and easy to use.
        3 wheels are better than 4
        large tires, durability, comfort
        Easy to push.  Gets you outside.
        Lightweight, easy to put together, literally glides
        Ease of use, Strudy, Convient
        Maneuverability, Lightweight
        Lightweight, easy to maneuver, easy to put together.
        Stability, comfort
        Too Many to List
        Solid, simple, very good roller
        Durable, lightweight, easy-to-setup
        extremely easy to push over all surfaces, folds easily 
        Light, easy to steer
        Lightweight and easy to push, great company, great warranty
        easy to assemble and use, attractive, all-terrain 
        great for those adventures.
        comfortable and light weight
        easy to steer, goes over any surface, has a hand brake and a &amp;quot;leash&amp;quot; 
        works well the first few months
        great fun, accessible, tailored for mom's getting in shape
        lightweight, comfortable for child
        Very useful.
        three wheels
        Very lightweight, easy to use, great safety straps, built to last.
        Very lightweight, sturdy, lifetime warranty, safe, American-made
        ease of use
        Extremely easy to push, well built
        Folds up easily, runs smoothly, lets my son look around at the scenery.
        5 Point Harness. Easy folding. Great for small children all the way up to pre-teens!
        Light weight.
        Great for walking/jogging on all terrains; lightweight; children's weight differences do not throw the stroller off.
        Very high quality, versatile and useful.
        Perfect for on-the-go
        Lightweight, Good Quality, Easy to Maneuver
        See Review for product comparisons
        sturdy, stable, easy to collapse, lightweight, 
        The SUV of strollers.  It will go through anything. 
        Lightweight for running,durable and great on trails.
        Absolutely wonderful for accommodating twins and their car seats with special attachment bar!
        Maneuvers well, very good turning ration AND looks great
        easy to steer, roomy seats
        You can put a baby seat on the back seat, It is easy to push, it is very light weight
        Really durable, takes abuse very well, remains comfy.Outstanding maneuverability
        easy to push and turn, plenty of room for 2 children 
        large seats and basket, lightweight
        durability, lightweight
        Terrific design, carries infant car seat
        Easy to push and turns great.
        can use as a travel system, easy to steer
        cost effective, durable, reliable, wide wheel base, large seats, light weight.
        Easy to manuever
        design
        Can hold TWO infant car seats!
        Light, plush, durable
        Comfy and functional
        ok storage, like the baby carseat snap-in feature
        Works with a variety of cars eats, converts for older children
        Very smooth ride
        Can use with a variety of infant carseat/carriers
        light, folds easily, nice materials, plushy seats, drives well
        Very comfy for a toddler/infant combo.
        Clever idea, smaller than many tandem strollers
        Really handy, great for our family
        Versatile, easy to maneuver, and easy to open and close.
        great for the one not on the go and the one that is.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Great idea for 2 small children; can be used with infant carrier
        Great for baby and toddler
        &amp;quot;big kid&amp;quot; and newborn can ride together
        not bulky like double strollers, not constricting for older kids
        Offers convenience if you have older children
        The stand up feature
        looks, speed, fold up hoody-thing
        accommodates 2 children, easy to fold and unfold
        meets a unique need of families
        Durable
        The standing/sitting feature in the back, low price
        Good for taking walks
        Great for that child that thinks she is too big for a stroller
        2 For 1
        Great idea!
        Great concept
        maneuverability, versatility
        sturdy durable easy assemble
        Size, easy folding, price
        Affordable, Easy to push, Nice and smooth ride
        great idea, easy to fold
        great for preschoolers
        allows another small child to ride (without car seat attached)
        good stroller for indoors, 2 lightweight children, no lifting of one child in and out
        size, ability for older child to stand
        Everything
        compact size
        take up less space than a regular double stroller
        Small, Compact, Sits 2 children, Entertainment of older child
        place for infant seat, reclining seat, seatbelts in every position
        lightweight 
        Toddler security yet freedom!
        Easily accessible rear seating for preschooler
        Convenience
        smaller than other double strollers.
        Not many....
        Good idea
        infant car seat attaches easily
        None
        Fun, Practical, Easy Drive
        easy to use
        Perfect for an infant and older toddler
        Being able to &amp;quot;contain&amp;quot; an active preschooler
        allows a child too big to sit in a stroller a chance to have a ride. 
        Unique features, holds multiple children if necessary
        Older child can sit or stand
        high resale value
        great for hauling the toddler and the baby
        Very durable and easy to manuever
        narrow, easy to get through doors and aisles
        Ease of use, no assembly required, price
        lightweight, sturdy, easy to push, options for older child
        fits two with freedom for the older one!
        Pushes easy,lets your child have a choice,use from birth until 5years old.
        Can fit 2 children
        ADF, fast printing, excellent print quality
        Great Price and Performance.  Real fast good quality copier for the money.
        Fast Printing, Great Printer, Good Quality, Work in Windows XP,Toner lasts a long time.
        A fast digital copier and laser printer
        None!
        Fast Digital Copies, Cheap Cartridge, Very Reliable
        Can't beat it for the money.
        Ease of use, Price of toner, Quality of copies
        Small size, inexpensive, ease of use
        Good price, prints fast
        2 sec warm up time. No paper jams. long lasting toner. crisp edges.
        speed, price
        inexpensive, easy to use, reliable
        Excellent Value.....Inexpensive not Cheap
        Fast, reliable, not too expensive
        Great Value, 12ppm, Decent Quality
        Fast, reliable, cheap, good quality output.
        Fast, excellent quality and affordable.
        Good technical support (they need it); nice copies; price
        Cheap, great performance, user-friendly.
        Good speed, nice output, can't beat the price
        Low Cost, Attractive Design, Easy of Setup, Easy of use
        Fast, easy, solid. Very inexpensive toner.
        Price, Set-up, Quality
        Price, Speed, Cost of Maintenance, Performance
        Low price and operating cost, very good text, fast
        100 pages a day with no problem, CHEAP, FAST, INCREDIBLE deal!
        Fast speed, low per page cost.
        Economical, great print quality, fast, user-friendly, mac compliant, great support, USB, great paper handling, great output, quiet, automatic sleep mode
        Remarkably inexpensive and incredibly fast.
        quick, compact, manual feed slot, price
        USB, ease of use, speed, support
        cheap, fast and excellent printer
        12 ppm, 600x 600 resolution, AFFORDABLE!
        fast printing, high quality output, very easy to set up
        Super printer
        Cost, comes out great
        Fast; affordable; top-quality text output
        Inexpensive, multiplatform, quality output of type
        Fast and affordable; with a proper paper tray
        Fast,clear printing
        Well priced, easy to setup and use,reliable, fast, good quality
        Nearly Jam-Free, nearly problem-free, fast, ultra-reliable, great print quality
        Cheap, works well for a single user
        Low maintenance, takes a beating, great for a home office
        A great deal; upgradrable and reasonably priced.
        Fast warmup, fast printing, both USB &amp; Parallel ports, expandable RAM.
        Print speed, quality, upgradability, price, reliability, quite small, easy to print on envelopes/small paper
        Fast, high quality, good toner life, great tech support, Windows/Mac compatible
        Easy to setup.  High peformance.  Excellent cost.  Beats competitors.
        Speed, price
        Fast, quiet, inexpensive.
        Fast, good quality, and affordable.
        Affordable. Fast. Great Tech Support.
        Excellent quality, extremely fast speeds
        Low cost, good print quality, works with D-Link DI-713P Router/Print Server
        Small footprint, easy setup, decent speed and print quality.
        Low price, easy setup, works well with Mac OS 10.2
        Great quality, low price, easy setup
        Low price, small footprint, simple.
        Price, Speed, Quality of Printout
        Crisp laser; relative ease of use; low cost.
        Cheap operating costs, excellent standby mode, good print quality. 
        Holds a lot of paper, prints fast, high quality material; rarely jams.
        Fast,quality prints b&amp;w prints at a good price.
        Ultra-fast, sharp output, power-saving mode, easy duplexing, single-sheet feed
        Reasonable price, it does well what it was designed to do
        Moderate speed, good print quality, hibernation feature
        clear printing, paper doesn't jam, reasonably priced toner &amp; drum, easy to use
        User Friendly, compact, economical laser for small home office
        Quick, good print quality, reliable paper-handling and inexpensive
        Excellent black and white printouts. NO smudge. Sharp graphics. Long lasting toner.
        HL 1440 has fast print speed 15p, great quality text,small footfrint.
        A no-nonsense, easy to use, inexpensive laser printer.
        Fast, easy to network, clear printing, good price
        Fast, No Banding 
        Fast printing, good drivers, very reasonable price.
        large paper tray, fast and crisp output
        energy saver hibernation; price
        Price, print quality
        Inexpensive solution
        Stylish, small foot print, priced right
        Very fast, quiet, extremely easy to set up and use. Toner is cheaper than HP.
        Very Low Price, yet has needed features
        fast, inexpensive
        Quite dependable, decent printing, good color.  A good all-around machine for home or office.
        Inexpensive; multi-function.
        Good quality printing, fast, and efficient
        Does everything well.  Works, has clear documentation.
        Best for the money
        NONE
        Great quality photos fax scanner printer small light weight
        all in one, pcfax is great.
        ADF(automatic document feeder)Text
        Photo Quality. Ink lasts a long time. Easy to use.
        Inexpensive, easy to use.  Fast
        Its a color printer, scanner, fax &amp; copier  all for the price of one!
        Printer, Fax, Scanner, all-in-one!
        easy to install, fast printing
        IF YOU DON'T HAVE A LOT OF ROOM THIS IS THE PRODUCT FOR YOU
        Multiple functions that takes up less desktop space.
        Easy to set up and use.  Great versatility for small price.
        great product
        Low cost, easy to use
        Excellent print quality; easily set up.
        reliable, prints well, switches between fax and printer mode with no problems
        Price, Resolution Output
        All functions work
        Fast to operate,great printing,easy to install to computer,wonderful for faxing
        easy to set up and use
        Get for Companies
        Buttons are well placed on display. Functions easy to sort through.
        Lots of functions
        does everything. 30 page feeder is very useful for home copies
        Works well with Windows XP
        Many features for one low price, quiet operation.
        Compact, Flatbed scanner, Flatbed copier, Large inkjet cartridges
        ease of use; fast copying and faxing; low ink usage
        Not many.It to be good scanner
        Very good initial print quality.Quick performance both send and receive fax.
        Multifunctionality, but muted by problems
        Cheap
        Easy and convenient to use
        All-in-one
        Speed, accuracy, simplicity
        Very Good all around unit, before the print head goes out
        prints, scans
        Does everything quite well.
        reliable, fast, good switching between phone/fax functions
        Still a good idea!
        Good Print Quality
        6 in one unit, doesn't take up much space.
        four separate cartridges, price, Photo Capture Center, 250 paper capacity, flat bed color scanner
        all-in-one
        ALL in one machine
        Multifunction
        None - Piece of garbage. AND IT KEEPS GETTING WORSE!
        All-In-One, four separate printer cartridges, affordable price, 250 paper capacity
        All in one, when it works
        Aftermarket ink available at great prices...Great range of print quality
        Good black print quality; easy setup, easy fax send/receive.
        Initially was great multifunction for our small business.  It replaced a Hp3000
        allows photo printout from the MFC
        Great all in one laser multifunction machine; Brother a good name.
        The most capability for the cost; lowest cost per page, automatic sheet feeder, built-in scanner, ability to use just a parallel port.
        Moderately fast printing, multifunctionality
        Good features and design
        Great functionality
        see Key Features
        Just a great MFC in every way, per page costs very low
        Excellent Laser Printer and Fax, Good Copier, Excellent Customer Service
        laser fax is cheaper, fair quality, flatbed fax
        simple setup, fast, well designed
        Affordable, easy setup, no maintenance.
        Easy to Use, Quick
        Cheap, extremely easy to operate and install
        It was cheap
        Cheap, good print quality and usually efficient. Not to mention small.
        Compact and cheap, no paper jams, easy to use, prints on envelopes well, sturdy case
        printer is cheap, and good for text, easy to use
        Low Cost
        Cheap, and simple
        compact
        inexpensive
        every aspect about it
        Small, lightweight .... Low Cost
        Compact, easy to use, and Inexpensive
        Inexpensive Printer 
        Good Quality Printing, Great Price
        value, quality, easy installation
        inexpensive, good quality for the price you pay.
        Extremely easy set up process
        compact and space saving
        Inexpensive, Easy to use
        Compact and inexpensive
        none
        Easy to transport, easy to use. Nice color.
        Price and a name you can trust
        small, compact, light-weight, easy to install
        cheap, easy to set up, easy to use, acceptable quality
        Low cost, Good output.
        Inexpensive, easy to install and use
        good color
        Easy to install. Easy to use&amp;gt;
        good quality printing
        quiet, quality, efficient
        FREE!!
        unbeatable price, easy setup, reliable
        slow
        Quality
        hmmmm.... hold on, I'm thinking
        Durable, Easy To Use
        Inexpensive printer
        Great Quailty with everything 
        Inexpensive, reliable, decent job for the money.
        Fast setup great print quality
        Price
        It does put out printed materials
        The realibilty, the cost, 
        came with free software
        Good printing quality
        Ease of use, price
        Inexpensive, perfect for text printing
        Good price, Above average print quality.
        Very cheap!
        great for kids and small printer jobs
        Good Quality for Price
        price of printer
        size
        Cheap, Reliable, Accurate, Excellent print quality
        nonbad photoprint, low noise level
        decent print quality came with my pc for free easy to use
        good quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;small, takes up little space,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;inexpensive&amp;#13;&amp;#10;easy hook up/instructions&amp;#13;&amp;#10;sleek look
        Absolutely None
        Cheap printer for simple personal use. 
        For its price it prints okay
        Very User Friendly&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Compact design&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quite affordable 2nd hand
        Easy to use
        It's cheap, does the job for me
        Small/compact, fast accurate prints, owners manual reader friendly
        small
        Size and easy of use
        Low cost, ink doesn't run when wet
        Very cheap, good B/W printing, optional scanner cartridge
        cheap
        Low cost
        very straightforward, reliable, great customer support,light,easy to move and transport, easy to set up, versatile
        prints quietly and fast
        Good printer, great prices.
        fast printing, good print quality, good price, 
        Versatility - fax, copy, scan with available scanner cartridge.
        None, except maybe it's inexpensive.
        Decent printing quality
        Very inexpensive printer and ink 
        Great performance...Crisp printing...Prints 5 ppm
        Fast printing, good quality printing
        good budget printer to meet basic printing needs
        price, print quality, ease of use
        Inexpensive, good print quality 70% of the time, small and lightweight
        cartridges won't put a whole in your wallet, it is small, dual cartrage system
        Good quality printer
        low unit price
        The IS-22 Scanner Attachment is great
        Inexpensive, easily replaceable cartridges, inexpensive to replace cartridges
        price effective,very inexpensive
        Software included, print quality, scanner 
        Good print quality
        cheap
        Low price, easy to set up and use.
        good printer, IS-22 compatable
        Low price, Decent output
        inexpensive
        FAST PRINTING - GREAT PRICE
        Inexpensive price and ink tanks
        DOES PRODUCE AND DUPLICATE
        Low maintenance, low price, reliable
        High-quality, neat-looking documents
        cheap
        Easy to use
        PERFECT
        Price, output quality
        Cheap, small size, design
        Incredible Color, Small size, Easy cartridge loading, good price
        Light and small
        the sound
        Cheap, easy to use, fair quality.
        The scanner feature works well, it's cheap, it prints papers OK
        Low Cost, Compact Design
        Very small and good print quality
        Cheap (if you can't afford anything else)
        It's cheap
        Affordability, easy to install and use, no problems so far
        Color, speed, cost and desktop space.
        Cheap, Inexpensive ink
        replaceable printer heads, inexpensive ink alternatives, low starting cost
        great print quality
        Dual cartridge printer, can use a photo cartridge.
        Compact and nice quality for the price
        Price.  Rebate = $30
        Cheap good printer
        Cost effective, good quality
        Fast printing and quiet
        Good Print quality
        scanning cartridge, color ink lasts a long time
        Economical, Does the Job
        Small deskspace....great price
        compact, great printing,scanner conversion
        inexpensive, reliable, easy to find and inexpensive cartridges, ink dries fast
        Fast printing speed, good quality, durable
        Inexpensive
        it is lightweight, small and fair good print quality
        A good value
        Good price, fair print quality, compact
        Great for Kids Schoolwork
        fast, cheap, small
        It's small and cheap
        supposedly a very good printer
        great versatility 
        Reliable, compact, inexpensive
        none
        it works, it's cheap, it's small, ink is cheap
        Easy to use, reliable
        Good quality for the price
        Easy to use and install, good quality.
        Utter reliability. Virtually &lt;i&gt;never&lt;/i&gt; jams, even when fed scraps. Availability of unbelievably cheap ink cartridges!
        Affordable
        Not too many.
        good picture quality, low price
        It came free with our computer
        Cheap, Small, Easy to Use
        Small, prints clear, beautiful colors.
        Ink last quite long
        For its price it prints okay
        Cheap Price, Cheap Black Ink Refills
        Cheap, Easy to use
        lightweight, does not take up a lot of room, inexpensive
        Still looking for some.
        5 pages per minute in black&amp;#13;&amp;#10;and 2 in color
        Good quality printing, inexpensive, small size, very affordable ink.
        great resolution, cheaper inks, cheap price
        Inexpensive, ink is cheap, good quality
        Inexpensive to buy and use, good quality printing for home.
        compact, inexpensive ink, turns into a scanner
        Very inexpensive - easy to use
        Hard to beat for the money.
        Ease of use, installation, size, price.
        Cheap, Quiet, Small
        Quiet, cheap, small, easy to find ink.
        low price, text print quality
        Cheap
        easy to use, great quality
        price
        Small and easy to use
        cheap
        For its price it prints okay
        reliable and very easy to use
        easy use, quiet
        Great for everyday paper use, affordable
        excellant printing, light weight, very durable!
        Inexpensive, durable, easy setup
        easy to use
        price
        Crisp and Clear Graphics and Text; Inexpensive
        Great Price, Can double of Scanner,good resolution, good software package
        Very inexpensive
        Cheap, good for essays/reports
        Above average printer; great price!
        Inexpensive, small
        Very cheap, small footprint
        It Works!
        Cost-low
        Inexpensive
        reliable
        Cheap
        small, light, compact, good print quality
        Inexpensive, easy to use, many options, supports wide variety of paper sizes
        Quick, Easy to install and use
        Great good quality printing, doesn't take up much space, hardly costs anything.
        Price
        Inexpensive, no paper jams, true color performance, prints evenly and quickly
        inexpensive, small and tidy, quiet
        Its small and reliable, it will fit on any desktop. 
        Clear crisp printing. Very affordable.
        Easy to use, good paper feed.
        Good Price
        great for basic text use, inexpensive, durable
        Low cost, okay print quality, small.
        Cheap!, fast, easy to find ink cartridges
        The ink is seperate, making it cheaper to replace just black ink. Versatile.
        Has a nice shape and fits almost anywhere
        Cheap, good overall quality for the money, small footprint, attractive, usb option built-in
        Smaller, and takes up less space than competing models.
        Very inexpensive, turns itself on/off, small, quiet, ink system, free USB cable, name brand.
        CHEAP
        Small footprint, auto on/off
        Low price. Decent quality prints. Good software bundle. Dependable.
        Compact, inexpensive, reliable, easy to find ink tanks
        cheap/does the job/small in size
        Cheap Ink, Inexpensive, Cartridge easy to replace
        Compact, Relatively Inexpensive Cartridges, Fairly Fast, User Friendly Drivers and Software
        Relatively easy to get working, USB connection handy.
        Inexpensive, easy to use.
        Small Footprint, Speed, Quality of Print.
        small, light, OK for occasional printouts
        cheap, long-lasting
        Printer has been very reliable setup easy,configures on printer cable with in Umax scanner
        good price
        Durable, good price
        great price
        easy to learn to use
        does print
        Easy To Find Replacement Ink, Easy To Use
        Good for the kids
        great price, good printing quality
        Price, Print Quality
        Price, good for simple things, quality is decent.
        quite reliable
        Nice picture
        For its price it prints okay
        small, light, easy to use, good as a backup or second printer
        good quality printing, nice color, price, rebate offer
        compact, affordable
        Inexpensive, good quality print, ease of use
        size and cost
        Cheap and Simple
        Price
        small footprint, saves space, relatively inexpensive.
        Price, size, weight, software, refillable color cartridges
        Cheap (came with computer &amp;quot;package&amp;quot;)
        sleek model easy fit in tight area
        Works good for basic things
        adequate print quality
        It prints great detail in my pictures
        price
        Nice printing quality, affordable
        inexpensive, but works well
        Cheap Reliable
        great when printing in black ink;  great deals on cartridges if you look around
        none
        Good text printing &amp;amp; no jams
        Decent print quality, low price
        Compact, Color, Quality
        Compact and inexpensive
        Great Product 
        Low cost, good quality, reliable
        good price, easy to use
        It looks nice
        inexpensive
        Very Affordable and Compact
        Versatile, good quality color images, inexpensive
        value
        Inexpensive unit, excellent color print quality
        Inexpensive, Good Black and White Print Quality, Ok Color Printing Quality
        Initial purchase price good
        A good product for the price.
        low cost, easy to use
        Free
        Easy to use, cheap, durable, good print quality, fast black and white printing, color compatibility...
        Excellent print quality for a low price
        My Disgust
        Quality printing, great price
        inexpensive, acceptable quality of printing, reliable machine
        Light and Compact
        Never a problem, small size
        Small, Cheap, Decent Warranty, CHEAP...
        Compact, lightweight and easy to use.
        Compact size, upright style.  Easy replacement of carts.  Works w/different paper types.
        Dirt Cheap, simple drivers, compact unit
        easy to use and install, cheap price
        Good quality printing, easy to use
        Never Jams, Quick Setup, Great Bundle
        Automatic poweron/poweroff, that's about it
        small and compact
        Good quality text and images, reasonably quick for an inkjet
        seperate ink cartridges
        Great for home use, good color, dependable as any out there, individual ink colors.
        Good printing quality. Low cost.
        Ability to purchase separate printer cartridges.
        Easy to use, Ink Provided, A strong home printer
        cheap ink, good speed and resolution
        Quick printing at good quality
        Print quality, low-ink warning, easy set-up, great price
        Good Quality Printing
        great quality printing
        Extensive printing options, high print quality, drop-modulation technology, separate ink tanks, bi-directional printing, scanner function, copes with various paper types/sizes and is cheap.
        paper handling , price
        Great printer, good functions, easy to use, very fast
        Superb photo quality pictures, seperate ink tanks for economical ink replacing.
        Excellent print quality in black and white as well as color
        Uses ink tank system, prints nice looking products&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Low Price, good Quality
        Individual Color Tanks, Size, Printer Price
        Windows 2000 Compatibility; Easy Setup/Use; Price
        individual ink tanks, great print quality, decent speed
        Great price; great price!
        Fairly quiet, easy to refill cartridges, good output on expensive coated paper. Fair grayscale handling.
        sleek look color printer
        Cheap, sturdy, good print quality,
        Ind. color tanks, low cost, fast printing..
        great quality, amazing detail
        Prints fast and cheap on ink
        Great ink setup. Excellent color and speed.
        Inexpensive ink, refill cartridges readily available.               
        Separate ink tanks, USB, fast, quiet, $20USD factory rebate
        Cheap Cartridges
        Fairly inexpensive; separate ink cartridges
        fast, good quality, light, infraRed
        Very light, portable, simple to operate
        LIGHTWEIGHT
        Lite and easy to carry. Handy to have along
        extended battery, excellent compatibility, quality document outcome, wireless portability
        extremely versatile, best print quality on portable printer market, small and lightweight
        very compact and mobile
        Light, small, battery, fast, IR, WinCE drivers...
        fast for portable, very good quality, small, light
        My Canon 600 and 610 were good.
        It only fails when I turn it on.
        Low cost.
        When it works, it works OK.
        Cheaper than others
        Very good color. Rich black text printing
        Good quality, excellent customer support.
        Quality printing
        Easy to install, use, reasonable quality
        Quality of output
        Picture Quality, speed
        You can get it pretty cheap now...
        cheap,
        Cheap price
        makes a good paperweight, looks impressive
        Decent print quality, large format, some interesting software
        low cost, software bundle, nice speed and quality
        Good quality for b/w
        speed, quality
        HP great machine
        DOES IT ALL: PRINTS, COPIES &amp;amp; FAX
        Nice picture
        low maintenance cost
        grate photo on glossy paper.
        Faster printing, able to print large items such as posters
        nothing
        4 in 1 all you need.........
        High Speed, Great Color!!
        wide variety of print types and papers
        Looks nice I guess
        Print quality, durable
        When it works, it's very nice.
        inexpensive
        Cheap, Nice Quality
        It handles 11x17 paper, prints fast in black and white
        Good Price, Good Quality
        Reliability, low cost
        quick black printing
        none
        affordable, easy setup
        Features sounded good in store
        Faster than our old one
        fast printing
        Sometimes it puts out really pretty pictures
        Not many
        Innexpensive, Good B&amp;amp;W Printer
        Nice colored case if you like beige
        Price and quality
        Great price, wide format printing
        Absolutely NONE for me!!!
        Nice user's manual and well done set-up directions
        Low price, large color prints, up to 11 x 17!
        Hmm.  None that come to mind.
        Can handle 11x17 paper; few if any driver/software problems
        Large format, a lot of capability for the money, inexpensive to run.
        Relatively fast printing 
        Can't think of one!
        Initial cost, print quality, print speed.
        cheap
        Quality, speed and price
        Fast printing, 11x17 printing, low unit cost
        Prints High Quality Graphics to 11X17
        quality printing, fast, cheap cartridges
        Fast, Versatile and Economical
        fairly quick print time
        Good for home use. Faster than some others
        great color copies/easy to use/very dependable
        I HONESTLY CAN'T THINK OF ONE!!!
        Good price, good printing quality, cartridges easy to find
        easy to change ink, prints clear, fast (after it's warmed up)
        It was inexpensive and came with a rebate.
        cheap, Adobe PhotoDeluxe included
        two cartridge used at once
        Output is great
        10 PPM black, very versitile, simple interface, very easy to use, rather small, 11x14 paper printing
        Ease of use, print quality, additional software
        versatility
        small, cheap
        Fast, Excellent Quality, and Very Cheap.
        Lightning Fast Speed
        Small, useful, good printing quality, inexpensive
        cheap, good quality, easy to use
        Cheap, easy to set up and use, good results on several paper sizes.
        Fast, inexpensive, good quality
        Cheap, 11x17 printing, cheap ink
        Price, quality, dependability
        None
        overall great printer
        High-quality printing, fast, reliable, cheap, usually rebate, economical to use
        Fair print quality
        11 x 17 print format
        At least there is a rebate in case you already bought it!
        Good quality reproduction without smearing or blotching.
        Nice printing if you have time to wait.
        Cheap initial investment
        inexpensive
        pretty good value
        Fast (in draft mode only)
        It will work.  Not very good but it will work.
        A3, very fast
        hmm...
        Inexpensive.
        Good Output,individual color cartridges.
        High-Quality Print Output
        Great printing and photo quality, easy to use.
        Fast printing speed in black and white.
        Spectacular output, cheap cartridges, quick printing.
        Easy to Use, Excellent Print Quality, Good Drivers
        4 seprate ink tanks
        Fast printing, crisp colors
        B&amp;amp;W Print speed, Low Cost, Paper feeding
        no jams, quality
        Better color, cheaper ink replacement
        fast clear printed photos and cards; individual ink cartridges; very economical to use.
        Individual ink tanks, 
        Very Fast printing, exceptional value.
        Laser quality @ non-laser price!
        nice printing quality
        Good quality print jobs, separate print cartridges for each color, relatively inexpensive
        price, 4 cartridge, cheap ink
        Fast, Cheap, Great colors
        fast, laser-like print quality, small and easy to use
        Inexpensive, separate cartridges for colors, separate photo ink cartridges
        Fast, good quality
        Cost, separate ink cartridges
        Reliable, fast black ink printing
        Came with good 3rd party software; worked beautifully at first.
        Separate ink tanks, fast speed, cheap
        Separate ink cartridges, great color quality, quiet printing, many options, user-friendly
        Decent quality, Separate ink cartridges can save money BUT see Cons
        great text, good price
        individual cartidges and high resolution
        Individual Inks, Speedy, Ink Sensor, Capable of 6 Color Printing
        Individual Ink Cartridges
        Outstanding bang for the buck, cheap, quick and great output.
        Good Quality, 6 ink colors
        Beautiful results!
        Fast Printing, Cheap Replacement Cartridges
        Excellent Quality
        Speed and Color Printing
        individual ink cartridges, supports different paper sizes, replacement ink is cheap
        none
        Speed of printing, excellent resolution, setup a breeze.
        Excellent black text output
        Refilling Saves $$$$$$
        Saves You $$$$$$$
        individual ink tanks, quality and speed
        Price, Speed, 7 Ink Tanks
        4 individual ink tanks, no waste, fast 8+ ppm
        great resolution, fast B&amp;amp;W printing, affordable
        High resolution at 1440x720, photo ink cartridges, high speed (about 8ppm b/w, 2 to 4 ppm color, 1ppm or less with photo quality), low price in comparison to comparable models, separate ink tanks (when red is dry but not blue or yellow, replace the red onl
        none
        Single ink cartridge technology!
        Still thinking here
        Price, Speed, Quality
        Dry out of the printer, awesome pictures
        fast, reliable, inexpensive
        Fantastic photo quality printing, super speed.
        price, quality prints
        Easy installation, easy hookup, great price
        Individual ink tanks, less expensive
        loaded with features, individual ink cartridges, high quality/speed
        Great Quality, Great Price
        speed, $ for ink refills and price
        great quality, allignment, money saving features, photo printing
        Great Quality for the price
        easy to use, great quality of documents
        VERY reasonably priced, great print quality, adjustable paper thickness, separate ink cartridges to reduce waste
        A lot of printer for the money.
        Great for picture printing! Individual ink cartridges!
        good looking photos when they would print
        speed, clarity
        Great Price,Print,Speed
        Cost
        good programs, and makes great pictures, $50 dollar rebate
        ease of setup, use, very good quality
        It is fast and accurate.
        Great quality images easy to learn and use
        None
        inexpensive, indivual ink tanks, fast
        good price
        Read on!
        color quality
        Good quality, fast, quiet, reliable
        Print quality, price
        Great printer; great rebate!
        individual tanks
        easy to use, economical, speedy
        Has many good features
        Nice Text Output, Decent Photo Output on Canon Paper
        Price
        Great text and photo quality on coated and photo paper
        Cheap
        quality and, speed
        quality, speed
        Individual ink tanks
        Excellent quality print, very good accompanying software,  ease of use
        Inexpensive, Color, Good Resolution, Separate Ink Cannisters
        Has nice print-outs when it works
        Easy driver install, tough and dependable.
        Great price,good pics
        Overall a nice, easy to use printer
        Fast, good quality, easy to use
        All around good printer.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Good print quality on the first two prints. That's it!!!
        once warmed up, relatively quick for home use
        Separate color tanks
        Separate ink cart. Quick. Easy install. Prints good photos, great graphics.
        Fast, Accurate, good color, easy to set up
        Nice print output, separate cartridges for each color
        Low original price
        &lt;b&gt;Loves&lt;/b&gt; to print text...I got it cheap...includes good software
        Very clear pictures
        Competitive pricing, excellent print quality
        Outstanding pictures/text
        Ultra Nice Quality, Flexible Print Media, Long Lasting Ink Tanks
        good quality, fairly quiet
        Nice clean print.
        great text prints, decent color, fairly fast
        small and portable
        Size, Performance, Quality of print
        Size, Performance, and Quality of print
        Great portable printer, fast
        Very portable, fast, high resolution text printing, good color printing
        Portability, Built-In Sheet Feeder
        quality printing, good size/shape
        good light weight printer
        good to travel  with
        Compact, Quality, Versatility, Mobile
        Everything
        Small...prints well, has the option to scan and to be used remotely
        Great, portable printer with better than average results
        modules available as money permits, scans, copies, prints color/b&amp;amp;w; battery option
        Small footprint, easy to use, extremely portable, converts to scanner with scanning cartridge
        size, weight
        Top notch quality
        Great output, Quiet
        Great color, Individual ink tanks
        Print quality
        Astounding Color, 7  Ink Tanks
        - excellent photo quality - USB and parallel port - Good skin tones
        6 cartridges, high quality color printing, 
        Great photo output, no dots
        Print Quality, Price, Separate ink cartridges
        Print Quality, Low Noise Level, Cost Of Use
        Excellent photographic quality.
        High quality output, 6 cartridges, good&amp;#13;&amp;#10;software.&amp;#9;
        Good quality prints. 6 separate ink tanks saves ink costs.
        An ideal printer for the traveller and so easy to use
        Very compact, quiet, decent quality for inexpensive price, and easy to use.
        Good clean print. Quality copies. No jams.
        good quality, durable, reasonable priced
        Good resolution, small, portable
        Good print quality, scanner option, irDa built in, built in sheet feeder, 
        It is light weight and compact and prints well.  The scanner option is a cool idea. 
        Small, Light, Portable
        Small, InfaRed compatible
        Very portable, space saving, quality printing, ease of use.
        Magnificent detail of printing, reasonable price, many features
        Affordable
        Cheap, it was very affordable
        Great Price for Canon quality. Powerful management software.
        Separate ink tanks
        fast clear printing, easy to use
        Excellent quality and inexpensive
        Looks, Size, Quality
        Good quality,Inexpensive,Versatile
        Not high priced, good quality, easy to install and use.
        a great printer for home use,four separate color inks
        Cheap per page cost, fast enough, separate cartridges
        Affordable, good quality printer
        Affordable, good quality prints when it works, individual ink tanks.
        Replaceable ink tanks; Ease of use; Excellent value;
        Quality output, separate consumables, many print options
        Wonderful greetingcard, photo printing. My second Canon Printer. 
        Ink cartridges easy to refill saving $$$. works fast. This is a work hog.
        good color rendition even on plain paper, reasonable price
        Not any more
        Simple, clean, auto-power features a plus, individual ink cartridges
        Excellent Service, easy to find supplies, quick printer, dirt cheap
        AFFORDABLE!!! separate color cartridges
        Speed, Color Quality
        speed,ease of use,color clarity
        Separately replaceable colors, fast, quiet, quality output
        Good quick guide. Software not bad.
        Good Quality, Good on Ink, FAST!
        Fast, clear print quality, scanner cartridge!
        Good quality prints, quick, relatively inexpensive&amp;#9;
        Fast, good quality, not too noisy.  Seperate color cartridges.
        Canon BJC printers produce clear, clean prints.  Their rebate policy is reliable.
        Quality prints, Ink life, fast 
        Seperate ink-tanks, economical, quality
        Quick printing, great color prints -  photo quality, economical
        Quick printing, great color prints -  photo quality, economical
        Awesome print quality at a fast speed
        It is a Canon Printer,Which for me has always meant quality
        speed, colors, resolution, compact design.
        Cheap to use, excellent print quality, quiet, fast
        high quality photo prints, separate ink cartridges
        Decent speed and color for the price.
        Fast and Hassle Free Printing
        Great print quality, inexpensive to buy, inexpensive ink.
        Very Inexpensive,  Good quality, Quick Printing
        Ease of use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Three separate color ink vials plus a black.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quite.
        Print quality is excellent, setup was easy
        Separate ink tanks, USB or serial connectivity, good software to go with it.
        individual ink tanks, USB or parallel
        Fast! Great Picture, four ink tanks
        Speed, Quality, Noise Level, Construction
        Everything!  You will not believe the quality!
        Very excellent printing and fast
        Ease of use, replacing ink less expensive
        Extremely fast paper feeding system, individual ink cartridges, PHOTO QUALITY, auto shut off
        Separate inks tanks, quiet operation
        For the money this photo printer is the best I have found, I love it
        Prints beautiful pictures, excellent performance.
        Six paints cartridge, great quality, magnificent details, good software
        fast, awesome picture quality, 6 separate ink cartridges, usb connection
        photo-lab quality
        Superb photo-quality prints, fast, quiet, individual ink tanks, can use any paper
        Great results, inks last long!
        Easy setup, easy use, fantastic photo prints!
        Excellent color quality and photo detail.
        nothing worthy
        Worked good on old Win98 PC
        Top notch printing quality in little time!
        fast, awesome picture quality, 6 separate ink cartridges, usb connection
        Individual ink tanks.  6 color printing.  Excellent photo output.
        Easy to setup and run with XP.  Output initially excellent.
        Nothing else comes close for the money, a real digital SLR
        High quality colors and not too flashy.
        Excellent image quality, sturdy construction, depth of field preview, and so much more!
        Incredible features. Incredible resolution. Incredible flexibility
        Solid design, excellent ergonomics, extremely easy to transition out of film photography.
        The EOS D30 comes loaded with high features found on more expensive cameras.
        great price now that it has dropped below 2000 dollars us
        Everything!
        Excellent build quality, great results
        Solid-build, great imaging, familiar canon interface, 1.6x effective focal length gives great telephoto!
        Fully compatible with Canon lenses and accessories, well-engineered
        Interchangeable lenses.  Compact flash format.  Lots of bells and whistles.
        Awesome low noise / smooth images; great battery life; reasonably fast operation (except startup)
        Price, Image Quality in a class by itself, RAW format out of the box, long battery life (even WITH a Microdrive), dual battery charger out of the box, and more!
        3.1 Megapixel CMOS Sensor, Mirror Lock-up, Long Exposure Noise Reduction, Auto Exposure Bracketing
        Good image quality, good set of features
        Ergonomically familiar to Canon EOS SLR owners.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Camera is capable of absolutely stunning images.
        Affordable, uses standard EOS lenses, nearly unsurpassable image quality, features.
        Fast focus,well built,nice price!
        High resolution, low noise, significantly improved AF, quieter.
        Easy to use. Excellent pictures. Flexibility with EF lenses.
        superb image quality, easy to use, sets new low-price standards
        Great price, excellent performance
        Fit for professional uses
        Excellent Color
        Exceptional Performance!  Ease Of Use!  6-Megapixel Clarity and Canon Reputation...
        Excellent price point, improved focus, VASTLY improved image quality, ISO 3200
        SLR, Ease of use, accurate color, professional features, 3FPS, 36bit color depth, multi-point focus
        Great battery life. Really low noise.
        Excellent picture quality, Easy to use control panel - Lots of custom functions
        interchangeable lenses,great images
        Great pictures, fast, features to allow tons of creativity that only an SLR can provide.
        Low Price, Excellent image, reliable
        Versatile, Ease of Use Given the Power
        near pro-level at consumer-level price.  excellent image quality
        Great pictures.  Easy to use.  Good price.  
        Professional quality SLR, Interchangeable lenses, 6.5 Megapixel low-noise CMOS sensor, customized functions, metal body.
        good price, low cost ink cartridge, compact size
        Great printer for very few dollars
        Small footprint, laser quality text, inexpensive
        Quality &amp; price makes this worth the purchase.
        Fast &amp; decent printouts, easy setup, Good value for money..
        Excellent quality B/W printing, very small in size, low noise, fast
        Great customer service but wish it was toll-free
        Cheap ink replacement, small compact size, very very good photo pictures (using photo quality paper)
        Fast and very good color and b/w printouts, simple to use, $$ friendly
        Fast, sharp images and clear fonts at any size while easy and cheap to refill.
        Low Price, Cheap to Run, Good Quality Printing 
        Relatively fast printing, Quiet, Nice Conservative Styling, Ink Tanks
        USB 2.0, Price, Quality, Seperate ink tanks.
        Great quality, good price, good brand name!
        Fast, high quality, attractive photo output, driver stability, inexpensive ink replacement
        Quiet (really quiet). Separate ink cartridges
        Quiet, Fast, Compact, Individual Color Ink Cartridges.
        Separate/inexpensive ink cartridges, fast black output, compact size, support.
        Great photo quality, cheap ink, good speed, fairly quiet, economical use of ink
        Affordability. Speed. Simplicity. Print quality. Quietness. Ink-replacement ease, affordability. Parallel-port/USB options.
        Inexpensive, great quality prints, , three separate color low price ink cartridges
        Quite fast, cheap ink costs.
        Quick. Low ink usage, Easy to set up, Looks, Quiet printing. Reasonable price, Rebate!
        Separate cartridges for each color, prints nice borderless photos.
        Amazing results, easy set up, great price
        Speed, clarity, speed, ease of use, speed, separate ink tanks, speed.
        EXIF support, separate ink tanks, separate ceramic print head, usb or parallel interface
        Excellent Photo Printing
        works with xp, easily adjustable for paper thickness, perfect print quality both text and photo
        This printer produces wet-lab quality photos.  It is fast and economical.
        Extremely fast TEXT printing; Separate Less Expensive Ink Cartridges; Completely closes when not in use
        Excellent printer it's quite,fast and printing jobs are great.
        Excellent Photo Quality, Very Good 4x6 Borderless, Very Good Text and Graphics
        Extremely fast printing,fairly easy setup, nice looking design, good price.
        Great output, very fast printing, and low ink cost.
        Excellent Photo printing.  Amazingly low ink usage!
        excellent picture quality, light weight, cheap ink, quiet.
        Photo lab quality prints quickly, cheaply...and good text as well.
        Good customer support
        Excellent color prints, separate color cartridges
        Cheap, fast, low ink costs
        Speed, quiet, borderless prints, separate ink tanks, excellent output, price
        Good price and aesthetically pleasing
        Speed, ease of use, rarely jams, price
        Very fast, excellent photo quality, very good text, single color ink tanks, user replaceable head.
        Extremely high quality photos, fast text, true color, cheap ink. 
        Nice design, neutral color, GREAT photos, Good size memory, USB
        Sharpness, speed, quiet, separate inks
        Fabulous printer in my estimation
        Separate ink cartridges, fast
        Reliability, color print quality and speed, looks, small size, easy maintenance
        Amazing image quality, Fast print speeds, 
        Fast, quiet, incredible prints
        Easy install, prints gorgeous photos, text on plain paper quite crisp. 
        Great photos, fast, quiet, USB 2, individual ink tanks, separate print heads
        The best quality as long as you use the right paper and software
        Fast Printing, High Quality Borderless Photo Prints &amp; Mac OS X Compatible
        It prints fast and produces some nice photo prints!
        Truly outstanding print quality
        Low price, SUPERB color, six-color inks, cheap and easy to operate
        Photo shop quality pictures produced in less than 1 minute., Easy set up, 
        35mm quality prints, fast and quiet, reliable.
        high resolution, speed, quiet, compact size, user friendly
        Quality, Speed, Price, Cost
        Fast, quality, full bleed photo output!  Very friendly on the wallet.
        Color accuracy (EXIF 2.2) and saturation, fast, quiet, separate ink tanks, borderless prints
        Great functions, easy to install, fills it purpose.
        It makes a good door stop
        Easy install, great color, faxes flawlessly.
        easy to install and use, multifunction: scan, copy, fax and color/black white printer. Print quality good. Plain paper
        all-in-one - printer, copier, gray-scale scanner
        Decent print quality, good copy/scan quality
        Ink life, hardware reliability
        multifunctional and space saving
        Reasonably priced.
        Good Idea
        small footprint and fewer cords
        looks great, sounds great
        Hey, the fax works
        Multi-functional, easy to operate
        many products
        Printing, Copying
        Inexpensive
        Multiple functions, software bundle
        Many different functions from one machine
        1. easy to install, options and quality
        multiple functions (printer, fax, copier), easy to install and use
        all-in-one functions, cartridges interchangeable with most other Canon inkjets
        Good value and good features.
        Nice Price, Gets The Job Done, Small size for such a large task
        none for mac
        It sometimes saves you a trip to Kinko's
        Takes up little desk space, easy install
        Great price and quality
        Inexpensive, fax capability
        Compact Size, Stand Alone Ability
        price, ease of use , compact size
        Easy to use, versatile
        CHEAP
        An easy-to-operate multifunction office machine that Faxes, Prints, Scans, and Copies.
        4 in 1, Cheap, Reliable, User Friendly, Easy to use, 
        no big weakness
        Low price, average printer, scanner, and copier function with good fax capabilities, easy to use control panel and easily read LCD, good amount of memory for memory fax reception
        All in one fax, copier, scanner and printer, does them all relatively well, good value.
        Good concept
        Fax, scan, copy, color printing all in one affordable unit
        Convenience of one machine, inexpensive cartridge replacement.
        Inexpensive, Color, multifunction, convenience
        useful, several machines in one, no problems
        clean copies, good quality color printing, easy to use, reasonable price
        Multifunction color copier/scanner/fax/printer
        All in one, great price for so much stuff
        Great software, excellent print quality
        Fast Black and White printing
        Very useful product
        clear print quality, multifunctional
        Great print quality
        does almost anything
        Price, Print quality
        Inexpensive, Multifunction
        All in one unit.
        Easy to use
        quick and well done printing
        Lots of capabilities if you have legacy ports on your PC
        saves you space on your desk
        Fairly good color printing, multi-function useful
        Flawless Fax reception, great color copies, and a decent printer.
        Multifunction
        Cheap, has printer/scanner/fax all in one unit
        Good Color Scanning and Printing. Great Fax Features.
        Multi-functioning, print quality.
        economical, good quality printing, faxing and scanning
        Small size, decent output
        It does the job, doesn't take up a lot of space, and is relatively cable-free.
        Easy to set up out of box, functionality plus,for the price. No jams.
        All-in-one, Price
        Relatively Compact
        Good print quality
        NONE FOUND
        The box can be used to store other stuff.
        Good look, seperate ink cartridges, fast scanning
        generous amount of ink at cheap price.
        inexpensive
        Good price, works fairly well. Bought 3 year warranty.
        copier, fax, color printer, scanning
        This printer does everything you could want.
        Speed and features.
        Copying, scanning, faxing all work well... good price also.
        works sporadically
        Produces high quality scans, printouts and copies, low operating costs, easy to setup and install
        Easy to use, great printing ,&amp; well designed.Ink can be refilled saving you $. 
        Print quality very good, print speed decent
        Good color, fast output, easy to operate.
        Fast and efficient with great scans and rich colors.
        good color copies, fast black &amp; white printing
        Easy to use, color printer,  photocopier, and scanner.  Relatively quick printing.
        Wonderful photographs
        Simple to use, print is very clear in black and color. 
        Crisp output; multi-functional; individual ink cartridges save money.
        Takes little space. Prints fast!
        Excellent service, good print quality
        The printer is great at doing color and B&amp;W prints. 
        A beautifully designed machine, quiet and efficient.
        Print quality, ease of use and set-up,features
        Great features for a great price; easy to hold and lightweight.
        Inexpensive, very good quality, fun, easy to use.
        Inexpensive with loads of options
        Easy to use. Excellent image quality. Sharp looking camera.
        3x Optical zoom for under $200, good picture quality
        great features, low price. 
        Inexpensive, great features, long battery life, and excellent quality photos.
        Affordable, compact, detailed LCD screen
        low price, great optics, ease of use, compatability
        Get pictures
        Optical and digital zoom.  Lots of features.  Great customer support.
        Low price with good features. Hard to beat in it's class-price range
        Lots of options, great picture quality
        Fast, competent, fully featured, quality results, excellent value for money, extensible.
        If you take a lot of shots, some will be exposed properly and maybe sharp.
        Easy to Use
        Sharp clear pics with good color.  Canon quality zoom lens.
        Ergonomic, inexpensive, brand name, great zoom, many features!
        Fun to use, good price/performance ratio, easy to look at.
        Photo Quality, Build Quality, Size, Uses AA Batteries, Ease of use, built in lens cap
        Optical &amp; Digital Zoom, up to 1600/1200 Res., USB connectivity
        Great overall feature set at an attractive price, uses CF.
        compact, great picture quality 1600x1200
        Great resolution,feel of a 35mm, zoom shows thru viewfinder to compose
        Size, weight, picture quality, price
        Great battery life (Ni-MH), Good quality photos, Relatively small
        Easy to use, Less Shutter Lag, Great Image Quality, Available Accessories
        Superior image quality, easy to use, good documentation and software
        2 important modes- manual &amp; automatic
        Easy to get started, good value for price, crystal clear LCD
        Great images, comfortable design, good price, easy software/menus
        Good Price; Easy to Use; Great Software; Elegant Design
        Very good image quality, good value, good build quality/ ergonomics, uses AA batteries, USB.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        The Canon Power Shot is the best camera&amp;#13;&amp;#10;you can buy.
        Outstanding picture Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Reasonable price
        Clear picture. Easy to use.  Takes panoramic photos.
        Image Quality, ease of use, build quality, OS X/Windows XP support
        Very easy to use and the photo quality is amazing. 
        For those who want a no-think, just-shoot camera, look no further
        Reasonable battery life, Compact Flash storage, nice pictures, zoom
        4 and a half stars, ease of use, durability, photo quality, good pictures
        good body, compact , stylish, easy to use affordable.
        Good price, good pictures, easy to use
        good value, easy to use hardware
        Easy, Quick, High Quality uses Standard CFlash Card, excellent win2k interaction
        Outstanding image quality, good battery life, easy to use, optical zoom, NTSC out.
        Product has great software and picture quality. 
        Picture Quality, Ease of use .
        Fast!
        Superb picture quality
        Small, Quality pics, tastes great and is less filling.
        easy to use, AA batteries (rechargeable work great! Compact Flash medium is great storage 
        Small size, great quality, accepts AA batteries.
        picture quality, reliability, design
        Very easy to use, sturdy, very good picture quality.
        Small, Easy To Use, Great LCD
        Small size, fits in my hand, LCD viewfinder, easy for a first-timer to use
        Picture Quality, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of use, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Battery Life, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Features (not just point and shoot)
        Perfect for the family photographer starting with digital, a simple point and shoot
        Easy to use... light... compact... only keep the pics you want... idiot-proof!
        Rock solid, great output, features, size.
        Great quality, excellent software
        Takes Great Photos.  Zoom feature is super easy to use.
        beautiful pictures, compact size, 3x zoom, AA batteries!
        Small and portable, has zoom!
        Easy to use, great pictures!
        Small, easy to use, yet with great image quality and features.
        Clear high res pictures, easy to use, powerful advanced features
        Nice camera BUT!!!
        Price, picture quality, NiMH battery life
        Clear display. Easy to use menus.  , The 2.0 Megapixel images are good quality
        Loads of functions and effects, All you need from a camera for a beginners price
        image, cost, one hand point&amp;shoot, AA battery, Compact Flash, movie mode, SCUBA case 
        Awesome entry level unit.  Easy to use.
        Cheap, comfortable and compact
        crisp color, confident autofocus, one hand operation, manual controls, sturdy
        Perfect images, Simple to use.
        Great pictures, great features, great price
        Good image quality.  Superior movie clip mode. Compact.
        Value for money and range of functions
        great first camera, a good deal
        Fabulous pic quality, many manual features
        Excellent picture quality, great value, ability to control photography in manual mode.
        Compact, good controls layout, amazing photo quality, video with sound
        cheap megapixels
        small, cute, price
        Easy to point and shoot on the factory settings.
        Amazing image quality, Movies w/sound, Small - Easy to carry, Easy to use
        lots of useful options
        Excellent low light images. Long battery life with good NiMH's. 3x optical zoom. Manual mode.
        Price, Simplicity, Quality
        Features galore. High quality images.
        high quality images, easy to use, videos with sound, TV out, battery life, manual mode
        Manual mode, user-selectable ISO, movie mode &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Great clear images, easy to use.
        Ease of use, image quality, value
        Good picture quality, Easy to handle, Lightweight, Good Price.
        Image Quality, Manual controls
        quality built, manual mode, long exposure, expandable, can use AA battery
        Quality pictures, manual controls, movie mode with sound.
        Easy to use in auto mode as well as manual mode. Great guess free pictures.
        Excellent picture quality,ability to, adjust settings manually,and no more film to develop !!!!
        Two words: Manual Mode.
        Value, manual control, construction quality, panorama mode and software, image quality
        A wonderfully designed and easy to use high quality digital camera.
        Good Battery Life, Well Built, Takes Great Photos, Easy to use
        For the money good quality pictures.
        Extremely easy to start taking pictures right out of the box.
        Solid casing. Sharp, clear images. Easy to use. Good documentation. No expensive proprietary components.  
        Excellent image quality, good battery life.
        Picture Quality, Ease of use, zoom.
        Powerful options, excellent quality, good price.
        best price/performance, uses CF storage, special accessories available
        Stylish, accomodates both experts and novices, great value
        Rich features., Easy to use., Video mode with sound!, GREAT quality., Not very heavy.
        Manual and Stitch Assist Mode, Excellent Image Quality and Noise Reduction, Great Software Bundle
        good quality pictures, easy to use, pixels and resolution.
        Excellent Ease of Use, Compact Flash, Great Picture Quality
        Amazing picture quality, Great previews on TV, Excellent support from Canon
        You control how simple or how complex you want the camera to be.
        Value and features
        Great features, simple user friendly options to the advanced Photographer. Superb Photos.
        Photo bliss. Extremely easy, many control options, high end features at a rock bottom price.
        Ease of use! Picture quality, great value. 
        Easy to use for beginners.
        Feature Rich, compact size
        Durable, easy to use, quality pics
        Crisp, clear images, lightweight, compact. Loads of features. Records short movies. 2 megapixels
        Excellent photos, auto mode works great, and has manual override
        Awesome Photo Quality, Great Features, Movie Mode, Advanced Camera Features
        Excellent image quality, manual mode, movie mode w/ sound, very well-built
        Easy to use compact flash, good quality supporting software, movie mode w/audio, ease of use
        More features than you will ever need for a point and shoot.
        Ease of use, the menu feature, automatic settings and usb connectivity. 
        Features, video out, software, price.
        Excellent Colors, AA Batteries,low picture noise
        Easy to use, many settings
        Compact and solid design&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Impressive image contrast
        high quality images, many options
        It shoots pictures
        Great Pictures
        Fast, small, detailed images
        Size, sturdiness, price
        light weight
        small, light, inexpensive
        small, good pics
        Excellent color and clarity ina asmall package
        User Friendly
        Outdoor shots, ease of use, size, ZOOM, Included TV connector
        Krishna
        Price; size
        High Quality at a Reasonable Price
        Durable, small, holds lots of images, easy to use
        Very small.... pocket size, Takes great pictures at shorter distances, Great software package
        Easy to use
        Size, Picture Quality, Price
        Excellent Quality, Easy to use
        good value, easy to use
        great camera
        Great quality digital photos at a very affordable price.
        Easy, Quick
        Small and light weight
        small size, good for family shots 
        very small, great features for the price
        good pictures, even with 'point and shoot'
        quality, price, durability
        Small size, image quality, excellent construction, many features
        Many features in compact size.
        Features available for the price
        Good size, good photo quality, trendy look, high resolution capability
        small size, price
        many features, great quality
        Ease, no developing, nice LCD display
        Excellant photo quality
        Light, portable, economic, good quality, strong, LCD display, capacity
        compact
        Cost, Quality of Pictures, LCD display
        compact size, ease of use, picture quality
        Great shots, ultra-small, aluminum body
        Affordable, Rugged, Small, High Quality
        Small size, good pictures
        easy to use, compact, light weight
        fairly inexpensive, zoom lens, auto lens cover
        Compact size, zoom, and great pictures
        Crisp Outdoor Shots, Compact Size, Software Bundle
        Easy to use, excellent features, price dropping.
        easy point and shoot; good enough software
        Good for beginners
        Excellent Quality and Extremely Easy to Use
        Instruction book is difficult to understand in some areas.
        Great Pictures
        yes
        GOOD VALUE
        photo quality, compact, durable
        pocket sized, sturdy aluminum clad body, largest optical zoom in the Canon Elph-based series
        High quality pictures, ease of use, good documentation
        Small, tough, very good quality pictures
        Low Price, fantastic quality of image, easy to use, lots of options
        Image quality, lots of features, solid housing
        Lots of manual settings., Love the new "Scene Modes", Well constructed and built, 
        Excellent colors and photo quality, full manual controls
        WOW!Great quality pictures!
        Great price~performance ratio, excellent image quality.
        Easy to take great pictures right out of the box, and more to learn later
        Very good photo quality, lots of manual/creative control, inexpensive, 3x optical zoom, AA Batteries  , 
        Design.Ease of use.
        -cheap, -the best in 2 mega, -multiple options!, -great for starters
        Good price to performance ratio, easy to use. Good image quality. 
        great picture quality, sound on movie settings, reasonable price, easy to use, great zoom
        lots of manual options, good pictures
        battery life
        Relatively light, better quality than expected for a 2mp camera
        Nice size, good battery life, nice features.
        Price. Photo quality. Features.
        powerfull little camera, AA batteries, picture quality
        Best overall value, solid body, manual settings for advanced use.
        3 MegaPixel, 3x optical zoom, good price, solid feel, FUNC button
        Price. Advertised features. Size.
        3.2 MegaPixel, 3x optical zoom, compact size, lots of creative control.
        Lots of custom controls, good zoom, small, decent photo quality
        Construction, image quality, functions, manual mode, good macro, 16 mb included compact flash
        Easy to learn and use, excellent low light photos, a great value.
        Picture quality is good.  Size is fine.   
        Price was good $263 total.  Picture quality good based on limited use.
        Great bang for the buck -- manual options and low cost
        Easy to use and wonderful quality.
        Good color balance, good manual override, interesting video abilities, nice interface, reasonable price
        great picture quality, excellent video w/sound, good battery life, durable
        relatively inexpensive;, quality pictures;, small;, easy to use
        3 minutes movie rocks! Nice surprize. 
        Great photos, easy to use, good manual, many options, takes videos
        Full of features for the price - ease of use - uses regular AA Batteries
        Picture Quality, Full Manual Control, Good Flash, AF illuminator, Uses AA Batteries., 
        3.2mp, excellent ergonomics/usability, easy to use but advanced functionality
        Ease of use, small size, video files WITH sound
        Ease of Use, Uses 4 AA batteries, Wise Angle mode , Stitch software, 
        Easy to use, nice crisp shots, good color, lots of advanced features.
        Absolutely incredible Photographs, extremely ergonomic AND economic, A zillion features.
        Cheap, great photos, point and shoot away!
        Powerful, precise, easy to use, worth every penny.
        Super clear photos, great macro feature, excellent zoom capabilities and super video clips!!
        Most bang for your buck, AF assit lamp, excellent images, ease of use.
        - Picture Quality, - Camera Build Quality, - Lens add-ons, Underwater case, - Intuitive Interface
        High End functions and glass lenses at good prices.
        Very good photo quality, lots of manual/creative control,  inexpensive , 
        Image quality, Body design, CompactFlash media, Movie Mode with Sound, Battery Life, Optional lenses
        Easy to use, Very accurate color, Intelligent autofocus system, Functional shooting modes, Excellent software
        A small, lightweight, nearly professional powerhouse.
        Ease of use, features, printed manual
        great auto mode, AA batt, great value
        3.2 MP, Excellent Quality Photos
        Great Megapixel/price ratio, Easy to use, lots of features, durable, Great all around
        Price, size and 
        Overall, excellent photos, battery life, internet updates, features
        Size, traditional camera shape, battery life, manual features
        Wow! Wow! Wow! Outstanding control and quality!
        Easy to use, excellent pictures, online services like ofoto.com make this even better
        Great options, excellent battery life, IBM microdrive compatible.
        Great quality pictures, size, battery life
        great, 3.34 megapixels, great resolotioun
        High quality pictures, good battery life, great options
        clarity, quality, great battery life (re-chargeable), swivel LCD screen
        An AC adapter and battery charger with a Lithium-ion rechargeable battery is included.
        Good Pics and a good all-around camera, except. . .
        Image quality, battery life, ISO 50, RAW format, etc.
        Great images, battery, fold in/twist out LCD, ISO 50, RAW Image Files
        Twisting screen, battery life, stitch mode, microdrive, excellent build. 
        Twist LCD screen ,IBM MicroDrive support, Flash Hot-shoe, Battery life, Multiple manual and automatic modes
        Image quality, panoramic, rechargeables included, remote control, swivel LCD.
        Good optics, Excellent battery, Excellent controls, "Retro" styling, Built-in flash and hot-shoe
        Great pictures, takes 1 gig micro drive
        Picture quality, extras that come in the box (wireless remote, battery), hotshoe
        Picture quality, design, features
        formidable photo quality, durable, versatile
        excellent photos, feature rich, heavy.
        superior low light shooting, flexible LCD screen, Hotshoe on camera, faster focus, ease of use, battery life and all necessary items included in purchase price
        Battery life, massive storage capacity, flip-out LCD display
        Swivel LCD, flash options, great images
        picture quality, battery life, flexible storage devices
        Great screen, movies with sound, fantastic quality.
        Large battery, hot shoe, raw files
        Easy to use and yet complete control
        Superior design and quality, price point comparison.
        Nice features set, support microdrive, user friendly
        Sharp lens, portable, manual controls, hot-shoe, LCD, ISO 50, battery
        3.34MegaPixels, 3x Optical, 4x Digital, video+sound, Interchangeable lenses.
        battery life,massive storage.
        Picture quality, build quality, rotating LCD screen, great software
        Features, Compact Flash Type 2, Camcorder Style Battery
        it has all the advance features you'll ever need &amp; accepts CF Type II
        battery, RAW file format, quality of pictures&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Very good camera with versatile lens attachments, built in flash system.
        ISO 50, great images, professional controls, very fast, great build qualities.
        Uses IBM Micro-drive, awesome battery life even with IBM drive, Great PICS!
        quality images, microdrive, software, super fine JPEG
        takes clear shots
        Great picture quality, hotshoe, compact, durable, great for accessories
        Wonderful picture quality, doesn't need too much expertise to start impressing people
        Functionality, Features, Price
        Easy To Use
        Great image quality, ability to take off-camera flash, rechargeable battery, pleasantly chunky.
        CF Type II media, 3 Megapixels, audio with movies, good battery
        Excellent images, format CCD RAW, large battery life, many features, MicroDrive support, easy to use
        SUPERFUN...FEELS GOOD in the HAND...REALLY FAST CLICKER!  People WILL ENJOY your CREATIVE PICTURES!
        it's a take anywhere kind of camera
        Relatively compact size, manual features, nice LCD, included rechargable battery
        Swivel LCD, battery life, flexible storage 
        excellent pictures, swivel LCD
        Swivel LCD, Remote control, Flash hot-shoe, Type II CF Compatability
        A nice piece of engineering; a great set of features
        Beautiful pictures, great battery, solid build, feature-packed, swivel LCD
        Great pictures, wonderful flip-out LCD, MD support, add on lenses, ISO 50, RAW
        Amazing image quality! Solid construction. Long list of features.
        It has all the features you'll ever need &amp; produces incredible pictures.
        Easy to Use, Sharp pictures with beautiful color reproduction !
        Sharp, clear pictures.  Ease of use.  Quality. Tons of options.
        Crystal clear 4MP images, 3x optical zoom, long battery life, lots of great features.
        4.10 Megapixels, Great resolution and lots of room to work with
        High 4 MB resolution, fully dedicated hot shoe, viewfinder versatility, great Canon optics!
        4MP, f2.0 3x zoom, excellent battery life, tilt/swivel LCD, 32 MB CF card.
        Very powerful Camera, fairly small construction, 4.1 megapixels!
        Great camera, lots if fun, easy to use
        crisp, clean, perfect images, lots of new features
        Bigtime memory, high resolution, clean clear pictures, oodles of features
        Crystal clear photos, fully customizable photo settings, great moveable display
        Excellent picture quality and battery life
        4MP, movie mode, excellent battery life
        Incredible lens. Clear, crisp, colorful image reproduction. 4 mega pixels.
        Very good picture quality, versatile autofocus.
        &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Solidly built; many features; excellent photos; easy to hold.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;
        Great picture quality, powerful enough to be fully automatic or to allow you complete control.
        LOTS of features, great battery life, battery life meter, articulated LCD, works well in low-light
        Picture Quality, Manual Controls, Battery Life
        Photo color &amp; clarity, flip-out LCD screen, remote included
        Lots of features, Great battery, great outdoor pictures.
        Good feature list, RAW mode, flip-out LCD etc
        Four Megapixel, fast lens, tilt and swivel display, RAW output
        Good Pic Quality, Easy to use especially if you already own a Canon, 
        Quality of image,  great lens; range of features and accessories available.
        Excellent Images.  Movie Mode! Lots of adjustment options.  Long battery life.
        Beautiful pictures, long battery life, easy to use, Canon quality
        4 mega pixles, battery life, clear images. 
        Extensive manual control, high image quality, excellent suite of pro/advanced features, articulated LCD screen.
        this
        Shoot to your heart's content, Great Battery life, Excellent quality lens
        Turns a mere mortal into a professional caliber photographer...easily!
        Excellent, low-noise images; compatibility with Canon external flash units; user interface is easy
        stitch and movie function, manual modes, zoom digital zoom, small package, IBM microdrive support
        Hundreds of Beautiful Photos. Various Modes making friends go Jee Whiz!
        Great picture taking, Excellent exposure controls, Amazing autoexposure
        Picture quality, Available features, Li-Ion battery.
        4.0MP, manual and auto controls, very little shutter lag
        excellent picture quality, Lots of options, and a swivel LCD screen
        Image quality, build, features, current pricing after release of G3.
        Great pictures, adjustable LCD, lots of features. long battery life
        great color and resolution, easy to use, remote control operation
        Hardy, multifunctional, good quality.
        Excellent quality of images and has many functions that you can use in manual mode
        Great contruction and superb results
        Excellent quality of pictures, Rugged, good looks. 
        Easy point and shoot, GREAT color and resolution.  Very good battery life.
        Great quality pics, even in low light
        Image quality, battery life, hot-shoe for ext. flash
        Multiplicity of modes and features, flexability, DURABILITY!, MOVEABLE LCD-SCREEN!  GREAT PICTURE QUALITY
        Great images, easy to use, many features.
         the closest picture to 35mm film. Simple, fast and perfect. need I say more
        Well built, excellent quality pictures, 2.0f lens, 4 megapixels
        Innovative LCD screen, versatile, well-designed and executed camera
        Good ergonomics, lots of features but still easy to use.
        i carry it everywhere with me
        Crystal clear high quality images, long battery life, lots of PLUS features. BUYIT!
        Great styling, high quality photos, good battery time, lots of manual features, solid build.
        Great optics and user interface
        Great pictures,good build,solid controls,flip LCD.
        easy as a point and shoot, high quality images, many many options.
        Very easy to use and download pictures with supplied software
        4.10 Megapixels, Very good picture quality
        Packed with features and takes great pictures!
        Ease of use, easy to carry, picture quality right out of camera
        Too many to list... the G3 almost makes the G2 look bad!
        faster than G2, uses CompactFlash, long battery life
        Incredible array of controls, great battery life, sharp photos &amp; great colors
        supporting FAT32 for CF, Good coloring, fast, 2nd-curtain flash, fast lens, long battery life
        Easy to use, good size and weight, and much more
        Best Digital Camera I have used to date. 
        &lt;b&gt;Probably the most versatile and near perfect camera for the non-professional.&lt;/b&gt;
        LCD, 4x zoom, Fast boot
        Extensive list of functions to satisfy every enthusiast, great picture quality
        Easy to use, great pictures, good in low-light
        Full auto or control of photographs with stunning quality
        fast lens, zoom range, flexibility, ease of use, hot shoe
        4 mega pixel, excellent quality, excellent battery life
        Great optics, 4X optical zoom lens, system capabilities.
        G3 an excellent camera indoors
        Improved controls over previous Powershots, long battery life.
        Capable of extremely high image quality,  , Very short shutter release lag
        Outstanding battery life and great manual controls
        Sharp, clear pictures. Intuitive interface. Good colour reproduction.
        Fast enough, amazing image quality, convenient control
        Amazing versatility and feature set for the price ($470 7/03)
        Awesome Camera.  Lots of extras. Great Pictures and movies. 
        Highly detailed images. Vivid, accurate color. Great battery life.
        Advanced camera, Good image Quality, Flexible exposure modes, many, many features
        solid construction,good zoom
        Many innovative improvements over the Canon Powershot G2, 
        Great picture quality, rich with functions, many improvements from the G2
        Small, lightweight and excellent photos
        Feature RICH! Takes stunning photographs! Long battery life! 
        Full Control, Fast 4X lens, Superior Image Quality, Compact Flash I/II Media
        picture quality,battery life,LCD monitor,handling, value. manual control, nice lense
        Photo Quality, LCD Flip-out Screen
        Great Pics
        great camera
        Game is so much fun.  Great with multy-player or with single-player!
        Accurate Color
        cheap price.......
        ease of operation, feature set, and price
        grat camera
        Great Resolution - Needs a Little Improvement
        long battery, wide angle zoom, external flash hotshoe on-board the camera, excellent lens
        Quality shots/2 compactflash slots
        Close up shots.
        PRICE BREAK because the Pro70 is not cutting edge. Microdrive ready.
        ergonomic, easy to use, great lens, decent focus, decent flash support
        Great Zoom Range (10X), Loaded with features, Image sharpnesss
        SLR style form factor, flash hotshoe, 10x zoom, picture quality
        Incredible lens capable of 10x zoom. Loaded with features.  Sexy design.
        10x optical image stabilized zoom, Microdrive compatible, Hot shoe
        Image Stabilization, 10X Zoom, Great Lens, Easy to use Digital SLR
        Great zoom, great features
        Tilt/Flip LCD, 10X Optical Zoom Lens, Image Stabilization&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Excellent Quality, Easy to Use, VERY SLR Like.
        Great lens, 10x zoom, good flash, easy to use.
        Great, fast zoom plus lots of control
        Takes great pictures
        Very nice, small, affordable, and great quality.
        Compact, easy to use, great pictures
        Built like a TANK
        easy to use. takes great pictures. water-resilient!
        excellent camera
        Petite, Attractive Design, Lightweight, Easy to travel with/use, Nice photo quality
        PICTURE QUALITY, SIZE
        Small size, excellent picture quality, 2 megapixel is more than enough
        A fun camera , small on size, Big on performance!
        compact, good pictures, looks like the popular &amp;quot;Elph&amp;quot;
        Is a small, and quality taking picture camera 
        Easy, great photos, many features
        great image quality, easy to use, can use microdrive
        Great size, great pictures, great everything!
        nice pictures,small,convenient
        Great design! User friendly picture taking.
        Solid construction, excellent image quality, very easy to use
        Compact, fantastic quality, easy to transfer pics, great LCD.
        Easy to use, great pictures, great software.
        Great
        After days of constant research, I have settled on this one.  
        small, easy to use, many advanced features, accepts ibm microdrive
        Cost, size, easy to use, uses the lower cost IBM Microdrive
        Small, Flexible, Inexpensive, 2.1 megapix's
        compact and reliable
        Compact Size, Easy to Carry, 2.1 Mega Pixel
        Size!!
        Good looking, VERY small, great pictures
        Size, Resolution, Coolness
        Easy to use
        Flashy electric sun amazes the natives
        Portable, 2 MegaPixel, Flashy Looks, Makes Quicktime VR's 
        Very good in quality.  
        Size, Battery Life, Picture Quality
        Small footprint, well-built and rigid body, responsive control, super-low noise CCD, Super-Fine compression mode comparable to TIFF uncompressed images at 1/4 the size.
        small, lightweight, good pictures
        size,image quality
        Best color accuracy and sharpness of all 2.1 mpixel cameras
        Good resolution, great features, small footprint
        Form factor, CompactFlash Type II slot, optical zoom lens with a 2X-4X digital option, ISO from 100-400, 3 selectable image sizes 
        superb images, quality construction, accepts Type II cards
        Small, great functions, nice pictures
        Small size, easy to use, sturdy, USB
        Size, Quality, Toughness, Features
        small, convenient, easy to use
        Powerful, nice photos, produces beautiful prints
        Excellent pictures, many different picture taking options, great software
        Durable stainless construction
        little camera, big power
        Cheap, Great Pictures, Very Nice Design
        Size, weight, and easy to use
        price and ease of use
        Picture quality, takes Microdrive, feature rich
        Size, construction, image quality
        Awesome picture Quality
        small size, memory capabilities, features
        good quality pictures, compact design, digital capabilities, easy photo transfer
        Handy All-In-One Digital Camera
        Great resolution, great zoom, it can take a beating
        Size
        ...
        durability and reliability
        Compact, high quality, easy to use point and shot
        fairly easy to use
        high quality small
        SEE ABOVE
        Tiny "go anywhere" 2.1 megapixel camera with superb optics
        A sharp camera with a lot of functionality.
        Canon Brand, Size, Durable Construction, Picture Quality, Features, Wow Factor
        1600x1200 resolution means real 8x10" photos, smaller than most 2.1 megapixel cameras, fast continuous shooting
        Small, Solid, Beautiful Pictures, Rechargeable batteries included
        Easy to use! clear pictures, plenty options for me to customize my photos.
        great size
        Small, easy to use, reasonably priced.
        little, Compact Flash card, functions, software
        Nice design, solid functionality, supports CF I and II cards.
        Great size, crisp photos
        Excellent workmanship,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;compact, decent results
        thetic
        Nice and small
        Reasonably priced, high quality pictures, easy to use, rugged
        Compact size, simple to use
        Small size, great feature set for the price.
        Great camera...incredibly easy to use...great quality
        Compact and intuitive
        excellent picture quality,small size,easy to learn
        You can save money by not buying film for this camra
        small, and CUTE
        Easy to use, Compact, It has a flash
        takes great pictures and still cheap
        Portable and easy to use
        SIZE, SIZE, SIZE
        * Coolest Digital Camera Around &amp;#13;&amp;#10;* Excellent Picture Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10; 
        small, light, easy to use
        Small size, quality of images, and it's COOL!
        Small and portable. Good Pic quality. Durable.
        Small, lightweight and takes great pictures
        Easy to use and produces excellent photos!
        easy to use; great pictures/LCD/features; easy to download; great value - quality ratio;
        Re-chargable Battery, Size, Weight, Photo Preview, Quiet
        Small, lightweight, and good picture quality
        Compact traveling size.
        Size and Weight, awesome clear screen,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Good DSC
        Small Size
        compact, durable, easy to use.
        Tiny, Quick camera
        Size of cigarette pack. Crisp pictures. Many functions. Great first digital cam!
        Small,  easy to use with quality pictures
        Great picture...nice and compact
        Portability, above average image quality, construction, battery life and LCD
        small size, build quality
        Small, great image quality, portable, undetectable.
        good looks, compact, rechargeable battery
        Size, quality, uses standard Compact Flash
        High Qlty. pics. Small size, and a Beauty!
        Solid, small, easy to use.
        Tiny and easy to use
        2.1 Megapixel, USB, Lithium Ion Battery, Metal Casing, RCA Plug for TV/VCR
        size, design, functions, compatibility
        Small, Easy to Use, Great Pictures
        price, size, ease of use, quality of pictures, support, the "OH WOW"
        Small and light; very easy to use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Smallest Digital Camera, Price, 2.1 Megapixel
        Filmless technology = totally liberating! Buying accessories!
        Tiny (stealth), high-quality photos.
        Tiny, tiny, tiny and wonderful pictures!
        S110 which replaces the S100.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;New Feature:  Movie Mode with Audio.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Long battery life.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Compact, durable, good resolution, able to take low-light and black &amp; white photos, rechargeable battery
        Size, quality or pictures, ruggedness
        A great selection as a first digital camera
        Size, Durability, Photo Quality
        rugged shell, great picture quality to size ratio, a camera to carry everywhere.
        small; easy to use
        small, decent images, good construction quality
        Small, Takes Great Pictures, Easy Computer Interface
        One word describes this camera - TINY.  This is, without a doubt the best feature.
        Small size
        Tiny, solid chassis. 
        ultra-compact design, easy to use
        size, weight, battery life
        Small, stainless casing, 2 megapixel quality camera at a good price
        Tiny Size! high-res, rechargeable battery, simple to use
        size, picture quality, interface with PC, great software
        Durable stainless body
        Size, ease of use, fully-functioned for size
        small body, crisp images
        fabulous size and control layout, nice features, easy
        small size, great quality pics
        Compact and works like a charm
        Small, solid, great quality photos.
        Small size, nice lens, nice accessories
        size
        size, detail, construction
        SIZE!!!
        Small size, good image quality
        Small, light, easy to use, eye-catching
        Everything
        Small size, easy to download pics, quality
        Small, Quality pictures, rechargeable Li-ion battery, great LCD
        Great color, 8x10 px, 2.11MP, FAST recycle, Tiny Jewel!
        Everything
        Modern Design, Small Size, best 2.1 Megapixel Digital Camera for its size &amp;amp; price.  USB connector for fast uploads.
        Great image quality, stylish, compact, take-anywhere, useful, impressive
        Ease of operation
        Small, Super fast USB download, "Life of the party"
        Easy to use, good picture quality, incredibly small size
        Size (small)
        Tiny size, great ease of use
        Portability, ease of use, quality of photos
        Compact and very durable.  Quality of pictures are pretty good.  Nice screen to view pictures.
        smallest digital camera currently available, good pic quality
        2 mega pixel quality, good zoom lens, ease of use.
        Small enough to be stuffed in a pocket or purse, point-and-shoot ease...
        Canon, Good Quality Pictures, Small, Easy To Use.
        Size, style, convenience, ease
        Great Size, Durable, Nice Screen, Comes with rechargeable battery
        Beautiful Images, Small Package
        Tiny, powerful features
        an little engineering marvel
        Very small, sturdy construction, 2 megapixels, easy to use
        Ultra-compact, ultra-stylish, ultra-fun, ultra-everything
        Incredibly small, nice featured
        TINY size, STEEL body, great design!
        Great megapixels, easy to use and upload, smallest digital camera in the market
        Small Size, Good pictures, Picture Capacity, Sleek Look, Good software
        compact and easy to use
        &lt;b&gt;TINY SIZE, GREAT IMAGE QUALITY&lt;/B&gt;
        Size IS everything. Forget clunkers. This goes with you everywhere.
        Great image quality for such a little guy. Very Rugged!
        Small, stylish, excellent quailty of pictures, easy to use, very complete package
        small size, easy to use for a amatuer
        You'll take lots and lots of pictures.  Big-time "Wow" factor.
        Size, picture color, zoom, photo display(very clear!), 2 hr. battery charge
        Tiny, cute, good pictures!
        &lt;B&gt;Small!&lt;/B&gt; And quick.  Good quality pictures.
        Very compact, good pictures, good exposure under most circumstances
        Tiny size, portability, excellent photos.
        Small, lightweight, high resolution, additional memory cards available, no more photo developing costs.
        Pros
        It is a capable picture taking camera. 
        Small, Rugged, Good Image Quality, High " Cool " Factor
        Small, easy to use, great pictures
        Tiny "take anywhere" convenience&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Beautiful photos
        Very small, easy to use, great picture quality, fun little toy&amp;#9;
        Extremely Portable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great image quality to camera size ratio&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        small, easy to use, great quality
        Great convenience and capability in a small, usable package.
        solid build, elegant design, sharp pictures, very portable
        Small size, stainless steel casing, usb computer connection, looks.
        Ultimate camera for its size
        Small size, easy to fit in pocket or purse. Takes great pictures!
        Tiny, great optics
        Small size, great photos.
        Size, display works well in bright light, and ease of use.
        Small, Price is right
        Size, size, and Size.  Oh yeah, very easy to use and high quality
        Small, 2.1 MP, Movie-mode, Decent Zoom
        Smallest camera of it's type. Sleek durable design. High reliability
        Small size. Great picture quality. Great quality overall. Small recharger &amp; included rechargable battery.
        Small size, 2.1 megapixel image quality, video mode, CF media, controls, panoramic mode
        Smallest Digicam going! Sexy, Well made, great output.
        Small, Durable, Bright Display, Excellent Picture Quality, Easy to use, Overall very cool!
        Size, Weight, Quality, PhotoStich S/W, &amp; Design. Did I mention size?
        Excellent quality pictures, movie mode, size of a credit card, width of a quarter.
        Convenient and portable, looks great, good feature set
        Excellent picture quality. Ability to record live motion video w/audio.
        Small size, great looks, quality pictures, zoom lens, movies, great features!
        Very portable, accurate color, very well made, incredible!
        Size, ergonomics, included software, picture quality
        Compact, great picture quality, stylish
        Perfect size, very good pics
        Size, photo quality, sturdiness, movie feature, adequate resolution, black and white mode.
        small size, excellent picture quality for a 2 megapixel camera, sturdy metal body
        Good picture quality, easy to use, highly portable, rebate (through 1/31/02)
        Lightweight, compact, easy to use, takes beautiful photos
        Very portable, rugged, great "photo stitch" software.
        Well made, Small size, picture quality, compact flash, battery life. 
        size, size, size. and great clarity in the pictures. Love the metal case.
        Size, features, pixels
        Picture quality, Size, Durability
        Compact, tough, sexy, very good image quality, and movies with sound &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        compact and cute, tons of features, good picture quality
        SIZE! Picture Q, Image Stitch mode, speed
        tiny (fits in my handbag!), great quality, range of options&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Size, Size, Size.  2.1 megapixels is all you need!!!
        Size, metal case, Canon quality
        TINY, TINY, TINY.  Huge improvements over the S100.  Great battery life
        small, easy to use, astheticly pleasing, multi-functions
        Easy to use, durable, great picture quality, few outside costs
        Small, good quality pics
        Light, stylish and versatile digital still. User friendly, with great Canon optics.
        Small enough to carry in your pocket, good image quality, stylish
        as small as the regular elph.
        Size doesn't matter, so small and light! Easy to use.
        Compact and easy to use
        Inexpensive, great pictures, movie clips, small size.
        Worked great for the first year, portable, good battery life.
        Durable; compact; good, clean quality pics.
        light, discreet, sleek design, has all basic features, easy to use, durable, decent zoom
        Tiny! Metal case. Comes w/battery.
        Extremely small, great pictures
        Lightweight, fits in pocket, great user interface, great color
        The ultimate shirt-pocket camera! Rugged stainless steel.
        Very small; a little bigger than a credit card
        Nice slick camera.  Novelty to anyone who sees it.  Lots of neat features.
        Size, Size, &amp; Size, Great LCD Display, Features, Software, Battery Life
        very compact, and lightweight!
        Small, small, small. Easy to use. Durable.
        Very small and light, excellent quality, affordable
        Small, lightweight, durable, sleek, and fun to use.
        Small, Pocket-sized, Attractive appearance, many accessories
        small size
         Very sharp lens and chip Compact Excellent software  
        CF Type I/II slot, timer, continuous shooting.
        Cheap, sturdy looking and small camera
        Easy to use, comes with all accessories to get started, high quality pictures.
        Excellent quality. Good settings/functions for the common user.
        Supports Microdrive
        Great resolution
        Compact, high-resolution, easy to use
        easy to use, small size, great picture quality
        Very crisp photos...
        Small for a 3.3Mpel camera&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        3.3 Megapixel resolution, size, price, picture quality.  Uses standard media.
        INCREDIBLY sharp pictures, 3.34 megapixels, less CCD noise than its predecessors, small size, fast transfers, solid construction.
        how this think works
        Great size, very intuitive, good zoom
        Small, Microdrive capable, sharp pictures
        3.1 megapixels, small size
        USB, 3 megapixels, slot for 340mb drive
        Normal layout, easy to use, 2 battery types
        Size, easy to use, many features
        Great pictures
        Could be used as a weapon in the battle of good vs evil
        - 3.3 megapixel resolution - Excellent image quality - Accurate auto-light adjustment
        Quality, size, fully auto but allows total control
        Save a couple dollars (at best)
        great picture quality, awesom features!!!!
        - 3.3 megapixels resolution, Excellent image quality, Accurate auto-light adjustment.
        light, small, good quality, high capacity, compression
        Compact size, custom features
        Great size and pictures, intuitive interface and software
        Small size, picture quality
        Compact, Lightweight, Easy to Use, IBM Microdrive Compatible
        optical zoom,The battery life is good,picture quality
        Great Pictures, Small
        Small size, improved functions, stainless steel body, options!, and more
        Even more spiffy features!&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        small, takes great pictures, solid construction, great price
        Size, Ease of Use, Movie Mode, Versatile Features, Photo Stitch Software for Making Panoramas
        small, great pictures, manual controls
        Small size, light weight, bright LCD and manual features.  1 year warranty.
        Super small, stainless steel body and simple menu functions.
        Small size
        Great Pictures, good price, good size, metal case, compact flash
        Sleek body, compact size, Improves on the original!!
        Improved control layout, ultra compact, limited manual capability, photo effects mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Small, lightweight, big capacity, simple to use
        Small, fast shutter, lots of great features... did i say small?
        Small size and great features.
        Size,image quality, usability, design
        Small size, easy to use, cool looking
        Takes great pictures, is very convenient, and even takes video clips with sound.
        Small, Metal
        Small size, high quality photos, ease of use, sleek look.
        It is small, takes great photos, durable, excellent value for the price.
        Small, Portable, rechargeable, stylish
        tiny, sturdy, sharp looking
        Size and portability, it also has an excellent battery life.
        Small, VERY durable, Great pictures, Lots of manual overrides
        Great compared with others like it.
        Jewel-like beauty will impress you and your friends.  You can take it anywhere.
        Small, light, durable
        Great feel, easy to operate, 12 second video capture mode, good battery life.
        durable and stylish enough for techy college scene
        Ultra small, but very ergonomic camera
        Takes great outdoor photos in good light, easy to carry, easy auto operation.
        Very small
        We ask you, and you said that we have to try 
        Portable, durable, all metal case, good feature set
        Compact, Easy to use, Canon
        Styling, compact size
        Small Metal body. Low price. Good picture quality.
        Small, feels solid, takes good pictures, and hey, lets admit it, it just looks cool.
        Compact size, quality build, decent photo quality, CF card capable
        Small, great photos, easy to use.
        Great pictures, good focus, small size, compact, durable
        SMALL SIZE, good battery life, ease of use.
        stylish, small, tons of feature
        Small size, great picture quality
        The size is really small it fits into my pocket were ever i go.
        small, lightweight, easy to use
        compact and sturdy, nice sharp pictures
        Small, durable, relatively inexpensive
        Very small.  Additional functionality to the S100 &amp; S110.  Auto Rotate
        fair price, many options, zoom, easy to use
         It is light-weight, small, takes great photos, and has a great viewing screen.
        Nice small size, point and shoot ease, lots of extra features, slick looking camera.
        zoom, size, ease of use
        Extremely durable, looks fantastic, ultra compact and takes great pictures
        Metal case (durable), more than adequate resolution, long battery life, light weight
        Size, 3.2mp, W/B Histogram, Ease of Use
        Small size, 3.2 megapixel, metal frame, good coolness ratio, excellent photos, proven performer.
        Small Size, 3.2 MegaPixels!, metal body, minor tweaks from S200
        3.2 Megapixels, ultra compact, Improved Control Layout, tough metal body, 
        Very Compact, excellent picture quality, extended movie time over S200
        Compact, Lightweight, Takes great photos in daylight
        Smallest 3MP camera on the market; loaded with features; great picture quality!
        Good image &amp; color replication, 3.2 Megapixels, Small size, Up to 15sec. exposure times,
        The size of a cigarette box, Quality of Picture
        Size, ease of use.
        Small,Easy to use
        Small size, movie mode, great auto-focus, 3.2 megapixels
        excellent movie capture, compact, great pictures, easy to use, great lcd display
        Small, Good quality build, Great CCD !Worth the buy !
        Small size, easy to use, great pictures, battery charger, stylish
        Compact, Lightweight, and Feature-Filled.
        Small size, ease of use, features, rechargeable battery
        Looks, speed, features, capabilities
        Small, portable, great quality pics, easy to use
        Great Picture Quality, 3.2 MegaPixels, Real small.  Fits anywhere.
        - Small, lightweight, - Great battery, quick recharge, 
        Small elph size.  Fine photos.  Easy to use.  Many, many options.
        Small, compact size; takes great pictures; Canon quality; good flash; sleek design
        Excellent Picture Quality - Small Size
        Small, Easy to use, takes great pictures!  Battery charging is easy
        Easy to use
        design, photo quality
        Size-Super Small, 3.2 Mpix, Picture quality,ease of use
        Compact Size, light, 3.2 for prints up to 8*10,movie clips as clear as my camcorder!
        Excellent functionality/features, very good image quality
        Compact size and extremely easy to use.
        compact, sturdy feel, small battery and charger, quick downloads
        compact, sleek design
        Truly compact, 3.2 MP, Excellent video capture, Solid construction
        Takes up to 3 minute Movies! Manual functions, small &amp; elegant, fast
        Small Size, 3.2 megapixels, Metal body, AiAF focus system, CF memory, user friendly.
        Size, Picture Quality, Looks and Style
        Can keep in pocket.  Takes great pictures.
        Size (Small as a pack of cigs), 3.2 mpix, metal body.  
        Very good build quality and feel. Relatively easy-to-use and robust.
        Unbelieveably small and compact, yet a great camera.
        Small, Tough, Power Efficient, Not Complicated, quality images., 
        Small and compact, the proof is in the pictures
        Excellent_picture_quality, Functionally diverse, Compact metal case, Retracting_lens with_built-in lens-cover, light_weight and_very_small, photo-stitch, Lithium_Ion battery, Uncompressed_format
        Great camera. Compact.Compatible with high standard flash cards. Great Shooting modes and zoom. 
        3 MegaPixels, Small Size, Solid Construction, Excellent Photo Taking, Price
        Nice pictures, nice looking camera
        size, picture quality, software, options, zoom, flash, 3 megaPixels
        Compact size, low price, image quality, excellent metering.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        easy to use, lots of features, pocket sized, quality pictures.
        stylish, cool sound effects, and small, clear crisp pictures
        Compact, Feature laden, Great Zoom for size and reasonable price.
        Great Pictures, great battery, easy to recharge, user friendly program, can be carried anywhere. 
        Full Featured&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Fits in pocket&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great pictures
        Size, Image Quality, Manual and Automatic Controls
        Small, durable, attractive, easy to use, great pics
        Small, easy to use, movie shooting mode, 3x optical zoom, multiple shooting modes, high resolution
        Size, Quality, Looks, Price, Battery.
        picture clarity, ease of use, versatility, decent movie mode
        Excellent all-around design, fully featured, pretty fast startup for a digicam, pretty fast shoot times
        Excellent pictures and functionality, built tough
        Size, quality and ease of use.
        Compact, great first digital camera. Many extra features. Reasonable price.
        Clean, sharp images, full featured, compact design, image portability
        Great size, excellent feature set, easy to use
        Feature set, photo quality, smooth operation
        Easy to select pre-selected pictures modes, large view finder
        Small, easy to use, takes great pictures!!
        TONS of features, incredible picture quality, good battery life
        Quality photos, great feature set, great P&amp;S results, solid feel.
        Intuitive, easy to use, excellent value
        battery life, photo quality, features, form factor
        Feature-packed for price.  Great resolution.  Compact form.  Looks Good.
        Great pictures, oots of possibilities
        great image quality, easy to navigate controls, very robust
        Size, quality, flexibility
        Small camera that can fit in your pocket, but not so small.
        Great picture quality.  Nice manual control features.
        Does anything you expect a mid ranged camera to do.  Complete manual controls. Rugged. 
        Great with the underwater housing for snorkeling! Super camera! Lots of things to learn!
        small size, tough case, great shots, fun add-ons
        I'll let you know.
        A jewel.  Affordable excellence.
        Compact, great pictures, value
        It is multi-functional, nice-looking, powerful for an average user's needs
        Image quality, features.
        VERY COMPACT, GOOD QUALITY PICTURE, BATTERY LASTS FOR MANNY SHOTS
        Takes high quality pictures. Great Black &amp; Whites and Sepia Tone pictures too!
        Nice design, all metal casing
        Compact, nice design, lots of options, good manual options, high quality pictures, easy but powerful
        Ultimate Camera For Anywhere, Anytime, 
        Great Pictures, Easy to Use, Compact
        Nice and small.  Very easy to use. Rechargable battery. 
        Compact, sturdy, versatile, good interface.
        Easy to use , LCD is sharp and clear
        Great interface, many features, easy learning curve.
        Rugged, compact case.  Great optics, manual controls
        Excellent Optics, Easy to use, very powerful, compact.
        Excellent pictures, compact, stainless steel, stitch function, compact flash, takes quicktime movies
        small and metal&amp;#13;&amp;#10;small and metal&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;hey, did I mention small and metal ?
        Small, great Pictures, 3x zoom, Movies and Audio.
        Small, Great (OUTSIDE) Pictures, 3x zoom, Movies and Audio.
        Small, full-featured, great image quality, great price
        Small, full-featured, great image quality, great price
        smart camera for family photos or fun, friendly photos
        Small, Lighweight, Generally good photo's, decent zoom
        Nice, small, and easy to carry around!
        Ultra-compact, very fast, durable, excellent photo quality
        Sleek STEEL body, Great picture quality, nice design.
        Small and durable; Takes Great Photos; 3x Optical Zoom; Easy to Use; Rechargable Battery
        small size, light weight, easy to use, shoots short movie clips, lcd screen, rechargeable battery
        Visual feedback, 1-button access to features, easy review, sound
        Small enough to take everywhere, Easy to upload to any platform. 
        Small Well built
        Makes excellent 4 x 6 prints; has small size and solid, stylish design.
        Excellent craftsmanship, easy to use, brilliant pictures, fast USB, expandable
        Great shots, compact size, easy to manipulate
        Tiny, feature rich, excellent 3X zoom, cool &amp; stylish
        Great design, good picture quality, nice little zoom.
        Picture quality, small size, good looks
        Small, good photo quality, movie mode with sound, good software bundle 
        Extremely small size, fast start up time, ease of use, USB interface
        Tiny, good pictures
        Small, quick and easy to shoot
        Ultra-compact, very fast, durable, excellent photo quality
        Size, built, image quality
        Small size, good battery life, takes video clips
        Very good photos, takes movie clips, rechargeable battery.
        Optical quality, size, software, Picture quality
        small, light weight, quick, excellent build quality, takes great pictures, can shoot movie clips
        Small, almost total steel body, 3x optical, 2.1 megapixel, CF storage, USB connectivity, Lith-Ion battery
        small, light weight, very easy to use
        Small, small, small.  Excellent quality pics, easy to use, good software.  Did I say small?
        Compact Size, Metal Body. 3X Optical Zoom, CF Memory.
        size, photo quality, and flash card storage
        compact, gorgeous, easy to use, tons of options
        Small size, 2 MegaPixel, 3x Optical, stainless steel body, Lotta Features, more
        Small, optical viewfinder, good image quality
        Small, lots of features, good pictures
        Tough construction, small size, lens quality, pleasing design
        Good quality images with the excellent color that I've come to expect from Canon products
        Small, Light, EASY to use, easy to download pictures. Great quality pictures!!
        Compact size, very durable, excellent picture quality, user friendly interface
        This camera is very easy to use, while the quality is high.
        Compact size, Durable case, Many Features, Easy to Use
        Small Size, Easy to Use, Good Picture
        great photos, easy to use
        This camera gives nice 5x7 pictures.
        Quite small.  Good color for pictures
        small, great picture quality, movie mode.
        Small size, build quality and too many other things to list.  
        Compact and portable, takes vivid and brilliant color photographs
        Wonderful zoom, great display, small body but large enough to hold comfortably.
        Great pics,small,features, sound movie, stitch, screen 
        Solid construction, good image quality, clear lcd screen, intuitive menu system
        Compact, light weight, bright LCD,ease of use, support microdrive
        4 MegaPixels, Small Size, Solid Construction, Good Color Saturation
        Battery life, excellent metering system, compact size
        Compact size, low price, image quality, excellent metering.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Small, well designed, good lens &amp; affordable
        Easy to use, good image quality, small size, very nice design
        Compact size, Excellent Picture Quality, Great Features
        Amazing images, easy to use, compact size, mini-movie capability.
        Small size, great resolution, great color, very portable. Both manual and auto modes.
        Bright screen, light weight, intuitive to use
        very nice image, attractive, good ergonomics,  
        Very small for its performance, and durability. Very accurate and sharp pictures.
        Small. Great pictures. Proud owner
        Sleek design, great features, compact
        Relatively small, lens cover, low lag time between photos
        All Metal body, Small and lightweight.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;4.0 megapixels
        Compact, High Quality pictures, and many shooting modes and options.
        Very good quality of the images, Many features. Very rigid.
        Overall styling of camera, quality of images, convenience
        Picture Quality, Continuous Shooting, Customizability, Pretty Good Video with Good Sound, 
        4 MegaPixel, 3x Zoom, FUNC button, compact size, faster start up!
        Ultra-Compact Size, 4 megapixels, 3x Optical Zoom, Mode Dial &amp; FUNC button  
        Small camera with the smallest underwater housing
        small, 4 meg
        Compact, rugged, high-quality images
        resolution, tonal balance, 4 megapixels, 3X zoom, internal processing controls, excellent build quality
        great zoom feature, megapixels improved, compact
        Very small size, nice finish, anti-glare screen, easy - just point-and-shoot
        size, power, functions, ease of use
        Small, solid, well designed, 4mp, 3x zoom, excellent low-light, great pictures!
        Size, 4Mp, easy to use features, fast on time, fast shutter response
        sharp pictures, great prints, easy to use, compact size
        Small size, very attractive, durable construction, 4 megapixels, 3x zoom.
        superb picture quality at 4.0 megapixels, easy to use, small and stylish
        Small, Light, 4.0 MP, Prints Great Pictures, Good Red Eye reduction, 3X Zoom, , , 
        A great camera overeall
        Great image quality, pocketability, canon quality
        small, compact, fast start, great pictures, metal body, great LCD
        Small, lightweight, strong construction
        Size, Images
        Very portable &amp; durable, excellent image quality
        Size, Durability, Color replication is superb for price, few relics, MPEG movies great, 3x optical
        Compact and small, perfect to carry around in a pocket, great pictures, 
        small and lightweight, takes good pictures in right conditions
        Great daily camera.  It goes almost anywhere and takes great photos
        Light and compact, 4 Megapixels, great picture quality, good software
        Costco's add ons (extra batterie and leather case); UNCONDITIONAL MONEY BACK GUARANTEE WITHOUT TIME CONSTRAINT
        Small, 4 megapixels, sleek looking, no delay to snap a picture, idiot proof
        Small, Fantastic Pictures, Bright LCD, Easy to use!
        Compact size, 4 megapixel images, and A great feature set
        Great combination of features from Canon Powershot S230 and G3
        4 Megapixels. Movie mode. Great pictures!
        Excellent photos, Easy to use, Long battery life, Quick
        Small size, great pictures, semi-pro features.
        Great quality photo's, easy to use for a novice and robust case.
        Lightweight, Metal Case, Good Picture Resolution, Features
        Compact size , good quality LCD Display , 4 Megapixel , All professional features
        compact size, all metal case, fast focus
        Excellent pictures, plenty of creative controls and very beginner-friendly too
        Compact, great picture quality, lots of options, raw format available
        Tons of cool features.  Pocket-sized and stylish.  Great for photography novices or enthusiasts.
        Small, feels good in hand, great picture quality, custom controllable shutter speed and aperture
        Compact size, 5 megapixel resolution, ease of use, and lots of creative photography options, 
        High Quality 5MP Pictures, Solid Body &amp; Easy Controls
        Great picture quality, easy user interface on camera
        Feature rich
        The Size gave the neatness of a camera
        5 MegaPixels, Compact design, Good number of features
        Superb image quality, good focusing system, versatile manual controls, small size, quality construction.
        5 MP, manual features, construction, quality pictures, software interface, quick charger.
        Compact size, 5 megapixels,quick charger
        solid,build quality,ease to use,great picture quality
        canon quality, 5MP resolution, essentially a shrunk g5
        High resolution, rugged and fairly compact metal body, advanced features
        Compact Size, Beautiful color, sleek design, 5MP resolution. 
        Solid all metal compact body; Quality Canon lens; Easy to use.
        quality, enlargeable images; sturdy; macro capability
        Black finish, image quality, 5 megapixels.
        Sharp images, excellent color and contrast. Intuitive interface.
        Fast, quality text and photos, easy setup, terrific price
        Good price.  Text/color print is very good and fast.
        Great Price and look
        Amazing price! Great performance!
        compact for small spaces, easy to use, 
        Great price, good quality print in text and photo using gloss photo paper.
        Low price for the printer and ink tanks, small size, print speed and quality
        price, print quality
        Fast Print Speed, Good Black and white Color, cheap ink tanks.
        Prints excellent photo quality, compact, easy use and maintenance, USB
        excellent price, efficient ink usage, quick, decent resolution, crisp text and beautiful photos
        Non
        It's cute, prints great pictures...ink is cheap
        Low price, ease of installation and use, excellent text output and good color output
        quality of text+photos and PRICE of ink!!!
        Prints fast and looks nice. Reasonably priced ink cartridges.
        Cheap, Fast Printing, Cheap Maintenance, fast USB!
        Easy set up, decent speed, prints quietly 
        Stunning text and graphics quality, very fast, cheap to buy, cheap to run
        Great quality,low cost,fast printing
        Easy set up&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Clear instructions&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Mac &amp; PC compatible including OSX
        Print Speed, Software, Print Quality,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Price, Individual Ink Tanks. 
        Quiet &amp; quick; versatile
        Good print quality and speed for home use.
        Colour fidelity and resolution
        Good value, individual ink cartridges, easy to use, fast printing
        Cheap.
        Excellent Print quality, low cost, great inking system, sturdy, well built, looks great.
        Quality printing,easy to use,affordable ink
        4 separate ink cartridges
        Good Quality Print, Inexpensive Purchase Price, Inexpensive Ink Cartridges
        Inexpensive ink. Fast with text.
        silent and quick for a personal use
        Noise level is very tolerable, accepts printer cable or USB. Colors are high quality.
        great photo quality and quick printing
        Attractive printer, easy to use.
        Able to change individual Ink Supplies.
        Uses very little ink so cartridges last, self-cleaning printer head, easy set up.
        Fast, good quality, cheap ink tanks
        Speed, Quality, noise Level
        Excellent Print Quality.
        Outstanding print quality and speed.
        Easy to set up, fast printing, easy ink tanks...everything!
        Blazingly fast.
        Color quality is great, inexpensive, smart ink system!
        It's unbelievably fast, quiet and simple to set up.
        Easy to use, fast printing, good quality photos, ink tank system, software
        none
        Excellent printing quality when it works, Fast and Very Quiet
        ink doesn't dry up in printer, quiet, great quality, great price
        Fast... BLAZING FAST!  Quick and error free 10 minute installation.
        Fast, easy to install, good text and photo output
        stunning colors, black hole text, easy setup,individual inktanks.
        Fastest general purpose inkjet around. Excellent output quality.
        Setup was a snap. Very fast and quiet printing. Great photos. Save on ink cartridges
        Fast, surprisingly good photo printing, quiet
        It's a Canon, great print quality, separate ink replacement tanks, easy to set up
        Astonishingly crisp text. Blindingly fast. Thankfully quiet. Inexpensive individual color ink tanks. Solid
        Truly excels at text and photo printing. Easily networked. Great software.
        This things flies!  Flawless text!  
        Crisp text, dazzling photos, high speed
        Fast, Cheap with Beautiful Color
        Inexpensive, high resolution, 4 cartridge system saves money, fast printer, high quality
        Fast printing, reasonable quality, moderate ink costs
        Multiple Ink Tanks., Low Price., Boarderless Printing.
        easy installation, prints FAST, excellent B&amp;W and color quality
        Speed, Quality, Separate Ink Tanks
        Quiet, fast, nice print quality
        easy set-up, mac compatible, great color quality on regular paper, smooth paper handling
        Fastest quality printer that I've seen.  Good picture quality.
        Suprisingly quick; borderless printing
        separate ink cartridges
        Beautiful photo prints... great color matching. Fast!
        Thrifty operation, excellent photo printing, reasonably fast, works with Mac OS X and OS 9
        High quality photos. Seperate ink tanks. Fast output. Quick drying ink.
        Excellent color and B&amp;W 8" X 10" prints
        Easy setup, Great price, Separate cartridges, USB or Parallel , Very fast prints, Great photo prints
        Inexpensive,Thrifty with ink,Fantastic Photos
        high quality, individual ink tanks, easy to use
        Cheaper than the S820D, excellent photo prints, decent text printing
        Borderless 4x6 and 8.5x11&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Individual ink tanks&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Six color system&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Small 4 Picoliter drops&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Outstanding photo printouts, speedy on photo prints, economical consumables
        Photo Quality rivals traditional prints, Super fast output, Six Ink tanks, Stylish looks
        Absolutely STUNNING photo prints.  
        Quality - Speed - Ink Cost - Color
        Fantastic Photo Output, Very Quiet, Nice Software Bundle
        Outstanding color photos, impressively fast print, excellent technical support.
        Awesome color prints on Canon specialty paper, individually replaceable color cartridges.
        Great quality photos, very fast!,easy hookup.
        Excellent photo quality, speed.
        Great quality photos, relatively quiet, fast
        Excellent photo quality on glossy photo paper, seperate ink color cartridges
        Beautiful casing, extremely fast printing
        Super Fast Incredible Print Quality
        Sharp appearance, Lab quality color, Fast printing, Individual ink tanks
        great photo output, professional brochures, individual ink cartridges, tells you when a cartridge runs out
        Vivid pictures and photographic prints
        Brillian color. Extremely fast.
        Big Beautiful Prints. Super Speedy. Six Ink Tanks. Replaceable Print Head. Up to 13x19 prints.
        It prints beautiful 13 x 19 inch photos!
        Fast, High Quality, and Very Modular
        Good print quality, consistent output, FAST, FAST, FAST.
        Large format picture perfect prints. Super fast.
        Fast, large high-quality prints, easy to install on a Mac system
        excellent quality, speedy prints
        unbelieveable quality on canon paper, super fast,excellent tonal range
        Unbelievable speed. Stunning colour. Ease of set-up
        dazzling 13x19 prints, very very fast
        Outstanding
        perfect prints! Fast printing
        When it printed, that is when it did, graphics were just the greatest.  
         It comes out fast and even.
        Beautiful prints, very fast.
        Beautiful prints right out of the box. Easy to set up and connect. 
        Excellent quality prints
        Prints are beautiful with Canon Photo Paper Pro.
        great printer, excellent results
        The best there is at his time
        Photo quality prints; big 13x19" enlargements; seperate ink cartridges.
        Small size, good pictures. MP3 Player
        Perfect conversation starter, great viewscreen, easy to use, lightweight, Cool Factor, 12MB native memory, Movies!
        In the shop it looked good and worked well.
        easy to use. tiny. audio recorder, MP3 player, camera, and movie recorder in one device.
        small marvel, makes you forget all you know about photography
        VERY CLEAR SHOTS
        ultra compact size, full features, bright display, easy to use menus, mp3 player
        Well constructed. Very small and lightweight. Very crisp LCD display. 
        Super small, bright LCD display, 2.0 megapixels, flash, solid construction, 
        Size, Picture Quality
        Tiny size, fast startup, it just feels right.
        Size, ease of use, powers up quickly.
        tiny size, incredible loading/saving speed, "roomy" built-in memory.
        Size, size, size! Performance.
        Puny! Good quality, decent features, and inexpensive.
        slimmest 2MP camera in the world, minimal shutter lag, output excellent for Web
        Good picture quality.  Tiny size.  Many features.
        EVERYTHING!
        Tiny,Flash(many cardcams lack one),2mb,docking station that charges and uploads via usb(nice looking too!)
        Incredibly small. LCD is very sharp.
        Perfect physical size and user interface.
        Almost everything
        Tiny and lightweight but good build quality. Easy to use, fast startup, very clear LCD.
        compact, light, optical &amp; digital zoom, expandable, crisp 2" LCD
        Size,ease of use,functionality
        super light, quick start up, long battery life, sturdy casing
        Small. Excellent photo quality. Huge LCD screen. Chicks dig it! 
        Size! Obviously. This camera went everywhere I went and no one noticed.
        Small, Lite, simple to use and Very Sheik
        small size!, convenient and easy usability, reasonable solid performance
        Easy to carry - I always have it with me.
        Size is definitely good
        Small, eye catching, convenient, built in memory
        Ultra-compact, solid built metal body, big LCD, great picture quality
        small, lightweight, user friendly, quality pictures, versatile, long-lasting battery
        Superb quality. See my full review for more details.
        Small Size, Easy to use
        Easily concealable, high geek factor, HUGE LCD display, quite user friendly menus
        Its small, lightweight, and fast
        Tiny, full featured, good resolution, large LCD screen
        Ultra-compact size,, 3x zoom,, Nice solid design,, 2" screen
        high quality, easy to use, fast and portable, takes great pictures; tons of fun!
        Small Form Factor, Metal Case, 2" Screen, Pentax Lens
        Very light, excellent macro,excellent portrait with scenery background, easy to use
        - Size, - Looks, - Largest LCD display ever seen, - Image quality, - Portability
        Small, optical zoom, easy to use
        Ease of use, Large LCD Screen, Good Optical Zoom for size
        small size, big 2" LCD, macro distance, preset zoom increments, low shutter lag, manual focus
        Great for travel.  Fast shutter release!  
        Easy to use, lightweight, portable, output to PC &amp; TV, more options
        software is pretty good
        Good starter camera, low price
        easy to use
        multiposition camera lens
        Rotating &amp;quot;eye&amp;quot;, Lightweight
        Great for Tripod shots of items to auction off
        Too many see review
        Cheap, simple.
        Lots of photos, easy to use, cheap!
        Compact Size and Weight, Easy To Use, User Friendly Software
        cheap
        Well Built, Easy to use, Good Software.
        Exceptionally easy to use.
        never used it don't know
        Holds 90+ images, Compatible with PC and Mac formats
        price
        Find them onsale, cheep, decent
        96 image storage capacity, nearly pocket sized
        96 images, file/image size, swivel lens, price &amp;amp; ease of use
        perfect size for uploading to the web; holds the equivalent of 4 rolls of film;good quality pictures
        easy to use
        Good close up photography
        Good pictures
        Great Price, Easy to Use
        Easy to use.
        Easy to use, high image capacity
        Fully featured, very good all-around performance, Canon lens
        Great picture quality, great features for price, USB, easy to use
        DIGITAL
        Good resolution, fast shoot speed, view finder, USB, good panoramic shoot function
        high resolution, zoom feature on preview screen, movie function, fast USB transfer, fancy menu/user interface, manual functions (night mode), and the image transfer that automatically sorts the pictures in a web page format by date thus saving a lot of tim
        Amazing pics, great panorama, movie mode is cool, CompactFlash type 2 support, easy to use, great display, USB, 3x optical 2x digital zoom
        Top quality pictures, ease of use, great choice of modes and individual control.
        good features, great pics
        Nice features set, nice looking Pictures
        Cost-per-pixel, AVI capability, MicroDrive ready
        This camera is a great high quality camera, takes EXCELLENT pictures
        great camera
        Excellent pictures, easy-to-use interface, fast USB download
        Continuous advance; Color, B&amp;amp;W, and Sepiatone modes; will take 400 images @ 1600x1200 with Microdrive
        it is a digital camera, with lcd display and many cool options
        Ease of use. IBM microdrive support Instant gratification Capable of good quality pictures 
        A lot of features for a small price tag.
        Cheap, great image quality, easy file transfer to PC
        Price, Storage capacity, Color accuracy, Flexibility
        Lots of Storage!
        Great image results; many options; lots of storage
        Inexpensive, picture quality good
        Quality Canon lens, great pictures, quality build and feel.
        Pictures are CLEAR and colors are quite VIBRANT! Awesome camera!!
        Excellent picture quality, feels like a real camera, unlike some digitals.  3.34  megapixels non-interlaced.
        IBM microdrive compatibility,standard form factor, high res
        Resolution, image quality, convenient software to download images
        340 Meg IBM Microdrive
        Excellent lens, CFII c Microdrive, Photo quality
        Features, price, relative ease of use.  
        Good digital pictures that are easy to download through a USB connection.
        Great images, flexibility from full automation to manual control, good menu system
        Microdrive is great, large number of pixels, and normal feel to the camera
        Great pictures, lots of storage.
        2x digital,3x optical,IBM 340meg micro-drive, 1.8&amp;quot; TFT display
        Microdrive
        340 mb microdrive for extra storage
        Microdrive, picture quality, ease of use
        Storage Capacity, 3.34 Mpixels, easy to use, nice lens, FUN
        Good resolution and software, 3:1 optical zoom
        Large capacity microdrive
        Tons of memory for taking photos, decent software package, fast downloads
        Microdrive with 340 MB of storage, easy menu set ups,excellent night shot feature.
        Microdrive, Picture Quality
        Picture quality;ease of use; features; viewing options; accurate colors 
        Fun &amp; funky little camera, awesome extra features
        small, handy, decent quality pics
        economical, good close ups
        Nice price and easy to use
        it does it's job, it's small
        Instant pictures, Easy to use, and picture upload time is quick
        Aesthetically-pleasing camera
        takes pictures
        Great image quality, software easy to use
        Many features, easy to use, takes great pics. 8x Optical zoom : 32 digital
        270 degree swivel lens, LCD display, various camera modes
        8x optical zoom, Rotatable lens, Large LCD screen
        Super 8X optical, 4X digital zoom lens. Movie feature. Manual or automatic exposure control.
        Many features, Large LCD display
        light weight, multi-options, great lens
        High-quality pictures, convenience, fun!
        I got to spend more time with my parents when  it made me poor
        Full feature set, easy to use, value.
        8X zoom, exposure control, quality, ease of use, battery life
        Great zoom capability
        Decent pictures
        easy to use, very much features, 32 digital zoom
        Awesome camera!  8x optical zoom, .avi capability, swivel lens and MORE!
        Good pictures,considering the size and resoloution
        You have it with you all the time  little 120X120 pixel pics are clear
        Ease of use, IR capability
        it's a small two-in-one package
        Portability can't be beat
        Just plain COOL
        Unique;add photos to contact numbers; waterproof
        take a picture of anything at whim; people are always surprised at the image quality when you show them the watch display; stores 100 pix on board, and beams to palm and desktop
        endless fun for the spy mentality
        Camera works, even in dim light; easy-to-read LCD screen; many watch functions
        Picture quality less than film-perfect.  Remember, though-it's a WATCH, for goodness sake.
        Light weight, Very maneuverable, Very Attractive, Adjustable, Easy to clean, Accessory extras, Price.
        Lightweight, easy to steer, and sturdy. Inexpensive while big on style!
        Stylish, maneuverable, lightweight.  Easy to store
        so many extras !
        Very lightweight, easy to carry with strap, highly portable
        Lightweight, carrying case, shoulder strap for carrying, reclining seat, rain shield
        reclines folds easily lightweight sturdy comfortable BEATS THE VOLO!
        durable, easily packable, maneuverable, adaptable, lightweight, inexpensive.
        Very Stylish, lightwieght, and compact.
        Lightweight, compact, and reliable.
        Light weight, flight attendants are impressed with its ease of use 
        A+ for stylish. Amazingly lightweight. Shoulder strap is perfect.
        Extremely light-weight
        Light weight, easy opening/ closing.
        Lightweight and compact.
        Lightweight and nice design
        lightweight, reasonably priced, highly manouverable,folds easily,my baby loves it
        Very light, shoulder strap for carrying, the bar detaches for toddlers, easy to fold/unfold
        Great traveling stroller, good for city use, hold up well over time
        Lightweight and compact
        light, great maneuvering, cleans
        Super light, quick 'n' easy fold/unfold, neat canopy pocket, removable front bumper.
        light, comfortable, easy to drive
        Lightweight, easy to fold, store, use, carry.  Great for travel
        Combi is the best in its class.
        light weight,and priced right
        lightweight practical
        Light weight = high speed!
        lightweight, easy to carry and fold
        A dream to drive, light, compact, quality all the way
        light, beautiful
        Lightweight, easy opening, travels great
        folds up small{10 inches wide!},light{7.7lbs}sturdy,several patterns
        Lightweight, easy to fold, easy maneuver
        Weighs less than the average newborn; Folds easily
        Compact, lightweight, and extremely cool
        Lightweight, durable
        lightweight, good for travel
        Lightweight, very compact, has most of the features of a full size stroller
        light, compact, easy to fold, great for travel
        Lightweight, durable
        portable, lightweight, maneuvers like a dream, a cinch to fold
        folds up and opens very easily, is very light
        lightweight, compact, attractive, large canopy, easy to maneuver
        lightweight
        lightweight and easy to use
        lightweight, attractive
        Light weight with the comfort of the full-size stroller
        Light, easy-to-use, stylish
        super lightweight, folds up small, maneuvers in small places
        lightweight;drives smoothly; attractive design
        Lightweight, compact, folds up small, looks cool
        Only stroller that fits in ALL overhead bins; very light&amp;#9;&amp;#9;
        light, folds small, easy to steer, comfortable
        folds very small; very lightweight; seat back easily adjustable
        light weight, very compact
        Folds up Compactly, Lightweight
        Super light and compact.  Can be pushed when folded.
        small and lightweight
        lightweight, easy to fold up to fit in small places, great for travel
        Very light and narrow.  Extremely easy to get through narrow aisles.
        &lt;b&gt;Lightweight&lt;/b&gt; ~ 12 pounds!
        Size, weight, coolness
        Lightweight stroller that easily folds for compact storage
        Lightweight and very compact when folded.
        Very lightweight and compact, comfortable, turns easily even when heavy.  
        LIGHT!!  Folds up and STANDS!! Combi attention to detail!
        Light, folds up small!
        weight, folding mechanism, cupholders
        Compact, easy to open and close, great for on the go parents
        compact, double fold, nylon fabric
        Narrow enough to fit through doors
        lightweight, peek through window
        Steers well, lightweight, easy to use, fits through doors
        Lightweight, easy to set up and fold down.
        On paper, this could be a great stroller.
        Folds compact,stands upright,lightweight,contemporary black licorice color
        Lightweight/compact, full recline, ease of fold/unfold and attractive
        accomodate infant seat, compact and light weight.
        lightweight, folds easily with one hand, steers well
        light weight, easy to use, can be used with car seat
        Lightweight, easy to use, one handed steering
        The only stroller you will ever need! 
        Lightweight,compact, carry strap, cup/bottle holders, receives car seat, speaker system, maneuvers easily, expandable hood
        lightweight
        Lightweight, Music-wired, Compatible with infant carriers, Fully reclining, stylish, ON SALE:babyage.com 
        steers easily with one hand, light weight
        lightweight, compact, easy to steer, convenient
        lightweight, easy to fold
        Stylish and lightweight, easy to use with infant carriers
        Very Lighweight, Sturdy, Folds up small
        Easy and smooth 3 position recline.  Plush fabric. Very lightweight and easy fold. Good maneuverability.
        Good if you are rich
        light, compact, many features
        lightweight, small, great for travel
        Easy to transport, good overall quality
        Lightweight
        Small, compact, easy to use
        full recline in a lightweight (10 lbs) stroller, perfect match system, one-hand fold
        Very lightweight, easy to fold, attractive.
        It prints.
        It works, it was free
        Compact
        It "looks" cute, Simplistic design, reasonable price tag.
        Easy set up and use.
        Good quality
        Great Ink Jet Printer For Basic Computer Users
        Cheap
        Quality of printing
        Cheap and Small
        a little cheap
        Price
        quality
        Costs very little; mine was $60 when new 2 years ago!
        Not a one.
        Prints on virtually any media, great quality prints.
        Does a good job printing
        Great for printing paragraphs or letters
        Easy to use
        decent printer
        great color and fast printing
        Great price
        Good for the home users, entry-level unit, inexpensive.
        Inexpensive, practical, easy to use
        cheap, easy to use
        Nice and Neat
        The black and white printing
        Price,Speed,Print quality
        Big dpi , good price, doesn't take up much room.
        Cheap, Easy to use, Good cartoon quality, cute!
        Low cost, easy set up
        petite, practical, picture quality
        Great at the price
        Not ONE!
        It was free
        easy to set up, good for small printing jobs
        physical changing of cartridge is easy
        colored ink, cartridge easy to replace
        Came with the computer. Good for basic, minimal printing.
        Incredibly fast black &amp; white printing.  VERY cheap for what you get.
        Good inexpensive printer. Nice prints. Easy on ink.
        Easy to use and install cartridges.
        Worked for a while
        it has lexmark technology
        Incredibly fast black &amp; white printing.  VERY cheap for what you get.
        the printing is a very clear..
        Great printer, great price, easier fit for a crowded desk area
        Excellent photo copies
        Great quality, text and picture
        Fast, Good Black Quality
        small, easy-to-use, comes with color and ink cartridges free
        uses the lexmark print driver and produces an acceptable photo output
        Very inexpensive, high quality printing.  Easy to use.
        Very fast black &amp; white as well as color copies, very easy to use
        Very affordable printer
        Free with PC purchase
        Small size, great print quality, uses dual cartridges, easy install
        Familiar software interface
        Inexpensive, free you buy a packaged deal with a Compaq computer, dual cartridge system.
        affordable, efficient, FAST!
        quality printouts, dependable
        Good quality printing
        Color quality
        Great printer
        Does everything I need it to do.
        great quality
        decent price, decent pictures
        The Software, When There Is Ink It Actually Will Print, Doesn't Take Up Much Space
        FAST,CLEAR
        It works
        quality, speed
        fast, sharp printing
        Good quality at a good price!
        inexpensive
        none
        Good Quality
        Fast, reliable, good print quality
        Everything
        Package deals make it more affordable.
        it works
        cheap, Compaq does honor the warranties
        excellent choice for creating rough drafts.  It produces quick.
        Good quality print, Compaq support was great (once they were on the phone line).
        Excellent design to this camera
        Small size, microscreen in viewfinder, 3x optical zoom
        Cheap, 3X optical zoom, reasonable quality, small and cute
        Small, 3x optical zoom, intuitive controls.
        It is a very small and handy camera 
        Walmart price of $60; USB connection; easy to use.
        Beautiful design quality.
        Sleek design and ease of use.
        built in memory, low price, zoom
        Price, lots of pictures.
        Cheap. Light. Small. Macro. Big memory. Good battery life.
        Inexpensive, connection via USB port, works as a webcam
        Size, Weight, Picture Quality, Memory Size, USB connection
        Functions very well as a webcam, good storage capacity
        Very small; cheap; fast; easy to use; stores 100+ photos; usb; long battery life
        *Small Portable digital camera, *Good cam for first use , *Very easy to install
        USB, 8MB Flash, Video recording, timer.
        price and 8 megs of memory
        inexpensive, lightweight, video recording capable, 8 Megs, 500 Photos or 4.5 mins
        cheap, dual mode (digital camera &amp; webcam), mgi software included
        compact, nice looking, flash, good quality pics during day light, 8 mb memory
        price, small size, easy to use, easy to download. 
        none
        Small
        convenient and very easy to use;takes good photos when edited properly
        Relatively inexpensive, holds a lot of pictures
        cheap, functions good
        Economically Priced
        Low price, USB connection, 8 mb RAM
        Good quality when used with good conditions.
        small and has multiple functions with a nice usb connection
        Small, inexpensive, multiple use
         *Easy setup&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Small Footprint.&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Quiet&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Excellent print quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Fast&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Toner Lasts forever&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Great price!
        Fast and Excellent Quality
        size, price
        Ease of use, durability, quality
        sleeky,good
        speed, simplicity, quality output
        Useful cardboard box
        low cost
        ?
        good for rough drafts only
        Quality, price, easy to use 
        Cheap, Quite good picture quality, Extremely easy to use
        Inexpensive, easy to use, reliable.
        Very easy to use, good features and quality pictures. USB
        Good Quality, Price, Features and Ease of Use
        great pictures, fast downloads, nice camera body, customer support
        Easy to operate/makes great pictures
        Inexpensive.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Takes excellent pictures.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great screen for preview viewing.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB-enabled and ComactFlash.
        Inexpensive, easy to use, reliable.
        could have a little more memory
        none
        great pictures, great price, easy to figure out
        A fun camera that takes great pictures.
        Cost, USB compact flash, ease of use
        Easy to use
        USB transfer, price, picture quality
        Very easy to use
        high quality with a low price
        37mm threads, LCD Screen, Price, Quality, Everything!!
        light weight, easy to use
        Low Price, Compact, Viewfinder
        cheap, good pictures
        Ease of use, megapixel res, low cost, fast, USB transfer
        good clear picture
        Price, easy to use, good quality pictures
        Good resolution, and a ton of extra features
        8mb Memory Included, Card Reader Included, Can be connected to PC or TV
        easy to use, great pictures, low light, threaded lens for filters
        LCD screen
        great resolution, usb transfer
        good resolution in this price range, easy operation, lens mount, tripod mount
        EASY TO USE, good pictures, lots of options, compact and lightweight
        Very sturdy, very comfortable in the hand, good pictures.
        No more film to purchase or fees for developing film.
        Easy to use, shaped like a normal camera, good price-performance match.
        Perfect pictures, easy to use
        Easy to use...many functions at the clik of a finger...
        Easy to use; good photos for the price.
        size, quality of photos, features, ease of use.
        Very nice camera, very affordable
        Easy to use.  Sharp lens.  Very rugged.
        Fabulous picture quality, lightweight, good bundle &amp;amp; features
        hi pict mode, sharpness, clarity, good color
        Easy to use, excellent quality photos.
        Fairly good results for the resolution,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good features
        Ease of Use w/ Numerous Camera Features
        great results, easy to learn
        Image quality, speed, battery life, storage capacity
        easy to use, Epson quality &amp;amp; support, light, ergonomic
        Great  pictures!
        A very complete quality electronic photo system
        Super Photos, long battery life
        Great picture quality even at low resolution
        Good resolution, zoom, memory, rechargeable batteries, software, LED screen, and photo options at a reasonable price.
        Picture quality,  3 X zoom
        Great Resolution- Awesome Zoom-Led Screen -NIMH Rechargeable Batteries-4 Meg Internal Memory- 8 Meg Flash Card-Charger and great software
        High Quality Photos; Respectable Price
        solar powered display, 3X zoom
        12 mb memory(8+4), 3x zoom, spiffy sunlit LCD, good battery life, smooth LCD function
        takes abuse, easy to use
        nice features, good shots
        Small size, excellent image quality, easy to use
        USB, 1900 res, User Adjustable Features, 2x Zoom, 
        Small and lightweight
        USB, electronic features
        easy to use,custom settings,compact size
        Small size, good image quality, 2x option,
        Very nice; easy to use; prints directly to any Epson Printer; Many adjustments; Amazing resolution; Supports USB; Both Mac and Win;Embedded LCD 1.8&amp;quot; TFT 
        small, good focus, no red eye
        small, lightweight, excellent photo quality, comes with rechargeable batteries, color, black and white or panoramic shots
        High quality images. Durable!
        lens work well
        Superior pictures
        Easy to use, great quality, great value, great flexibility.
        Great camera
        Great pix; bright LCD; good battery life
        high resolution-1984 x 1488, solar panel for sunlight and battery life,other battery saving functions,USB &amp;amp; serial port connections,nice zoom-optical &amp;amp; digital, takes CompactFlash memory cards up to 128 mg
        Great Price, Great Photos, Great Features
        Good features vs. price
        Excellent picture quality,user friendly,conventional &amp;amp; digital zoom,lens adapter
        Loads of Features; Great Image Quality; Energy Efficient
        money, time, results
        Picture quality
        USB Port and Rechargeable Batteries Come w/ This Camera
        Takes very good pictures, probably the most well-rounded 2 megapixel camera out there
        Tons of fun!
        High quality pictures. 2 pixels!
        Decent price, decent quality - nothing special tho
        Small, quiet, simple to operate, pretty decent customer service.
        Wow...  U.S.B., Whats NOT to like... (well there's...)
        It was FREE, bundled with my new Dell.
        price, print quality
        Good Print Quality, light weight, good cartridges, USB, Easy Operation, Good Software
        Cheap, USB, simple to operate
        price! usb hookup, simple setup, great when used with ink refiller sets
        It was free with my Gateway computer.
        Cheap Printer
        Inexpensive
        None
        quality, fast b/w, ink lasts long
        Cheap...mine was free. easy to install. USB connection. XP friendly.
        Good photo and print quality, paper handling, software utility.
        superb color quality, easy to change toner, separate black and color cartridges
        It's cheap and it looks nice.
        Cost, easy install WIN2k, Cost of Ink, Quality of print.
        excellent photo quality, relatively fast (in economy mode)
        inexpensive
        Low Cost Ink, Average Quality (Prints), USB
        Very nice text and photo printing.
        Cheap printer. Wide paper capacity
        Cheap
        Cheap. 
        Cheap, good quality prints (for the price), fast
        cheap - good quality if you have time to wait.
         Space saving printer.Inexpensive.
        Easy to set up uses both types of hook ups USB and Parallel
        Price, size, quality
        Fast easy setup, picture perfect photo's, low price
        Great print quality and fast
        Price, Quality of Print, Design, Ease of Use
        One of the best printers on the market. 
        Great quality printer that comes complete with all manufactures supplied accessories.
        Cheap, superior color prints on photo quality paper, easy to set up and use. 
        Excellent ease of use, fast printing and a sleek easy to use design.
        good paper feeding, long-lasting ink, helpful print options
        Low cost and fast compared to many other inkjets
        Good. Light, affordable, just like the C80.
        Sleek looking, prints quickly, hardly know it is on
        Good print quality, overall good value - typical of Epson
        Fast, great print quality, easy to set up and use
        Good quality print images
        Prints nicely and quickly, Affordable price
        Excellent quality, value, &amp; price. NOT loud.
        inexpensive, pretty good photo quality, fast for b&amp;w
        Low Cost, Compatible with Windows XP
        Amazing Quality and Fast
        Great Color, low price Parallel Port
        Braggers Rights Special: Makes the most expensive unimpressive photo prints!
        Fine print quality, fast enough for home use, and the price is right.
        Quick, great resolution
        Price
        Quick Printing, decent quality but excellent quality for price.
        good quality, fast printing, compact
        Price, After Market ink, Speed
        Good print quality, relatively fast, very inexpensive
        Quick printing, styling and easy buttons
        Excellent print and graphics.
        Prints fast, easy to use, inexpensive
        Cheap
        super high quality printings which are highspeed. Fast loading w\ choice of USB , 
        Very affordable, easy to use
        cheap, also works in Linux, currently easy to find
        Good price, prints fast
        Fast printing, pretty nice photos
        Printing Speed, Print Quality, Reliable paper feed mechanism
        Quick printing, looks nice, affordable, easy to use.
        great value for money, good quality printouts
        Fast, Easy-to-Use, Good Print Quality
        Very simple to use and quite small for storage.  It's also really cheap!
        Fast, clean printing. Software shows ink levels which, alone, is worth the purchase.
        Great price, quality print, easy to use, relatively few jams
        good print quality for the price
        Print Quality is excellent, fairly fast
        Good price, easy to use, good B&amp;W quality, sleek design, fast B&amp;W printing
        Can't tell whether the photo is from Target or from the C62.
        Size, speed, stylish, affordable
        good quality for the money; inexpensive ink replacement cartridges
        Small and compact size. Leave lots of room on the desk, when space is minimal.
        price, set up, speed
        Quality
        Awesome print quality for the price, easy to use, small in design.
        Excellent print quality
        Cheap, Reliable Brand, does the simple jobs
        Affordable, quality build, brand name, USB/PPort options, good print quality, CHEAP
        Good Value, separate ink cartridges, Windows XP Drivers, Fast
        Separate ink cartrigdes, very quiet, very fast, high-quality, solid construction, reliable, long-lasting ink, never jams
        Excellent photo printing and fast text output.
        Excellent sharp, clear, photo quality prints. Quiet, very easy to use..seldom jams!
        Sturdy, fast in draft mode, low ink indicators.
        Ink is in separate cartridges, fast dry time, smudgeproof
        Quality print, separate cartridges and a decent price.
        Great Speed, Water Resistant Ink, Individual Color Cartridges, Highly Reliable, Great Looking.
        very clear printing
        fast, reliable, high quality
        Inexpensive, exceptional graphic/photo print quality, fast, laser-crisp text, individual ink cartridges (inexpensive as well)
        A speedy printer, basic and economical. 
        Fast, relatively quiet, excellent print output
        Fast print speed, waterproof ink
        Fast, easy software installation, DuraBright water resistant ink.
        Fast, quality printing for any project
        Colors are in separate cartridges, relatively quiet printing.
        Light, Good Quality, Fast, Reliable.
        Slick design, High quality, Waterproof ink! Fade resistant ink! ink monitor, fast.
        Excellent print quality, particularly photographs. Solid as a rock.
        Beautiful output when new; easy to setup
        Very Fast, Brilliant Color, Long-Lasting Cartridges
        4 separate ink cartridges means value
        Fast, cheaper ink than HP
        Separate ink cartridges
        Speed; print quality; separate ink cartridges; price
        Nice print outs - once you get it going
        Great quality and even greater price!
        Separate Ink Carts - Fast - Easy to Use
        water resistant/ fade resistant ink Really fast! Individual ink cartridges
        Easy Setup, Crisp Clear copies, Fast printing
        Very fast, quiet printer
        Speedy, and individual colour cartridges.  Out tray folds up to save space.
        Great quality for reasonable price
        Great Print Quality, Speedy SPEEDY Printing, 4 cartridges instead of 2
        Easy USB setup, individual color cartridges.
        Lightening speed! Prints so much cleaner w/the separate inks.
        Quiet, good text printing performance
        Fast, very good plain paper photo printing
        Epson does not fail with this printer.  It's a winner
        separate cartridges, fast, quiet, efficient ink usage
        Great print quality
        Was recommended highly by many people., Printed well in black and white and in color.
        Fast color print and great quality
        Fast, cheap, great quality, Mac/PC compatible, USB, Easy to use, nice design
        fast, quiet and great quality print
        improvements over previous models, speed, quality, low level of noise
        Fast,Great Photos,Inexpensive to use,Sturdy
        Speed!!!. Durabrite Inks. Separate ink tanks.
        Photo ink lasts 75 years
        Great quality, Fast, quiet after start up
        Print preview saves from printing headaches!  Fast.  Print DOUBLE SIDED
        nice fashion for  the new year
        The Stylus C80 prints very fast colors do not run together the prints dry quickly
        Great quality (text, photo), fast printing, individual color ink cartridges, long-lasting pigment inks, solid driver
        Fast, good color and can use permanent inks.
        Lightweight. Compact. Fast.
        inexpensive
        Fast and cheap, Inks are great (and expensive). Parallel interface works with print servers.
        Great price, great quality, fast printer, nice straight-forward design and function
        Epson Brand Name, Quality of Printing, Ink Cartridges
        Great quality printing
        Individual ink cartridges, speed, nice black text print, parallel port
        Fast Printing, Great Images and text, easy to setup.
        EXTREMELY Fast, Great price, Photos are great
        Speed, Seperate Ink Cartridges, High Quality Text
        4 separate ink cartridges to save $$$, very decently priced, color prints are great
        Well its fast and inexpensive
        Exceptional photo printing from a multi-use printer
        Great price 39.98 after rebate at best buy. 
        Easy to install; fast printing;  attractive style
        Very fast printing, cheap price, good quality,seperate ink cartridges.
        Fast, Individually Ink Cartridges,, DurabriteLong Life Inks.
        great picture and text quality...separate color ink tanks is good.
        High speed, Photo quality print
        - Speed, - Instant dry ink, - separate big ink tanks, - BRILLIANT photo prints
        Extremely fast, Separate inks, High resolution photos, Easy set-up
        Easy Set Up.
        Paper feed, text and image quality are fine, it gets things done generally
        handles 11x17 paper
        workhorse
        Affordable
        resolution and speed
        Oversize paper capability
        High quality prints, fast output, reliability
        Great Quality can print up to 16.5 by 21.5
        Prints on large paper, good quality color, fast, reliable
        High quality output, fast, 1440 dpi, 11&amp;quot; x 17&amp;quot; paper
        Nice big color at a bargain price
        beautiful print quality
        great color, easy setup, prints large-format, PostScript available as an option
        excellent print quality on a variety of paper types
        large format
        Larger format, fast when it works
        Excellent print quality and will print on any paper stock.
        Great color; crisp prints
        High quality, quick and quiet
        Great photo-quality high res prints
        great output; good color, fast and reasonable price
        Speed, Color, Everything
        Great quality color prints, large format for printing banners
        The print quality and the fact that it can print many sizes of paper. 
        Accepts quite large format paper and prints using nearly all the space
        Excellent print quality, Quiet, Prints on almost any paper and or transparency.
        Inexpensive to buy; inexpensive non-epson cartridges available; simple to operate.
        Inexpensive printer, but good photos on plain paper, if you do it my way.
        Inexpensive,good creative software,
        Clear printing, easy to use.
        Very easy to operate and install cartridges
        Cheap, Good Quality Text, Cheap Ink
        Cheap, Well-Quality Prints
        price, speed, quality of print
        Decent color printing
        Good quality
        good quality, quick printing for IJ
        Fantastic Price and Solid Construction
        good black and white, time
        Looks pretty good...
        prints fairly fast, cartridges easily changed
        Good Working and cheap!
        Easy to use and maintain.  
        Cheap price and refills
        Cheap - Colors are Bright
        Price
        Low cost, Good Print quality
        Good print quality.
        Price, features, reliability, cartridges, software
        cheap
        Easy to use, reliant
        quality, price, size
        Great bargain; acceptable speed and print quality; mechanically reliable
        Cheap and runs economically.
        Print Quality, Color Printing
        price, dpi, ease of set up
        I wouldn't be without this printer
        Great value at just under $100
        Great for the price
        Cheap, easy to use
        Great price,Great color
        Cheap, Bundled with Good Software
        great price, great quality for an entry level printer
        Inexpensive
        Prints very quickly
        A fast, high quality printer
        Clear Printing
        quality text, cheap
        Very Affordable , Reliable and Space Saver 
        Good quality for the Price
        Easy to use
        Good Price
        None
        Fairly quiet, fair speed, reasonable print quality
        cheap
        Highest print quality in its class.
        prints great pictures
        excellent color matching, excellent photo printing, sharp line edges, dark printing, nifty operating program
        Good text.
        great value for the price
        least expensive we could find
        Pretty good quality printing
        Inexpensive Cost/Good software bundle
        Superior print quality, cheaper ink
        cheap, good vivid color, great for the price!
        Good quality, fast, well made, can get cheap ink.
        Small, nice pictures.
        Can't find any yet
        cheap
        Great durability
        Very cheap
        Good quality for the price
        Fits in dustbin easily
        pretty clear printing... when it does
        Cheap purchase price
        Cheap
        Speed and quality
        Price, reliability, ease of setup
        Good for printing documents up to 30 pages
        decent photos
        Prints nicely when it prints.
        No maintenance, ink is affordable
        Affordable
        low price, quality
        Inexpensive, easy to use
        Very good for the price
        Well, it works as a paper holder.
        Wait, I'll think of one ... just give me more time...
        Can produce some very clear work 
        affordable ink, affordable printer, long-lasting, no paper jams, easy to install
        Cheap, good color, easy to use
        Easy to Use. Great for limited home use.
        Inexpensive, good quality, good paper handling
        Cheap, works
        Cheap
        Lasting Ink Cartridges
        Cheap.
        You get what you paid for.
        Prints great - fast and accurate - prints great pictures.
        Nice design, excellent quality (on quality paper), good price
        Dirt Cheap after Rebate.
        excellent printer for the money
        Cheap, excellent print quality, easy to set up, fairly quick.
        Cheap and Happy
        I can't think of one
        Very good print output quality and inexpensive.
        Easy to install
        good price
        Great price, good quality output, just works.
        Cheap. Good Print-outs
        Good color, relatively trouble-free operation.
        Very cheap, Low cost if you use generic carts, Top Notch output on glossy paper...
        Cheap, easy to use, good output, great software, cheap ink refills
        Great inexpensive printer that delivers unexpectedly good quality print
        Amazing printing quality for such a cheap printer
        low initial price
        Inkwells refill easily.
        Print quality was nice for home printing with color
        cheap price, ease of use
        Very good print quality for text, graphics and photos.
        Inexpensive, good quality print, generic cartridges are cheap.
        cheap, cheap, cheap. Excellent text and photo quality prints. 
        Nothing
        Fast, good quality, never jams
        Super
        Great for any project. bright and clear
        price
        Can print very well at times, fairly priced
        Great quality images at an acceptable page/minute speed
        kinda inexpensive, works well for the most part
        Price, quiet, fast
        At least you can read what it prints
        Great price on refurbs
        Great Text And Photos
        inexpensive, great support
        Price seemed good when I bought it.
        Fast text printing. Good quality image printing. 
        excellent photographic quality, easy to set-up and install, great all round printer
        Good Quality Fast Easy to use
        Easy to use, good quality, reasonably priced, 
        color quality
        Affordable, if not free with computer packages.
        print quality
        great print quality, great price
        Great price, excellent performance and value
        price, quality
        easy to operate
        Printout quality is great, speed is good
        good color
        great photo reproduction
        print quality, price, versatility
        Affordable printer that produces exceptional quality every time.
        Great value
        Small
        Easy to use/setup, separate black &amp;amp; color cartridges, handles heavier paper
        cost, reliability, simple to use
        durable, easy to use
        Excellent software programs
        Cheap, awesome printer in general
        Efficient, Quick, Easy to Use
        Fast, efficient
        Good print quality, paper never gets jammed, good price
        1440x720 dpi, Low price, compact size
        Prints superbly on Glossy and Inkjet Paper
        Its cheap
        low price, great if used every day
        Connects to Mac and PC, Very Good Output For The Price
        Quality, Easy to use/maintain
        Great Quality and Affordable
        really great quality printing
        clear printing, about average print time
        Good Picture Quality
        Inexpensive to purchase
        easy to navigate site, excellent prices
        Quality printing, variety of models
        Good quality printing
        Print job and Ink level monitor
        Excellent print quality, good speed, easy to set up
        Price performance ratio
        Great Print Quality
        Nice support personnel at Epson. 
        quiet
        V.good print quality
        Warranty-2 years
        Very Good Text, Great Graphics and Photos
        Cheap, easy to use, produces some good results.
        Low cost,  nice output on various media.
        Reliable and  TOUGH!  Performs to Specs.
        Easy Installation, Fast
        back loading, easy to use, ink meter 
        Relatively cheap
        Everything
        Great quality print, Prints on any weight of paper, dependable
        Good print quality for average home users, small footprint, affordable.
        Its Color
        Started off nice
        EXCELLENT photo quality with the right paper, text prints very well, GREAT speed.
        Easy to use and setup, decent quality, reliable
        fast, high resolution, no smear, cost
        nice quality, good price
        easy to use, good text and graphics quality
        None
        Hey, I got a great price on it
        The price; versatility; not bulky. 
        cheap, good print quality on special papers
        Great color and photo printouts for the price
         Reliable Printer, Great Quality
        Reliable, powerful, sweet
        Good printer
        used to work
        Great text and photo output on special paper; Cheap; Lots of driver customizations
        cheap, good print quality
        Beautiful print quality, inexpensive printer
        Decent photo printing, clear color and B&amp;amp;W, good price
        Fast printing, Cheap
        great quality, ink lasts long good price
        cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap!
        Excellent print quality, adjustable settings to photo quality for people, nature, etc.
        True 4-color printing, good performance on plain paper
        Cheap, easy to set up
        Good quality print
        Durable, Good Quality, Inexpensive
        fast printing, excellent quality, very inexpensive
        cheap
        price, quality of printing
        fast and good quality
        High resolution
        Nice print quality
        Priced right   good service   nice print
        Inexpensive, stunning photo-quality, and great status icons
        Good printing quality
        Good Print Speed, nice quility, clean text and picture, price,
        good, cheap fast printer
        Crisp print-outs, excellent text documents, pretty good picture prints.
        Cheap, great print quality
        Great text and color quality
        Good print quality, good price, decent configuration options
        great quality, fairly quiet, cheap!
        Versatility and enlargements also very inexpensive and fast for the money
        It prints nice and clear copies 
        Price
        Efficient.Fantastic pictures with professional quality!
        Convenient (Semi)Photo-Quality Output, Low Priced Printer and Consumables
        Low price, great output quality on coated paper, USB connectivity.
        Great print quality. Easy to use.
        Excellent color. Great price.
        Good for a short while.
        Great value compared to an HP Ink-Jet P2200.
        Great photo reproduction on photo paper, quick, cartridges easy to refill.
        Fast, no jamming, inexpensive ink, inexpensive PRINTER for that matter
        none
        Speed and Print Quality
        6 ppm black, 5 ppm color - 1440 x 720 dpi - insanely inexpensive!
        Low price.  Solid product.
        Color, fast, ease of use
        High photo color quality at a great price!
        Fast, Impecable Quality
        cheaper ink refills made by Amazon, easy to use, inexpensive overall cost
        Great quality text and Graphics
        Easy to set up, easy to use
        Price, speed, dependability
        ink level indicators when printing
        Fast, Quality, Inexpensive
        Good for the price
        cheap, clear printing and good software
        Inexpensive, Great black and white output
        Small, great print quality
        affordable, good quality, good for projects, etc.
        Inexpensive, good quality
        Great quality. Inexpensive
        none
        Quality Name.
        Excellent print quality, Ease of use, Price is affordable
        Great quality when it works right
        Cheap, good quality prints
        Cheap; compatible with a wide variety of connections; decent text printing.
        I enjoy printing out copies using this printer!
        excellent printer!
        average speed lower price
        nice quality output (especially on coated paper), quiet
        Super output quality, simple installation at a remarkable price
        great color
        Amazing Price, Great Quality, Total Connectivity
        The printouts are great! The quality is very good and the price is very affordable.
        Faster than other models
        excellent image quality, decent speed, good looking
        Quality color picures.
        print quality, price, USB connectivity
        USB, Picture Quality, ease of use, Software Bundle
        Razor Sharp Photographic Quality
        quality print, &amp;quot;dry&amp;quot; ink, reasonable speed
        Nice quality, Low Cost
        Good print quality, ease of use
        Good quality prints, reasonably priced
        Good accuracy, good quality, cheap
        Easy set-up, ease of use, excellent print quality, ease of maintenance
        Fast , cheap, easy to use, Exceptional color quality
        Quality
        Easy to use, good quality, cost.
        Smallest Dot, superb color picture quality on Plain Paper
        Superior quality
        Quality, Ease of use, Technical support, Customer Service
        Print quality, reliability, included software
        amazing print quality, beautiful prints
        Easy to use, inexpensive, excellent color quality, compares favorably to an Alps photo printer
        OK OUTPUT
        Good quality text and graphics, reasonably fast
        Very high print quality, easy setup with Macintosh
        Fast print speeds, average cost of consumables, and USB support
        fast, great color
        USB connection, low price consumables, excellent all around mid-range printer
        sturdy, separate ink, photo quality, multi-connect
        Excellent print quality, fast text printing
        For the price, it is a great printer
        Fast,Easy to use
        Prints fast, feeds one paper at a time
        Speed, cartridge life, price
        I can't think of any!
        Cheap; High Quality; Printer Software Included
        its aight
        Color output great, easy to use, installs in minutes
        Fast, beautiful prints, Cheap
        Good fast quality.
        Great-quality prints
        High Quality Printouts, Cheap, Durably
        USB, amazing quality for its low cost
        Great print quality and speed.  Handles stacks of ANY size card or envelope.
        price, ease of operation, resolution
        Spectacular photo quality output potential
        good all purpose printer
        never breaks
        Nice printing, even on index cards and envelopes, Good price!
        great printing quality, reasonable purchase price
        Great photo printing, great price.
        Price, printed images
        Decent quality output, good software
        Easy to use and not very expensive!
        speed when frequently used.
        Easy to set up USB, price, color printing quality
        Dependable hardware, excellent print quality
        Very fast, High Quality
        fast and good and cheap
        Great color, great quality, great service
        Nice print quality
        Great quality professional looking printing
        Great Product, Support
        Near Laser Quality and beautiful photos made inexpensively.
        Outstanding customer service
        good quality, good price, windows/mac compatible
        Quality, Price, Compatibility
        A great, cheap little printer.
        Fast printing, photo like quality
        Quick, crisp copies
        Great Quality, Good Price
        Just about everything!
        value
        Great software included!
        Color print quality,price,ease of use
        Cheap for the quality
        grrrrreat photo quality
        Great quality printing
        Beautiful output!
        Great Home Printer, Image Quality on Glossy is Great!, Ease of Setup, Ink Cartridge Install is soo easy!
        Great detail, high dpi
        Excellent Quality Photos
        beautiful photo quality, reliable performance, great printer driver
        Good quality printing
        Mac &amp;amp; Windows Compatibility
        prints without jamming
        Good for text
        great value, decent quality
        Good Value
        Cheap, good printing
        great quality, low, low, low initial price.
        Beautiful print quality at first
        good photo printing
        Photo quality color and laser sharp text.  Quick and easy setup.
        Very high quality prints or fairly quick prints at lower resolutions
        good print quality, easy setup, USB/Parallel support
        inexpensive, great printing
        Print Quality, reliable, good speed, paper handling, cheap ink available
        good price
        Great color printing, excellent paper handling, USB and serial capable (Mac)
        High quality printing, multi-platform, reasonable image quality, good value
        Really Great Looking Pictures. Good Price. 
        Excellent print quality
        Inexpensive, good print quality
        High Quality Printing-especially when used on photo paper; &lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;rarely&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt; jams;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to Use
        Very high quality, quick text printing, vibrant colors.
        Fast, good print quality, versatile, customizable driver, cheap inks
        Great quality, robust, reliable
        I can't think of any.
        Pretty good quality, fast text and low-quality printing, inexpensive
        price
        Good Color
        print speed
        Kicky design, quality performance
        6 ppm black 5 ppm color, long lasting ink cartridges
        Free, good quality, reasonable speed
        Looks nice, works well, not too expensive
        ease, speed, reliability, quality
        Small, cool looking, and good color
        Quality, price, ease of use, speed
        $50 Rebate, Good Quality, Fast, True Color, Accurate, Came With 3 Software Titles
        Quality, Fast, Easy, Good for Photos
        Great print quality for the money. 
        Easy to use, cheap, doesn't gobble ink, cartridges are easy to load, quality pictures
        Excellent printing time
        good quality, not too expensive
        All around quality
        Great B&amp;amp;W quality, Mac and PC compatible, USB
        good quality print, reliable 
        Resolution, Price, Size
        Price
        prints well, easy to install
        Easy to Install, Ink cartridges are reasonable, easy to use, PC &amp; Mac compatible
        high quality print. separate ink cartridges.
        cheap, reliable and small
        Inexpensive printer.  Multiple ways to hook it up.
        Nice graphics
        Inexpensive, Good Quality
        Good black text, nice and sharp., Vivid color graphics.
        Very good quality prints
        It works great!
        Great colors, fast speed, flexible settings
        Fast, quiet, great color
        Fast, affordable, very quiet
        Excellent photo output, USB
        Easy to set up and use, good overall performance.
        Great quality, lots of software options
        Good print quality
        Very quiet, great prints, nice software package included
        Print quality in both colour and B/W, Speed, nice interface, ink life, amazing quality even on standard A4 paper,
        photo quality, usability, noise level
        Print quality, Speed, Price
        Inexpensive, excellent print quality, fast printing
        cheap, quiet, great text, nice color
        Cheap buying cost, easy to use, great support
        Inexpensive, high quality
        great print quality
        Speed
        Good print quality, speed, original cost
        Price, simple and reliable, quiet operation
        Fast, cheap, great quality
        Nice Photo Quality, Fast B&amp;W CHEAP
        cheap, good speed, suffices everyday needs
        Inexpensive, high quality print outs, easy set up
        Price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quality of print&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of setup
        Great Quality pictures, great black &amp; white. Easy to install.
        Beautiful print quality, when new.
        ???
        Very nice print quality, compact design
        Nice design, inexpensive, good print quality (B&amp;W and color), small footprint
        Decent quality printing, low cost of printer, free glossy/photo paper.
        Better looking than most printers, good quality prints, better with updated drivers from Epson
        Pretty, cheap, doesn't jam, and cheap
        nice quality
        Inexpensive, Good Printing Quality
        Simple setup, easy to use
        Inexpensive
        Clear print -- but only for a few short jobs. That's it.
        Good print quality, cheap, durable
        Nice prints (Especially color pictures)
        Good Print Quality 
        Decent quality printing, especially on photographic paper
        Great for printing photos.
        Quality, paper handling, speed.
        Excellent photo printing
        Great Resolution
        Prints the next best thing to picture perfect with clearly defined lines and fantastic colors.
        It prints...sometimes...
        Cheap, great quality prints
        Print Quality, Print Quality, Print Quality!
        Excellent print quality
        Excellent print quality for less than $100.00 dollars...
        Well designed hardware for use by young children
        Print speed and quality, excellent
        Stable Drivers, High Print Quality, Large Paper Tray
        Inexpensive, crisp copy, and very easy to install.
        Easy to use and setup,cheap.
        Detailed, colorful prints that rival or exceed film-based photos.
        Easy to use, good quality document and photo printing, nice print options, affordable.
        Nice print quality, easy to install
        Fast printing
        Smokes competition
        good quality and speed
        Great print quality at a very reasonable price
        Unbeatable price, high quality output
        Price, Print Quality
        Great speed; usb and parallel printing; only 100 dollars
        Epson name is respected; inexpensive photo quality printer; excellent directions &amp;amp; easy set-up
        useful, durable, good quality printing
        great quality for the money
        High Quality Cheap Price
        Price, Output, Value. All rolled into one!
        Inexpensive, great looking prints on special paper
        It has a nice purple epson logo on it
        Very Good Print Quality
        The best value out there!!
        Software bundle.
        Cheap, decent quality
        Easy setup and connection, nice quality print, looks good,low cost
        Good quality printing. 2880 resolution prints. Sleek styling.
        Quality print outs with perfect color, fast, and easy to use.
        Cheap, fast, excellent print quality
        Easy to install,excellent operation,great color photos
        Inexpensive, excellent quality
        Great price, beautiful quality
        Print quality is very good, especially for pictures.
        Great print quality, easy to set up and use, fair price.
        Excellent Quality, extremely flexible.
        Great price, quality printing
        Good performance, excellent output, and Cheap!!
        Great photos from this printer
        Cheap, excellent quality, fast, stylish, small footprint.
        Prints beautiful pictures on expensive photo paper.
        Excellent Print Quality, Excellent Reliability, FAST, Good Price Per Page Rating
        Attractive new look from Epson, easy to install.
        Price and quality
        Excellent photograph reproduction. Crisp Text. (when it works)
        Great color pictures
        Easy set-up. Smooth operation.
        Fast printing, great quality
        Bright colors, cheap price, fast, easy to setup.
        Very good print quality, good speed
        Inexpensive, good color, not too hard on the eyes
        Pretty Good Output, and fairly inexpensive
        PRICE$$$
        2880 for under $100.00
        Cheap to buy
        Excellent color and graphics quality WHEN NEW.
        Quality printing, decent speed, long-life/high output
        Good Product Quality, Many Good Options to let you pick exactly what you want.
        good quality prints
        Very good output quality
        Great Output
        Easy to use...
        GREAT PRINT QUALITY
        great quality
        Fast Printing, inexpensive
        Fast and very good quality
        Speed, Cost, Quality
        Great quality, fast color and black printing, easy to install
        Fast, great print quality 
        Great glossy pictures, letters, newsletters, etc.
        I can get generic cartridges very cheap. Decent quality picture printing.
        good quality, network support, paper extender (for 8&amp;#189;&amp;#148; by 14&amp;#148;)
        highest quality, easy to use, good design
        Low price. Fast. Quiet. Good quality prints.
        fast printing, high dpi, sharp images
        Cheap ink ($1.99 on Ebay)
        Price
        Great graphics printing
        Beautiful Prints with ease!
        nice quality and features, looks nice on your desktop, nice size
        Very fast, great color printing(on high quality paper), good price
        Black &amp; White Speed Demon;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Non Epson brand generic Cartridge Usable;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good for office usage.
        nice looking and pretty easy to use
        faster and just as good
        fast, quiet, lightweight and more
        Inexpensive Photo Quality
        Quick, quiet and beautiful output
        Very good price and photo quality
        affordable, compact
        price, size, quality, looks, and ease of use
        Good price, fast and crisp output
        Outstanding print quality; fast
        great photo quality
        Simple to use, quick, excellent quality print
        Very Quiet and Very Fast
        FAST, quiet, sleek design
        High Quality Printing, Good Price
        Amazing quality for a non-&amp;quot;Photo&amp;quot; printer
        Fast, easy to use, lets you see how much ink you have left
        Cheap, Works Great
        Photo Printing!
        Inexpensive, 0.4 Pico-liter nozzle
        Price
        Quiet, fast, new design
        Front folding flap, control panel
        Very good price online (had a fantastic rebate too). 
        Quiet operation, great photo quality printing, good cost per print ratio.
        Photo-quality at a reasonable price. Quiet.
        Great speed and quality, very affordable
        Excellent Printer! Reasonable Price
        Speed and resolution, ultra quite mechanism, compact design, warranty
        True to Life Photo Quality, Ease of Use and Good Paper Support.
        Fast, very quiet, incredible photo quality on Epson glossy photo paper. Excellent text rendering too.
        Nice print, easy setup, good ink amount status
        style, quality, easy set up
        Great photo quality, great text quality, very fast worth every cent
        Quick printer that is compact
        High Quality color printing
        Fast, quiet, and excellent print quality!
        Great photo printing, long colour cartridge life
        Quiet, USB
        Decent print quality when the heads aren't jammed.
        Nice looking
        Affordable, quality prints, quick and quiet
        100% Photo Quality output. Text is also very impressive. 
        Nice, quiet printing
        Great output, archival quality, affordable, quiet &amp; fast operation
        good color, quiet, print preview
        Relatively quiet, relatively fast (in B&amp;W mode only)
        Epson quality
        Quiet, Fast, Reliable, Cheap, and most important, Unsurpassed Print Quality
        text and image quality
        Looks pretty (like a lemon).
        Decent color quality, inexpensive, and printer cartridges are easy to find.
        Speed, Quietness,Print quality
        Speed, quiet, print and build quality.
        Quiet, fast
        Fast and crisp color
        Price, Features, Usability, USB
        wonderful color printing, quiet, very built well!
        Keeps your desk tidy; printheads are permanent feature of the machine; drivers are easy to install; prints very fast.
        Fast and Furious., Easy Install
        Quick, fast operation and easy to use.
        Photorealistic prints, Price, Quality
        High quality printouts, beautiful graphics, Quiet operation, Easy to set up.
        excellent, photo quality, reasonable price, setup is flawless, ink is cheap at COSTCO
        Very good quality, Easy to set up
        Good cheap printer for b/w only
        Good speed for price, nice color output, ease of setting up.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Excellent print quality, easy to use and setup, very quiet
        Amazing output, extremely quiet, cartridges less expensive then many of the competition.
        Affordability
        Fast, high dpi, reliable, low maintenence printer
        High quality for the money.
        It's an EPSON people! Excellent paper handling
        Built like a tank; fast.
        Great print quality, fast printing, 2880 dpi printing, reasonable price.
        Very fast printing
        This is a really fantastic printer.  Quality of printing, ink usage, and features are great.
        Bargain price
        Quality prints and fast printing
        SUPER FAST! Great print quality, can be networked with optional network card
        Speed, Graphics quality, price (with or with out rebate)
        Fast, excellent color quality, excellent text printing
        Excellent for Photos
        Easy hookup and installation.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great print quality and speed.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        made with the professional in mind&amp;#13;&amp;#10;very reliable and easy to use
        Great quality...
        Great Value, Fast high-quality printing, convenient PC-less copying 
        Copies and Prints photos without a PC
        Great Print Quality, Easy Setup, great price
        ease of set up, paper feeds very well, price.
        great print, EZ setup, EZ to use, cheap ink, EPson relablilty
        Excellent price, solid construction, decent flatbed scanner
        Good price-performance value., Everything included.
        cheap
        multifunction, up to 5760 x 720 dpi, cheaper ink cartridges
        Price, Print Quality, Software
        great all around functions, does the job in cheap package
        borderless copies and prints
        Quality printing, Quick Copying, Photo printing, Scanning, paper handling
        Saves time going to the Kodak picture copy machine at the drug store.
        Fast, four separate ink cartridges, nice copying features
        Excellent printing and copying quality. 
        Print quality, individual color ink cartridges.
        There are so many things to say, you will have to read the review!
        Easy to set up. Excellent copy quality.
        Feature-packed, easy to use, nice software suite
        Prints wonderully, Warms up quickly
        Great combination unit!
        Prints, Scans, and Copies. Ink relatively inexpensive. Ink last over 70 years.
        Great unit. Individual ink cartridges and nice prints. 
        Ease of use; full featured; excellent scanner and speed(see review)
        Prints fast, installs easily, great quality prints, separate color cartridges
        Breathtaking color images, very good software, fast, cheap, attractive
        Fast, great color, super software interface!
        Speed, quality of prints, ease of use, style, fast warmup, comes with USB 
        great scans, accurate printouts, reasonable price, ease of use, cartridge for each color 
        Functionality (scan,copy, print), performance, build quality, keypad convenience
        nice print quality , good large format printing work horse
        Easy to use
        what a cool stuff
        Cheap, photoquality prints. Large format.
        good photo quality printing
        Inexpensive for large size output capacity
        Photo Quality output, nearly continuous tone, excellent price, great drivers
        Photo quality output, Price is low enough
        Amazing quality, good price, large format
        Good for photos
        Supports large paper sizes
        very good quality, ink not too expensive, good online services
        Prints outstanding photos
        Strong color, complete fills, no streaks, wide-format
        Stunningly high-quality prints, excellent resolution
        Incredible photo quality, accepts wide variety of papers color gamut excellent
        Easy to set up, good quality prints
        Absolutely Outstanding Photo Printing Results.  Easy to Use.
        Photo realistic pictures, Ease of use, Prints excellent on all types of media. 
        Beautiful prints, borderless, quiet
        Excellent photo quality prints, quiet, reasonably fast, borderless printing to 14" width
        Excellent printouts, speedy, quiet
        Superb Print Quality, does good on CAD work as well
        nice prints, easy to set up
        GREAT PHOTO QUALITY!!! six color inks, ALL SOFTWARE WORKS ON MAC OS X
        Great print quality, reasonable price
        Great pictures and easy to operate
        Feature-rich, highest quality photo prints, easy to setup
        price, output quality
        Great photo quality, no paper jams
        Highest quality prints you will find - better than your photo shop
        Excellent detail, superb resolution, prints suppose to last from 140-200 years, USB and parallel.
        Good prints and probably better archival
        Beautiful output
        Speed, quality and print longevity is fantastic
        Perfect photo prints; large-format paper capacity, up to 13x19 inches!
        Quality, speed, quiet
        fabulous prints
        Ink costs, flawless printing
        Highly Detailed Prints
        beautiful, fast, clear photo printing
        design and picture quality
        Quality of Prints! 
        Fast Color printer Great Picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Both USB and IEEE Ports
        Offers superb printy quality
        Up to Large format paper, fade resistant dyes and papers, fast, quiet, 6 color printing
        quiet, great speed, and great pictures.
        Quality of prints
        Faster, quieter, smaller drop-size, archival ink-sets
        speed quiet color
        excellent photo quality
        Great details and amazing colours.
        Quality output for a low price.
        Amazing Printing Quality and Design
        Everything
        Incredible imaging
        Top Quality, Speed, Software
        Quiet, Nice Output, High Ink Quality
        bright colors, consistent color fields
        Nice case
        Awesome quality; quite fast; not so noisy 
        amazing picture quality at good value
        Wide Format
        Fantastic photo prints, and very quiet. 
        Quality of prints are quite dramatic if used with the right papers. Sleek industrial design.
        Beautiful picture perfect printing using Epson glossy photo paper. 
        Great pic's, wide carriage for 11"x14"'s
        Photo quality prints that look like real photos!
        Great photo print quality, wide carriage for Super A3/B prints
        Archival ink, accurate color, very sharp prints, quiet, separate ink tanks. Well designed.
        Archival quality without the service bureau
        A significant and notable step up from previous Ink-Jet "Photo" printers."
        Solidly built, very quiet
        Does well with Matte paper, prints fast, excellent text as well
        Archival printing, photographic quality, excellent color fidelity, included roll paper handling, quiet, easy setup, warranty
        When you use it to print on Matte papers, the prints are stunning
        Excellent all-around printer
        Good photo-quality printing if you use special paper
        It prints beautiful borderless photos up to 13 x 19 inches!
        Quality of the print, features, resolution, speed.
        Eye-popping images that can stop a conversation dead in it's tracks!
        Ease of use; excellent color; individually replaceable ink cartridges; archival ink
        Great Printer especially  for pictures
        Outstanding Photo's, Inexpensive
        Good quality when it works
        Great Output
        it works for 8-12 months
        Good photo quality
        amazing pictures
        Great software, impressive images, cheap
        Excellent output, great price
        The best picture print quality ever!!!!!, average priced ink cartriges, great software and utilities
        Prints nice a few times in a row, well supported
        high picture quality, inexpensive
        Great colors and definition.
        photo quality, ink lasts longer, great software included
        Inexpensive
        high speed printing, clear photos, inexpensive ink cartridge
        Not bad for a cheap inkjet
        Excellent Photo Quality, Low Cost
        Appearance, Print quality, paper handling. Cheap!
        Cool Techie Looking Slate Color Case&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Handy USB, Parallel, and Mac Local Talk connectors
        Great photo quality, dependable, drivers available for Mac and PC.
        Superb Quality
        Print quality.
        Clear printing, Hassle free use
        incredible output
        Price friendly and print qualtiy
        Fantastic Output
        amazing photo images
        Great photo quality prints
        Outstanding photo quality.Good software
        great quality, fast print speed
        Best bang for the buck
        beautiful photos couldn't expect more
        Excellent Photo Outputs; Low Price
        Beautiful, affordable photo prints
        color prints are amazing
        Vivid, Saturated Color, Great Quality
        High Quality, inexpensive
        It has the black case and quality is good.
        It has the black case and quality is good.
        Amazing quality, 5 Color Ink Cart., Cheap Ink., works with Linux
        Incredible ease with a few pointers
        Great paper handling, AMAZING photo quality, cheap printer and carts
        Borderless, durable ink, USB &amp; parallel, easy setup, on-screen ink monitor, decent photos
        great picture quality, 6 color inks, border free printing
        Price, new technology, great prints&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Clear edge to edge printing.  Ink doesn't smear with hi-lighter.
        Fantastic Quality Prints
        Excellent Photo Quality
        Cheap, stunning prints, usb &amp; parallel connections
        Good Photo quality printing
        Picture quality is excellent when working properly.  OSX compatible.
        excellent printer, excellent photos, excellent tech support
        None to speak of.
        Cheap and great resolution for digital photography and graphics
        Fabulous photos, fantastic price
        picture quality, cheap price
        Superb photo print quality on Epson's glossy paper; inexpensive
        Great pictures, can plug in SmartFlash cards and print without a computer, 
        excellent quality, quiet, prints directly from flash memory
        Photo-like quality, good ink prices
        Astounding photo quality. No, I really mean it, absolutely brilliant photos.
        Great photo printing!!
        Excellent Photo Quality printing, Roll paper ready
        Inexpensive, Built in card reader
        Price, great prints, PIM option
        Great Quality, color, detail
        Excellent print quality, particularly on special photo paper. Relatively small footprint, memory card support.
        Good quality print jobs, inexpensive ink, multiple features.
        Awesome photo quality on Epson papers
        Excellent quality photos. Great value. Accepts Flash cards.
        None
        Excellent photo quality. PC slot for card adapter.
        The photo print quality is very good.
        Good quality print jobs.
        Great value for the money, great quality output
        Great photo prints, borderless pics, takes various cards
        easy to place camera memory card directly into printer to print proof sheet
        Great photo printing quality. Excellent price.
        It has an on-off switch, price
        very good color photo print quality
        Price and rebates
        Excellent Color Pictures comparable to the more expensive Epson 1280 model.
        Great photo quality prints. Excellent value.
        Greatttttt pictures.  Good text.
        Nice index print ("contact sheet")
        Great Photo Printing. Borderless letter size printing!
        Excellent quality borderless photos, affordable
        Great quality, borderless printing and a great price.
        Excellent photo-quality,very affordable, borderless sizingand printing!
        Excellent photo quality prints without waiting forever.
        Excellent photo quality, reasonably fast printer
        Unparalleled photo quality, easy to set-up and use, and great price.
        Excellent quality photos
        Price, quality
        Prints great photos!
        Prints Excellent Quality Pictures , 
        Amazing print quality
        Prints excellent photo quality pictures.
        Great quality prints
        Easy to setup, beautiful color printouts, good compatibility with XP
        Inexpensive; prints in color
        Stunning photo quality printouts, value price
        Great deal for the price, pretty good photos
        Low Price Point, 6 Colors, Epson Reputation, Lab Quality Prints, Border-free Printing
        initial print quality
        For the occasional use it's price is well worth it.
        Awesome graphic results!, Awesome graphic results!, Awesome graphic results!
        Great pictures
        beautiful photo quality prints of all sizes, and it's under $100 
        Great pictures (lab quality), great price
        print results are very good for a $100 model.  we use-it with our digital camera.
        Excellent print quality and color.  Cheapest, good quality photo inkjet on the market.
        Cheap, fast, great prints, good ink length
        Cheap, good pictures, borderless printing
        Excellent Print Quality, Improved Print Drivers, USB and parallel ports
        Printing quality, USB and serial connectors, ink meter, borderless prints while it lasts.
        Price, output
        GREAT print quality, waterproof prints!  easy to use, small footprint
        Worked well initially
        Easy to use, nice print quality
        Excellent Photos
        Fast
        Cheap, Great photos when works
        It makes a handy punching bag!
        Simply gorgeous borderless photos
        Great picture photos
        Very crisp color photos, clean text, very reliable unit at a low price
        Inexpensive, 6-Color System
        Super resolution and color on glossy paper. A breeze to set up. Price!
        Cheap Hardware, 6 month ago $ 135 and a $ 50 Rebate
        Beautiful output, when it works
        uses a lot of ink, nozzle clogs a little slow
        Excelent prints on Epson Glossy paper
        Cheap!
        Excellent photo printing
        cheap, excellent photo-color, acceptable resolution, excellent software
        NOT MANY!  When it works it's OK
        Beautiful prints, low initial cost
        Great  photo output, quiet, low cost ink.
        Great photo print quality -&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Decent color graphics
        -True photo quality, -Ink cartridges aren't too expensive
        Outstanding print quality, ink monitor, quiet, enclosures, price
        Gorgeous output, quiet, roll paper ability, tech support, fade-resist
        photo quality
        Lower cost than competitors, paper roll feeder included
        roller attachment for printing pictures, easy to install and use
        Amazing Printing Quality and Design
        Photo print quality, photo print longevity, design
        Unbeatable prints
        Fast, quiet, and great quality
        HIGH quality output, whisper quiet, printout lifetime (with matte paper)
        Excellent color reproduction.  The ink stays brilliant.  No fading.
        Print Quality is great / Real easy to follow instructions!
        See description below
        Stunning Photos, quiet operation
        Awesome photo output
        Quality and quiet
        Awesome, Frameable 8x10s
        Photo realistic prints, borderless printing, accepts roll paper
        Great for photos, easy to use
        Fast, Precise, High Quality
        Nice printing ability, hardly any paper jams, easy to use/hook up to your computer
        Digital photo Lab, Here I come! Lab-quality prints, great color, ink level monitor in software
        Quiet, reasonably fast, smooth output, excellent price
        Print quality, quiet operation, low price
        Great pictures.  Fast,quiet printer. Easy setup. 
        Excellent quality, quiet, fast.
        Lab quality prints. Inexpensive, quite and fast.
        Great looking photos. Relatively fast. No paper jams.
        Inexpensive, Cheap Ink cartridges
        photo reproduction
        unbelievable photos on glossy or photo paper
        Outstanding photo quality, quiet, built-in PC card slot
        Incredible photo quality, quiet operation, integrated memory card reader
        N/A
        Fast and outstanding for printing photos
        discounted price. fantastic print quality, quiet, quick, EXCELLENT 
        Best Photo Quality In A Printer I've Seen Yet!
        Great photos! Quiet and fairly fast. Much cheaper than sending out for developing!
        This printer, from an avid photographer, is an awesome piece of technology.
        small and lightweight, easy to use
        easy to use
        Ease of use, cost
        Reliable, high quality, special effects
        All of the Above
        works great, like any digital camera
        Compact size/weight
        Compact, Lightweight, Easy to use, Good for use with little kids, No wasted film, Preview pictures and delete ones you don't like
        size, and quality
        Lightweight,  great pictures
        Great camera
        Ease of  use; computer interface; quality pictures;reasonably  priced.
        Poor troubleshooting help.
        Ease of Use, Size, Looks, price
        Nice camera for not a lot of $$
        Good range of features, large picture capacity, LCD screen, AC adapter
        great picture
        Cheap and LCD Viewfinder
        Sharp resolution
        Sharp pictures, easy to use
        Feature rich
        Lots of options
        easy to learn, fun to use, good quality for price
        Good price, Excellent photo quality, Excellent Value
        great price
        easy to use, low weight, small size
        Small, Light, and Easy To Use
        Small, easy to use, dependable.
        Inexpensive, adequate pictures for casual use, rugged, relatively easy to use, good manual
        Easy to use, economical on battery-power.
        Small size, very good quality images, ease of use
        perfect for a beginner
        compact, easy directions, all around great
        Cheap, light weight and easy to use
        Well it DOES take decent pictures
        Easy to use, good quality, inexpensive
        Clear pictures, great for the money
        Compact, Light, and Easy to Use
        Great price, easy to use
        Easy to operate.
        Love the price I got it at! - FREE! :)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Handy as heck for snapshots.
        Budget digi cam with good quality for it's resolution 
        Inexpensive, easy to operate, quick digital upload, small and easy to handle
        Easy to use, good quality output, compact
        Inexpensive, Fast downloads, great macro shots.
        Excellent image quality. Extremely simple operation. Good flash. JPEG image files. Mac &amp; PC friendly.
        Good price, easy to use for beginners
        Inexpensive, good for first timers.
        User friendly, great quality, compact size
        A high quality and easy to operate camera, for an affordable price.
        4S-Size,Software,Simple and Soft picture
        Good price, small, responsive, good features
        Easy to use, nice entry level digital camera for the price
        Little lag time between shots, good battery life
        easy to install its software, good pictures based on my standard
        Nice features and easy to use
        super convenient
        Cheap, USB connection, reasonable quality photos
        Battery life, good pictures
        Good price, easy to use, pretty good quality, software easy to use
        Cheap, small, lots of features.
        Easy to use, Fun
        Great  Pictures
        Good quality for the price
        Easy to use, lightweight, picture preview
        Features, small size, cheap
        Small,Inexpensive,LCD Monitor
        Small, feature packed, intuitive operation
        size,quality of pics, accessories, price
        Low Price, Good Quality
        Good quality + Great price, Easy to use
        Nice, Compact little camera
        good image quality, nice size, easy to use, LCD display, good price
        Easy to use, great picture quality
        cheap, small large capacity, user-friendly.
        Great price, good image quality, easy to use
        Cheap, easy to use
        Inexpensive, USB connection,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;easy to use, VERY LIGHT
        Great deal for the money!
        Takes GREAT pictures, nice price, love the software.
        Fantastic Pictures! Great Price $255.00!
        Optical zoom, interchangeable memory, easy to program, adequate adjustments, USB cable, affordable
        ~1hr battery life on provided alkalines, 1.5-2 on a decent set of 4 NimHs
        Excellent value for money, fantastic pictures, a REAL zoom lens.
        Takes GREAT pictures, easy to use
        Excellent features for the price. A very good value camera.
        Excellent picture quality, 3x optical zoom, true macro, good battery life
        Durable, reliable, has the basic features I want, 
        ~ easy to use, ~ very durable, ~ takes great pictures
        Good quality images,very reasonable price. Compact, light weight, easy to use. Good quality optics.
        take good picture ; 4 R printing looks good.
        Great picture quality, good price
        Great pictures, many options
        Compact size, Full size features
        Handy, fun, durable and easy.
        Easy to use. High quality for the price.
        Great pictures for the price
        easy use, good outdoor pictures
        Best camera for the price
        Inexpensive, picture quality
        price, ease of use
        USB, Optical zoom, small size
        Image Quality, USB Connection, Price
        Software, usb connectivity, price, easy to use
        $, quality, functionality, durability
        very easy to use
        Build in lens cover, affordable price, 
        All the basic features needed.  USB interface.
        cheap, zoom, slim
        usb,viewfinder, optical zoom
        Compact, light, good quality, great flash!
        Great pictures, lots of features, price
        Image Quality 
        Wonderful clear, sharp pictures with excellent coloring
        Easy to use, pretty good photos, USB, excellent value
        great pictures, 3X optical zoom, sturdy, normal battery life, usb, great price
        Easy to use, good photos, USB, 3x Optical zoom, excellent value
        Well-made, easy-to-use controls, batteries last longer
        Size, price and ease of use
        USB connectivity, 3x optical zoom, color reproduction
        Fun,Easy to use,Cheep,light,great pictures
        Very Compact, Can take Everywhere
        great for travel; easy to use; uses AA batteries; great for web or 4x6 printed
        Amazing image quality for the price; easiest digicam I've ever used.
        Great Picture Quality, Superb Value, Easy to Use
        Easy to use, decent quality, very cheap.
        User friendly instructions.  Great for a 1st time user of digital cameras.
        Supreme picture quality
        Best 270 dollar digital camera&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Update-on sale at $199,  a super deal 
        Great quality for the money, new desktop wallpaper everyday if you like.
        Price! Lightweight, decent battery life.
        Cheap, easy to use camera with lots of features, and crisp color shots.
        Great price, Great entry level camera, attractive design
        Easy-to-use, good picture quality, using normal AA batteries
        Simple to use; Great resolution&amp;#9;
        ease of use, picture clarity, price
        Better than average color, excellent low light performance, nice optics.
        Wow what a camera, easy to use, has some advanced functions, and it WORKS!!
        Same size as a regular camera, Lightweight, Easy to use
        Easy to use, small, good features
        2.1MP, 3x zoom, easy handling, good picture quality.
        An eye catching camera body
        Picture quality, size, easy of use
         Relatively Low Cost, quality pictures, easy to use.
        Easy to use, good color quality, low price
        small, simple, great features,wonderful camera!!!
        Easy to use, with good quality prints.
        Overall Good Camera for the $$
        Picture Quality, Ease of use
        Inexpensive, Good picture quality
        quality, size, price
        Outstanding combination of features and value. 
        Small, reliable, versatile, easy to use.
        Incredible picture quality, great options, ease of use, awesome close-ups
        Good battery life, excellent picture quality. Zoom looking to be reliable.
        Wow what a camera, easy to use, has some advanced functions, and it WORKS!!
        Great quality photos... standard upgradeable smartmedia card memory...
        Nice, easy to use camera
        Low price (both new and now), optical zoom, superior lens
        3x zoom,super clarity,1.6 inch lcd and the increadible 2.1 megapixels and the list continues on.....
        Image Quality, 3X Optical Zoom, Design, Low Battery Usage, USB Connection
        Ease of use. Good picture quality.  
        Light, easy to use, crisp pictures, versatile
        Lots of features for the money.  Great Pictures.
        Light weight, 8MB starter card, optical 3x zoom
        everything
        Moderate Price, 1600x1200 capable, feature rich
        Great little camera, sharp pictures
        Simple to use. 2.1 megapixels.
        This camera has an automatic viewer so you can delete unwanted/bad pictures.
        Quick, easy to use camera.
        Astonishing image quality, intuitive controls, range of features, small and compact
        Great pictures, easy to use, lot's of bang for the buck
        Great features for the price, easy to use.
        Outstanding image quality, great range of features, very easy to use overall
        Great Digital Camera For All
        Excellent color, small and compact, batteries/charger included
        small, VERY generous bundle, easy software, photo quality, ease of use
        Good Price; 3X zoom; Loaded with Features; Very user-friendly
        Good sized camera which comes with everything you need !
        Compact 2mp camera.  Easy to use.  Good range of features
        Size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Rebate on add'l memory card.
        small, easy to use, takes WONDERFUL pictures for the price.
        Nice look. Easy for use. Nice price.
        Lost of options for the money.
        Great brand, great pictures, perfect size
        Lots of Value for the Price! Zoom, Charger, Smartcard all come with Camera!
        Easy to use, great pictures, great size
        Great value...Packed with features...Easy to use...Large lcd screen...Sharp pictures
        Compact but not too small.  Rechargeable Ni-MH batts included!
        So easy to use; great picture quality
        Excellent feature-set, great image quality, &amp;#147;out of the box&amp;#148; usability&amp;#13;&amp;#10; 
        easy to use software, great storage capacity, drag and drop file transfer
        ease of use; good pix
        Small, lightweight, lots of extras found on more expensive cameras.
        Small, light, excellent color reproduction, web cam, 20 sec video
        Small and lightweight, reasonably priced, good quality, 20 second video
        16 MB card, great quality, super-easy to use, video, pc-cam
        Very Small.  Variety of camera settings.  Great color.
        Great camera, great price, includes everything you need to get started!
        Easy-To-Use, Many Features, Many Options, Rechargeable Longer-Lasting Batteries
        Affordable, 3x optical zoom, excellent 4x6 prints without film
        Small, Portable, Protects the lense while not in use, price
        Great price, easy to use, takes good photo's. 
        A feature packed camera without the large price-tag.
        Compact, feature filled, outstanding digital clarity with webcam functionality. 
        Easy To Use, Great Picture Quality, Optical and Digital Zoom, Great Value.
        Digitally speaking: Very good quality camera.
        Not bad price for a zoom camera
        Price, Picture Quality, Short shutter lag.
        Simple to use some good features
        Great pictures of "still" subjects in natural light outdoors.
        Good Picture Quality, Simple and Easy to Use, Tough and Priced Right.
        This camera takes good pictures in the fine mood.  Easy to use and download.
        Takes good pictures
        Simplistic ease of use, Fuji rewards buyer with extras, good picture quality
        Good price, decent quality, optical zoom
        Great price for features
        Generally good image quality, ease-of-use.
        Excellent picture quality, very affordable, great in every way
        takes excellent pictures; expandability; easy to use
        Easy to use; very good image quality
        Small Size great zoom easy to use
        can take anywhere, anytime, anyplace
        Ease of use for digital beginners; 16 MB Smartmedia card included
        Style, picture quality, size, features, functions, and fun!
        Excellent resolution; 16 MB card; rechargable batteries
        Great price for 2 megapixel, optical zoom camera.
        Great picture quality. Compact size.
        Great,affordable digital camera. Easy to use.
        Great image quality, easy to use, low cost for an optical zoom camera.
        Easy to use, incredible macro, built in lens cover
        Very easy to use Great pictures
        More feature rich than most, for a 2.0 mega pixel camera.
        Small size with an optical zoom
        price, automation and picture quality
        Good optical zoom, battery life and price.  Proven commodity.  
        Easy Operation, Price, Looks, Great Shots
        Good Quality Pictures. Easy to use. Price was great! 
        Sliver housing, lens cover, small, only 6.5oz, picture quality, and price.
        Very affordable with high image quality and features.
        Easy to use, bright sharp LCD screen, very sharp pictures.
        GREAT, CLEAR pictures, 16MB xD card, Easy modes, Optical Zoom, Features.
        High Resolution, compact, affordable
        Easy to Use, Price, Picture Quality
        Great quality of pictures for a 2.0 mega pixel camera
        Compact, great pictures, cheap
        low price &amp; easy-2-use for a non-photographer
        Easy to use.  Light.  Uses only 2 AA batteries
        Great Quality, 2.0 Mega Pixel, Low Cost, Optical Zoom
        Small design, standard batteries, optical zoom, excellent color and detail.
        Picture Quality, Compact Size, and Ease-of-Use!
        Easy to Use, Price, Size, Zoom Lens
        Great for beginners!
        3x Optical Zoom, Excellent Picture Quality, Awesome Battery Life.
        most pictures come out well, looks, easy to use, great for kids &amp; beginners
        Price, size, picture quality good for beginners 
        Amazing features for the price and size, good warrantee repair service from Fuji
        Excellent value, small size, macro feature
        Good value; fast; zoom; uses AA batteries instead of expensive camera batttery. Veiwfinder and screen.
        Price
        A+ Clarity at top resolutions, many useful and easy settings, easy to learn, 16MB card
        Great price, reasonable results
        Inexpensive, high resolution, ultra-fast USB download
        The camera is fairly easy to use.
        easy to use, compact, good for beginner user, uses AA batteries
        comes with 16MB card, autofocus, only uses 2 batteries, price
        Easy to use,Great pictures
        Optical zoom, good battery life, LCD screen
        Great picture quality, compact and weighs only around 250 grams, many functions, 16 mb
        takes great pictures with no learning curve
        Small size, Zoom
        Flash?
        Easy to use, attractive, small &amp; light.
        Good entry level digital camera with several manual features
        Lightweight, 6X Optical zoom, takes excellent quality pictures
        Great photo quality. Easy to use point&amp;shoot with nice zoom. Webcam
        Light weight, compact, stylish, good value for the features, great pics.
        Excellent photo quality and to be able to record your own movies!
        6x Optical zoom; Great quality; Movie mode; Lightweight 
        picture quality, 6x optical zoom, size
        awesome picture quality, 6x optical zoom, video mode, manual controls
        Ease of use, great pictures and looks hot
        Cute camera, great color representation
        Great optical zoom, easy menus, good quality
        brilliant pictures - close up shots are crisp, clear. cute as hell
        Great zoom, rechargeable batteries, wonderful quality
        Excellent performance in well-lit scenes, price, resolution, features, easy to use
        crystal clear pictures
        6X Optical Zoom.  Easily connects to PC. Expandable Memory.  Professional Camera Feel.  
        This camera takes excellent pictures and it's very easy to transfer them to the computer.
        Compact, easy to use, great on-screen photos.
        Superior outdoor pics quality in great light conditions, easy to operate, very user friendly.
        great zoom lens
        Small and compact. It has excellent 6 times optical zoom for price. Excellent photos.
        great pictures, extra features, easy to use, and good software included
        6x Zoom, , Commonly available media format , Takes amazing photos for 2 megapixel., Extra functionality 
        Excellent quality and value for money. Easy to use and surprisingly robust. Good zoom.
        Excellent features for the price, 6x optical zoom, Movie maker with sound.
        compact, amazing quality, cheap
        Price, 6x zoom, image quality
        Small, durable design, 6x optical zoom, beautiful photo quality!
        lightweight, easy to use, 6x optical zoom, optical viewfinder 
        Ease of use, quality for price, Well balanced
        Light weight, 6x optical zoom, easily connects to computers
        Excellent photo quality, ease of use, EVF
        very good optical zoom, very good picture quality even on 1M Fine resolution
        How about a 6X optical zoom!!!
        Good picture quality , great features. Easy to use. Excellent optical zoom. Records video w/audio.
        6x zoom, lightweight, compact, great software 
        Easy to use, great pictures, 6x zoom, Light weight, AA batteries, and intuitive menus , 
        3 Mpixel CCD, excellent zoom lense, outsanding picture quality in auto mode.
        Fast recycle time, 3Mpixel, thru-lens viewfinder, 6x zoom, software
        zoom, price, image quality
        EASY to use, great picture quality, EASY to use software included.
        Awesome Performance, Excellent Pictures and Sharp Crisp Images, Great Tele-Photo
        6x optical zoom, AA batteries, easy point and shoot mode.
        Picture quality, zoom, large lcd
        Ease of use and wonderful Pictures! Great pictures and easy to learn! 
        lightweight and very reliable
        Battery saver feature, 6x zoom, incredible!, Macro feature, nice!, Easy downloads, 30-60 sec movies WOW!
        6X Optical Zoom, 3.3MP Images, Movie Mode with Sound, Fuji Brand
        Very easy to use, good quality
        Great performance for the price
        ZOOM, dual LCD Displays, Great Menus, Can be fully manual but fully automatic, etc......
        Uses AA batteries! Feels great in your hands. Good pictures.
        6x Optical zoom, intuitive menus, viewfinder (day/dusk)
        FinePix is right on the money
        Good zoom
        Easy and Fun to Use , great photo , and video quality  
        Great resolution, excellent zoom
        Up to 100 pictures per memory card., No more film developing!
        great picture quality, good zoom, fast picture transfer.
        The buttons are not confusing, and you can point and shoot with the camera
        User-friendly. AA batteries. Great quality.
        great quality,  takes video clips, easy to use,  nice zoom,  works like a HD. 
        Easy to use - very logical buttons
        Great Quality Photos, easy to use, comfortable in hand,lots of options!
        Bang for the buck! Excellent image quality. 35MM "feel."
        Easy to use, Excellent picture quality,
        Clear pictures, easy to use, 6x zoom, cute
        Great picture quality, easy to use.
        Good quality for relatively low price.
        Price, Quality, User friendly,light weight, great results.
        Mega features, superb photos, user friendly software interface
        Perfect for point and shoot and quality, too.
        Compact unit with lots of features, and good for my work and home use. 
        Good price, great zoom, SLR  "feel", good docs, lightweight, easy controls
        Easy to hold, no motion while taking picture. Large font on menu &amp; LED 
        View window, ease of use, clear pictures, 6x optical zoom
        A decent preview screen, changeable storage media, multimedia capabilities, short video recording
        Extremely high quality construction/high resolution/attractive
        Sharp pics, plays mp3s, killer design
        Sexy design, Image, Video &amp; Sound capture, small
        Camera never worked long enough to list pros
        Small enough to carry in a shirt pocket., Awesome clarity
        MP3 player, video camera, remote
        Size, List of features and looks
        Eye appealing Camera, small and portable.
        -ability to capture video, play mp3s, sleek and tiny unit
        Excellent Photos, UltraCompact&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Durable, Sleek, with itegrated lens-cap &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Remote&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Size, feature set, 4.3 megapixel CCD
        fit-shirt-pocket size, reasonable price, pop-up flash, all-aluminium body
        Compact Ease-of-use Standard AA batteries
        Great camera, easy to use, great price if you can find one
        Easy use, pretty good resolution and zoom, movie mode
        Full featured; very small package; fast; USB; movie mode
        2xAAs,USB,NTSC Videos-sound, Semi pro, automatic lense cover,aluminium case
        Practical controls, Excellent output.
        Superior Camera
        really good camera for both price &amp; size
        Light weight, beautiful design, excellent build quality, simple to use
        Great consistent pictures (as long as there's light), movie feature. 
        Compact, good color and video, 2" LCD, 2 AA batteries, ease of use
        Super image quality, small, light weight, good software
        Fast, USB, great interface, movie mode, continuous shooting, LiIon AAs included
        Full featured, easy to use
        Many good features
        High-quality images, logical placement of most controls, nice hand-held design.
        small size, smart design
        easy download of pictures, quality of pictures
        Viewfinder; well designed
        Design, short video, multi-feature flash, USB port
        Small size, high quality printable images
        avi
        Many features, but easy to use
        New Super CCD Technology
        camera size,  photo quality
        compact size and  good resolution 
        easy to use, sharp pictures, good package
        Quality of build, compact, ease of use, big 2&amp;quot; LCD display
        size, great quality images, 16MB media card, several shooting modes, manual overrides available
        Ability to capture 80 second videos.  Easy to use from novice to experienced photographer.  
        Compact, fast, sleek, price, colors, battery, Ni-MH, features, 16MB, interface, LCD, protected-lens, 3x, movies!
        nice looking, small size, speed, rechargeable batteries, ease of use, takes movies
        good quality,short video recording,microphone
        Speed, colors, size, batteries
        all
        Small lightweight, and easy... oh so easy to use!
        Instant upload, lots of features/modes for price, incredible color capability, sexy design
        Awesome design, solid construction, usb cradle
        Excellent,sharp photos with great color saturation. Great Porsche body!
        Small, lightweight and easy to use.
        Very compact, light and robust, nice design, web camera function
        Small and compact. Easy to use. Great looking.
        Compact, Sharp 4 Mega Pixel file sizes, Great Features, Excellent outdoor shots.
        Small. USB connector with craddle base&amp;#13;&amp;#10;JPEG Video capability
        Lightweight, very high resolution and great color quality. Features galore for the prosumer type.
        SLR features in a compact and attractive package.
        4.3 Optics almost unobtainable elsewhere
        Flash, compact, cute, nice pictures
        for Look, Feel, and Functionality .. the best overall value in its price class.
        Great value, powerful optical zoom, versatile functions, nicely balanced.
        Affordable,lightweight,easy to use.
        Excellent optics, SLR in digital is here now
        Compact, Light weight, ease of use
        Good quality digital photography, flexibility and software
        OUTSTANDING resolution; ease of operation, light weight (compared to others)
        Small; high-tech design; EVF/LCD; 
        HIGH quality images, Light weight, Popup Flash, LCD
        full control in manual mode, LCD viewfinder, lightweight.
        Nice camera
        Great size, docking station, decent zoom, simple options, good software
        Excellent Colors, Decent Macro Photos, Very Compact and Quick to Launch
        Best resolution below $3000
        Features for size are top in class, not intimidating, skin tones and balance excellent
        Great Clarity and Color, Ease of Digital Storage and Erasing
        Great looks, great package, lots of things to play with...and it takes great pictures.
        Nice upgrade to 4700 series, full-featured.
        Color of my images is so vibrant
        Great image, good video, good audio recorder, cradle is a nice touch.
        Professional features; great quality: lightweight and handy.
        ease of use, image quality, wide range of professional tools
        6x optical zoom, manual focus, 3.3 megapixel superCCD sensor, lcd screen
        Lightweight, excellent colors, sharpness, external flash hotshoe
        6X optical zoom, great features
        Incredibly sharp &amp; powerful (6X zoom)lens, comfortable to hold &amp; vivid colors
        One of the best optical zooms &amp; easy to operate!
        six times zoom, superb resolution and colour,full manual or full auto
        Light weight, easy to use for pro/amateur. Great color and resolution.  adjustable modes
        works like SLR. upgradeable. vivid, accurate colours. AC adapter included.
        small &amp; lightweight SLR style cam, hundreds of features yet simple for beginners
        FLEXIBILITY
        Gorgeous, Full featured,You will never miss your 35mm SLR
        Small size, standard AA batteries, web cam ability, lens cover, easy to use
        Small, compact, durable, easy to learn, great pictures, great software
        Great starter Camara!!  Good quality pictures considering the price!
        Small in size, great picture taking ability
        Good quality, very easy, compact, fast file transfer.
        Great Quality Pictures for the price, Small and Compact, low price
        Great photo quality.
        Light weight, easy to use, simple connection to PC, Smart Media, Low price
        Great photo quality for this level of camera.  Easy to use.
        5 different flash modes, easy to operate, supplied storage disk
        Price, ease of use, only uses two batteries
        very good pictures very good price easy to use
        Great price, high quality pictures, very fun to play with.
        Photo quality, ease of use, LCD display, included 8MB Smartmedia card
        Cheap, Easy To Use, Good Picture Quality
        Compact, lighweight, lots of feature for base model
        Easiest camera 
        Easy to use, quality pictures for a small and compact camera.
        Good image quality, small
        Cheap, quality pictures, easy to use, very portable
        Inexpensive, easy to use
        The FinePix A101 is small, lightweight , and easy to use.  
        Price, picture quality, ease of use
        Small, easy to use, good picture quality, cheap, and readily available.
        Great picture
        GREAT PICTURES. THEY ARE SO CLEAR. 
        Compact Size, Zoom, small memory card, nice and clear images
        Relatively inexpensive, easy to use, simple Finepix software
        Ease of use, light weight, movie mode, 2 mega pixel capability, runs on 2 AA's
        Amazing Picture Resolution, Long Battery life (2AA), Great options, Low Price
        Reasonably priced, uses AA batteries and easy to use. 
        Affordable price and lots of features; PC cam and video capabilities; Small and light
        Excellent picture quality. Compact size., Easy to use!
        Small, Easy to use, Really clear pictures
        User friendly, even my 6 year old can use it.
        Compact, easy to use digital takes terrific photos
        This camera is compact, easy to use,has very good photo quality, and is inexpensive!
        Easy to use, has zoom lens, hold a lot of pictures.
        Size, Price, Ease of use, Photo Quality
        small size, 3+ megapixels, easy to use, AA batteries, price, performance
        Good size. Easy interface.
        Easy to use with nice photo quality!
        Small, easy to use, reasonable price
        3x optical zoom, many camera features
        good pic quality, easy to use, user-friendly computer software
        Great all-aluminum construction, compact size, fantastic image quality and great body design.
        Size and Best resolution you can get today (8/02) for under $450.
        Small size, light weight, great photos, great video
        Colour quality, 640x480 video, small size, docking cradle
        Size, color quality, Options, Battery.
        Sturdy Housing, Very Versatile, Uses SmartMedia cards, Great Value!
        Good pictures!
        Solid,good quality images,fast recycle,easy to use,good range of exposure modes.
        Great exposure control and contrast, good manual controls
        Quality Pictures; Video Recording; Build Quality; Compact; Extras
        Good Pix, Video with Audio, Output to TV, Web-cam, File copy
        Simple to Use; Affordable
        Excellent price and great quality
        easy to use, self focusing, timer
        Easy to use and sturdy.
        Small, light, easy to use
        great price, great value, great product
        small, light, easy to use
        fast, and east.  Makes less waste
        cost, picture quality, numerous features (like flash options etc)
        Outstanding pictures outdoors, nice colour, handy user interface
        Easy to use great quality pictures and inexpensive compared to others out there
        Nice Pictures, Small, Easy to Use
        Cheap high performance
        Great features for price. Very easy to use.  Small and lightweight.
        Cost, Size, interface
        Great camera for the money
        cost, picture quality
        Cheap
        Easy to use, reasonable price, decent picture quality
        Durable construction, good battery life, simple operation, photo quality is EXCELLENT for this price range!
        Nice inexpensivce digital camera, takes nice pictures
        Easy to use and small enough to go in my pocket!
        Compact, Great LCD Screen, Good with Battery Life
        takes nice photo's, LCD screen, easy to operate.
        mx-1200.it gives excellent pictures and very easy to use..a wonderful camera for the price.
        Great pictures, easy to use, good exposure/color control.
        Great image quality, high-resolution color LCD screen, menu-driven selection system, multitude of flash and exposure settings
        great price and free accessories w/high resolution
        easy to use, best camera for the money
        IS SMALL SIZE AND AND FLOPPY DISK OPTION EXCELLENT QUALITY.
        Multi uses
        Small, easy to use, easy to transfer photos, great quality
        Easy to use
        No More Film Processing
        Small size, picture size for the money
        Simple navigation
        great price for what you get, quality, ease of use
        affordable and great quality
        Great pix, easy to use
        cost
        GREAT camera for the price!  Takes nice pictures.
        Easy directions, great size
        Instant Pictures &amp;amp; Not having to pick up pictures...
        lightweight, easy use
        Nice price, easy to use, decent pictures, battery life
        good quality
        great pictures, and low money, depending on the person
        Inexpensive, Great quality, Easy to use
        light, cheap, reliable
        I love this entry level digital camera. The pictures are noticeably sharper than the Olympus d-340r (the next camera in its class). My best advice is if you want an entry level digital camera like I did, buy this one. If you want to spend more, buy a more 
        Ease of use and great pictures
        So easy to use
        Cheap and small
        Easy to use
        good quality pictures, compact design
        Size, picture quality ease of use for beginners, price, versatility, etc...
        Size and price.
        Great Price, 2X Zoom, Many picture quality options
        Great resolution, features &amp;amp; price
        Photo Quality, Size, and Price
        Cheap, easy to use, good flash
        easy to use, sleek, cheap
        Awesome price/performance!
        Good price, good pictures.
        many
        Photo Quality, SmartMedia Compatable, ease of use, battery life
        Small, inexpensive, easy to use, doesn't drain batteries as quickly as some other digital cameras
        Great pictures!
        Small size, great images, expandability
        Decent color
        Quality and Value
        Inexpensive for features included
        Inexpensive, user friendly, great quality shots.
        good value, easy to use, good battery life
        Cost
        cheap, easy to use
        Lightweight and small
        Great quality pics. Very easy to use.  No mistakes
        Easy to use, clear pictures, inexpensive
        Easy to use, small, and a good size LCD.
        Easy to use, well designed, cheap
        Great value in its price range!
        Ultra high resolution, clear sharp pictures
        Very nice resolution and tones, fair price at $2500 good entry system for studio photography
        Photo Quality, resolution, easy to use, SLR!!, Nikon Lenses, WOW!
        great quality, ease of use
        Superior photo quality, price, accepts Microdrives, battery life, Nikon compatible
        Very easy to operate, lightweight, superb image quality...
        3.4 Megapixel (6.1 million megapixel interpolated images)  Interchangeable lenses, built in flash &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        technology, cool features
        Pros: Not too heavy; reasonably fast focus, little lag time between triggering and image capture specially with preview screen off
        A very inexpensive, professional camera
        Excellent image quality, colour rendition is the best
        Great quality, light, easy to carry, good battery life
        Super zoom, great action photography, and the best digital movies ever.
        Fantastic picture quality, easy to use once you learn the controls
        Unique features, movie mode, dual media, functionallity
        6X zoom, superb 3 megapixel image quality, excellent movie mode, dual media storage capability, 
        Great pictures both indoor &amp; out, better value compared to same megapix cameras
        Excellent picture quality, Superb function list
        Way too many to list here, read my review.
        easy to use 
        Some good package deals out there
        Zoom and focus by adjusting lens manually; Great on-screen menus and lots of controls
        Excellent control over the photographic process, awesome video and macro
        High quality camera, with great features, for the price.
        Extremely feature rich, excellent photo quality, and 6x optical zoom!
        Easy to Use, High quality shots, great zoom
        picture &amp; build quality. speed. video quality
        Great photos, cool features, easy to use, very versatile
        Outstanding movie mode; easy out-of-box experience
        SLR feel, long zoom, macro, user-friendly
        1.Superb quality photographs, 2.Logical ergonomics, 3.Classy look and feel
        Excellent optics, TONS of features for any skill level, very attractive
        At current prices, a great deal. Sharp, fast and flexible. View A Sample!
        Excellent camera.  Great Price
        Easy to use, packed with features, nice grip and heft, great zoom, high quality photos.
        Excellent picture quality, easy control manipulation. NOT A POWER HOG with 2200 NiMH rechargeable batteries!
        Lightweight, great pictures, easy to learn, add-ons not necessary, genuine SLR look and feel
        Hi resolution, quick, feature packed, video, value, different storage mediums useable, ease of use
        Excellent output (9x7in @ 300dpi), Insane number of features
        Build quality, features, feel
        Excellent images, complete exposure control, feels good to use.
        A great small good quality camera.
        small camera with excellent picture
        zoom lens, long battery life
        Neat compact easy to use
        Compact, dynamic interface, decent features.
        Pros: The price is right,usually under $300.00. The camera is very easy to operate. All controls are on a dial and easy to understand. Especially like the upload from the camera. The pictures  come up on thumbnails and you can look at them all before savin
        Good value, good quality pics, great chassis
        good image quality, uses near indestructible smartmedia
        Small, Great pics, good battery life
        Picture quality is A+
        Combines high quality photos with maximum portability
        small, great design, quality pictures
        small size, stylish, excellent outdoor photos, li-ion battery, 
        Quality, Size, Image quality, Lens, Software
        Cheap
        Lots of functions, Good picture quality. Small and light 
        Good image quality, High resolution, Simple to use, Small size makes it very portable
        User-friendly, 2.3 MegaPixel, Fun
        easy to use, compact, excellent photo quality
        Excellent picture quality, camera is light and compact
        price, size, quality
        Small size, easy use, built-in lens cover 
        Small, light, easy to use, Lithium battery,nice MACRO possibillity
        great pictures, easy to manage
        Refer to this epinion.
        Picture Quality and Size, Memory,  Screen, Small Size, Coolness
        Look, fun to use, easy to learn, okay quality pictures
        Compact, easy to use, packaged software bundle
        Small,  cheap, and photo-quality for PC &amp;amp; Mac
        small, convenient, sleek, very good picture quality, 2.3 megapixels
        Small, Lithium battery, Great colours
        Pocket size, great outdoor pics, rechargeable battery
        size, ease of use, 
        Just about everything- quality, result, ease of use, looks.
        Great camera
        Small size, easy to recharge, metal case
        Quality of pictures,battery,price
        Great TIFF's,Hot Shoe,Optical Zoom,2.3M-pixels
        Good amount of features, good battery life
        VERY easy to use.  High image quality.
        Good price, feature-rich, ext. flash hot-shoe
        Handles like a 35MM and has the best color results and sharp images.  Has manual mode for better images.
        A lot of features, extras, flexibility and good picture quality for the money
        Color accuracy, sensitivity, price
        External Flash, Manual Mode, front access
        easy to use
        Excellent quality pictures
        excellent quick TIFF, easy of use, good battery
        Retains some of the traditional SLR styling
        Produces the best among digital photos of the same resolution taken by other digital cameras.
        great pictures, compact size, now realatively inexpensive
        simple to use, eye catching looks, macro shooting 
        Looks like a film camera, convenient, great results
        square format
        easy to use, takes great point and shoot pictures, easy software installation and functionality, battery lasts long, good controls
        Good quality photos, easy to use, ideal for the beginner
        light, uses AA batteries, up to 16MB flash, floppy adaptor available for flash, macro and digital zoom
        Easy to use for beginners, Macro zoom
        Quality pictures, compact, easy to use
        Good picture quality; compact
        Great resolution and image quality
        decent quality, good overall value
        small, long lasting battery.
        Size, photo quality and powerful battery
        Pocket-sized, does the trick in most cases.
        Small and Light
        size, tons of features, good warranty
        Small, sleek design, clear crisp pictures
        Ease of use, image quality
        size, low cost, ease of use, peripherals
        sharp details, instant satisfaction
        Great Features and Quality from Fuji
        Easy to learn and use
        BIG storage, easy fold up
        Comes with Infant Seat and Base
        Easy, Convenient, Lightweight
        Price, Looks, Durability. 
        Easy to use, quick to fold, great infant seat, seems sturdy
        Lightweight, easy to fold down, large storage area, parent and child cup holders
        Lightweight, easy to use
        Lightweight, everything works together, collapsable with one hand!
        Great value for the price; user-friendly system; car seat easily attaches to shopping carts
        Versatile and grows with baby
        lightweight, inexpensive
        lightweight and fairly compact
        Lightweight, Attractive
        Light weight, durable, 1 child and 2 adult cupholders, easy to maneuver.
        Easy to fold, quite compact(when folded), convenient
        Smooth ride, easy folding
        wonderful in every way
        Car seat fits on the stroller
        easy
        Rides nice, looks nice, infant seat fits in my small back seat
        inexpensive, easy to manoeuvre, light weight
        Comfortable, affordable, durable  compact for travel    
        Light weight,One handed folding,, Generous storage basket 
        Easy to use and lightweight
        easy gliding,folds to fit places,has a carseat handy
        Rolls when pushed. Easy grip handle for easy fold up. Has basket on bottom to hold diapers and stuff.
        cost, size, convenience
        Easy to break down
        Collapses really easily
        very easy to use
        carseat, basket on the bottom, cup holders, play tray, easy removal of the carseat for bigger kids to sit in the stroller and it rides so smooth
        So easy to use.  I love this thing.
        Lots of cup holders, lightweight, one handed folding
        Safe, durable, comfortable, with warranties.
        one handed folding; pretty light
        easy to use, very sturdy
        Lightweight, affordable
        Price and lasts long
        New cup holders and easier to open
        Car seat, carrier and stroller in one!
        Fairly light stroller.  Easy folding and sturdy.
        Gets you where you need to go, pivoting front wheels, 3 position adjustable seat
        cheaper, comfortable
        Very durable
        lightweight
        light weight
        Lightweight, easy to fold, lots of storage.  
        Easy to fold
        Inexpensive, good feature set for price, large storage capability
        3 position seat, huge canopy, large storage space
        Easy to fold, lightweight, lots of cup holder, front feeder tray, big basket
        the navy color of the frame
        Lightweight, easy to fold
        Easy to open and close
        great value, great features, just all around greatness
        light weight, stylish, 3 position recline, fully reclines, one-hand folding, parent tray, large storage basket
        easy to fold and open, car seats snap in and come out easy
        A mother's savior!
        Two recline seats and a matching car seat included.
        Stylish, comfy for newborns and older kids, easy to clean.
        Easy fold and great safety featured
        Sits 2 kids comfortably, easy to turn, narrow, tandem seating.
        Roomy, easy to turn sharp corners, comfy
        Very easy to handle.Large storage space and leg room.
        Low price for so much. Lots of room.
        Ease of use, versatile
        It's great for sleeping babies.
        easy to manuver, easy to fold and unfold, comes with carrier 
        It's a travel system for two!!
        Easy to open and collapse. Seems durable. Easy to maneuver
        Two seats, one with full recline, each with their own canopy.  Infant car seat included.
        Perfect for "growing" families
        Both seats recline, easy to use
        one-hand folding / light weight / versatile wheels / 2 trays
        Good outweighs the bad/
        Easy to fold up, durable frame &amp; wheels, lots of accessories
        All in one systems, durability, and easy to use
        Easy storage and easy to manuver. VERY durable!!
        convenience,affordable,easy storage,comfortable
        Very versatile, light weight
        easy setup, lots of storage
        Sturdy, classy, shopping bag space, convenient for getting baby from carseat to stroller without disturbance.
        Easy to use, no waking baby up, big wheels
        Double canopy with see-thru window on stroller canopy, wheels lock for safety, good storage basket.
        Easy to maneuver, handy storage tray, large basket, easy one-hand folding mechanism
        easy to fold, sturdy, cup holders and carrier
        Easy fold, infant seat carrier, cup holders and parent tray.
        Infant seat attachable, great for off road use
        Lightweight, removable beverage trays, very maneuverable
        &lt;b&gt;Babies will be crusin in his baby&lt;b&gt;
        Lots of storage space&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Cup Holders&amp;#13;&amp;#10;1 Handed Fold-up
        Lightweight, roomy basket, child tray and cupholder, easy recline
        Attractive, easy to use, inexpensive, less bulky
        Easy to steer, easy to fold &amp; unfold lots of storage.
        Safe! Simple! Cheap!
        Light weight,opens and closes easy,smooth ride,great steering,good breaks,carrier nice,extra bases available.
        Spacey-great for big trips &amp; amusement parks, easy transition from car to stroller.
        durable, lightweight, easy to handle, converts from infant to toddler stroller
        Large basket, cute print hides spills, double front wheels, lots of cupholders
        Lightweight (considering the product).  Easy to fold.  
        Easy Turning
        Great extras. Durable.
        Wonderful stroller, easy to use, easy to steer and lasts for the long haul
        Easy to maneuver, very lightweight
        Easy to use
        Convenience, Easy turning
        It is convienant for transporting a newborn
        Easy to maneuver, light weight, easy to fold up and back out, parent cup holders, plenty of storage.
        Easy to glide
        easy to wash padding, easy to use
        An inexpensive versatile choice
        Simplicity Simplicity Simplicity
        Baby not disturbed. Easy to use.
        convenience and lightweight
        nice the first 3-4 months
        Base in car makes for easy car seat insert and removal
        Can use for infants to toddlers 40lbs
        Ease of use
        Lightweight, Easy to Use, Inexpensive
        Low cost and light weight
        lightweight, one-handed, all-in-one system
        What a great improvement from the strollers my other kids had.  
        Can use with newborn, can shield child from the sun well, appropriate for rough terrain
        Very easy to use 
        The Graco name, 1 year warr, ease of use, price, durability, bases avail at GracoBaby.com
        This system makes going anywhere with the little one simple in many different ways.
        Light, easy to fold up, easy to maneuver with one hand.
        Very convenient, especially for infants.  Very durable.
        Car seat is excellent, very sturdy, stroller works well for a baby.
        Lite-weight, easy to use, great for infants to toddlers, durable
        comfortable, nice looking and easy to use
        sturdy, convenient
        easy fold up and storage, soft ride for baby
        The stroller is light but very well made.  It is very easy to use.  
        easy to use
        Smooth ride, Comfortable for  baby,lightweight
        easy of use, sturdy, convenient
        Car seat snaps right into stroller so baby stays undisturbed
        Easy-to-use, good value
        Sturdy, Easy to open and close, Convenient
        durable, lightweight, a car seat-stroller-and -basket in one, classy, easy to fold, a great price
        convenient, safe carseat, comfort
        Lightweight, Easy maneuverability, easy fold-up
        sturdy, good features
        good car seat, infant carrier
        Very easy to use
        Convenient, easy to use
        carseat, stroller, drinktray, good cornering
        easy to use, smooth ride
        Good for letting sleeping babies lie
        ease, convienence
        Sturdy, user-friendly, convenient removable infant seat
        It is very comfortable and easy to use and setup.
        the big wheels don't get stuck
        Baby sleeps through a variety of moves.
        User friendly, convenient features
        carseat easy to manage
        Lightweight, nice colors
        Easy to use, Baby can sleep in carseat and move to stroller!
        convenience, ease of use
        Nice design, great value.
        did not have to wake a sleeping baby!!
        Very versatile
        safety, folding convenience, sturdy feel
        Travel system, comfy, rides nice
        Easy, inexpensive, no polka-dots
        The price.
        smooth ride, easy to open/close
        **WONDERFUL** coach and a reasonable price!!
        Smooth ride/big wheels.  Convenient.  Can install a second base in another car to make sharing the car seat between 2 cars easy to install.
        Steers great
        Multi-position seat and footrest, large storage basket, easy fold, lightweight
        Great price, easy to use
        Very durable, easily snaps in and out of car, high handle on stroller and large carry basket                        
        Has every feature imaginable! 
        The car seat can't be beat
        Nice colors
        Huge storage space, big wheels make travel through parks easy
        Comfortable, stylish, folds easily, huge storage
        having a car seat and stroller in 1 purchase
        3 cupholders, it is a stroller/carseat/carrier
        Large wheels, convenience
        Large wheels,  Snack trays, lots of storage, and has a high push bar.
        All-in-One Design, Ease of use, Lots of Extra's.
        Lightweight, 2-in-1, padded, easy storage, and many other things.
        none
        Very lightweight and folds and unfolds easily - even with one hand!
        Easy to use,light,big storage basket
        Good quality, many reclining positions
        easy to use
        easy to use, fold, wash and comfortable for child
        easy to fold, fits in small spaces, lightweight, easy to maneuver
        Very Light Weight, Easy To Open
        Great and light weight
        4 in 1  system, big tires, easy to fold, ample space
        Lightweight, Easy to fold, stylish
        sun canopy attached to carseat, can use with or without carseat base
        Very easy to to use 
        Easy, strong and dependable
        Easy to open and close
        convenience
        Lightweight
        Roomy, sturdy, convenient snack area, large storage basket
        Smooth ride
        easy to use, lightweight, practical
        Good to look at, easy to handle
        adequate storage, easy to use, big wheels
        big wheels,easy steering
        Durable, Long Lasting!
        easy to fold, light, convenient, sturdy
        Convenient, durable, easy to wash
        great for the price
        Versatility
        convenient
        Light, easy steering
        Very sturdy, versatile, nice extras
        EASY to use, lightweight
        Convenient,having the car seat and stroller in one
        Light-weight stroller when compared to most.  Easily maneuverable in tight spaces.  Folds easily.
        THE Complete system: car-seat, infant carrier, infant &amp; toddler stroller. Easy to use.
        Easy to use combination of car seat and stroller; comfortable for baby.
         15 pounds, 1-hand fold, parent/child cupholders, adjustable handle height.
        Lightweight and perfectly simple to collapse for storage.
        light, good looking, parent tray, height adjustment
        VERY light, attractive patterns, stands when folded, adjustable handlebar
        lightweight, neat fabric patterns, folds easily, 
        Lightweight and stylish. Nice parent tray.
        Too many to list!
        So Light!!!
        Lightweight, easy to fold, compatible with infant car seat
        Stylish, big basket, cupholders for everyone, lightweight
        light-weight, small, separate car seat attaches/detaches easily, very small collapsed state, adjustable handle.
        turns on a dime, very lightweight, doesn't take up a lot of space
        Extremely lightweight, attractive, and durable. Adjustable height handlebar. One-handed folding.
        Lightweight, convenient
        Very lightweight, large canopy, cool pattern
        VERY lightweight and portable, but doesn't skimp on features.
        Lightweight, cupholders, nice basket, low price, snack tray, can be used with infant carrier/carseat
        Lightweight and stylish
        5 point harness on both car seat and stroller, all in all a good system
        Very sturdy. Comes with a infant car seat and has a compartment for parents.
        convenient, one hand fold, lightweight
        Lightweight, easy to open and close
        5 point harness, nice canopy, easy to fold/unfold, lots of storage space, very comfy looking seat
        Affordable
        Easy to open/close, 5-point harness
        One-handed folding is a breeze!
        Great sturdy design; Easy assembly; Excellent quality; Comfortable for baby; Convenient to carry
        Sturdy, easy to use, safe
        Easy to Collapse, Looks Great, Smooth Ride &amp; Cupholders too!
        Quick print-time! Rich colors!
        Quick printing, good quality printing, reliable, printer lets you know when you need ink cartridge
        Great value to price, quality, speed, reliability
        Fast, High quality
        It prints pretty good
        excellent quality, quick and quiet
        Quick Printing, Easy Set up, Great on screen help
        Finest Quality; Fast Print Speeds; Quiet; Reliable; 4 Independent Ink Cartridges
        Very fast, nice photo quality.
        Fast, Quality Printing; Easy to Use; Paper never jams
        Good quality, reasonably quick unless printing complex/multicolored documents.
        Super fast printing, separate ink cartridges.
        It's Hewlett Packard
        Fantastic; quiet, smooth, fast and&amp;#13;&amp;#10;great clarity in the larger formats
        Wide Format printing up to 13x19, fast, heavy duty, well-built
        Speed,print quality,robust build. Economical ink system
        Excellent speed, awesome quality print outs
        Well built; economical; good output.
        Great printing.
        Output sizes, print quality, cartridge design, LCD status, overall feel, tech support
        Paper sizes, B&amp;W photo printing, raw speed
        Great when it works, Great in handling multiple paper sizes.
        Great print quality , 4 Individual ink cartridges , Large format capabilities , Good customer phone support
        Great color, long lasting toner
        Cheap maintenance and toner, inexpensive buy-in, very hardy and fast
        Awesome color prints
        plan on toners lasting 8,000 to 12,000 copies, little or no maintenance
        FAST, Excellent Color/Black Print Quality.
        price, quality
        Fast, great color and print quality
        Good print quality, good speed
        quality, capacity, versatability
        Beautiful output
        Great print quality, low cost of ownership
        Fabulous output
        Good color reproduction
        dwedwe
        Outstanding quality, speed, features, warranty...
        colour quality, speed
        Great color
        Fantastic Color Output
        Quality, user friendly, cost of consumables
        Beautiful Sharp color, and BW.  Fast printing times, and consistent quality.
        Built like a brick.  You'll need a hammer to break it.
        Beautiful Color, prints quickly once it's warmed up.  Low price for a commercial printer.
        Fast, color matching is perfect, user-friendly 
        Economical and Versatile, High quality color output with high capacity toner packs! 
        Excellent Print Quality!
        It's an HP! Works well, great output!
        Great prints for the money, reliable, easy installation
        Ink Cartridges LAST
        excellent vivid output and peppy for a color laserjet
        Inexpensive, nice print quality and quiet
        Great Print Quality, Fantastic speed, Makes Photos that are better the 35mm Prints !
        Very Quiet, basic paper feed OK, cheap unit for the paper sizes it can handle
        Large format paper handling capabilities, high resolution
        Smooth design. Quiet operation. Easy to use.
        Can print Large paper, Excellent quality, Great Software, Also has a straight paper path option
        Hey NICE printer
        Prints PostScript, Large Format Capacity
        speed, document size
        Print quality and speed
        Easy to set up, nevers jams, very fast, quiet, best value for the money
        ink cartridge lasts a long time
        aesthetics, document size, speed, quality
        USB Setup - a bear!
        Quiet, great photos, fast, good software driver, excellent HP support
        Best Quality and Speed for Tabloid Size Prints under $500
        speed, photorealistic quality, price, low running cost, fabulous looks
        Wide format, Easy to use, Professional image quality, Excellent price to performance ratio, Stylish
        Price, quality, ease of use
        Good quality, nice picture, jam free, fair price.
        Compact, Lightweight, Quality Printing
        Fast, small, affordable
        Value, light, small, resolution and versatility, simple installation and use, low price
        light, quiet, quality photo printing,  this one more like a Honda than a Jeep
        Inexpensive.  Easy to use. Prints well.
        Low Price, Standard Printing, Photo Compatable, great value! Must buy.
        Inexpensive and good for basic home printing needs
        Cheap and compact, simple
        Inexpensive and Compact
        Excellent quality, speedy printing, low cost
        cheap
        Fast printing, easy set-up, cheap ink.
        Very good quality, very cheap price.
        Nice prints, cheap, reliable, lots of replacement cartridges available
        Relatively fast, decent photo quality
        Cheap
        quality, ease of use
        Low cost, small size, lightweight, fast
        Fast, brilliant printing.  Easy, quick set up
        Reliable, high-quality printing at a bargain.
        Whatever...
        Prints well when it does print and color is good.  
        Inexpensive, small form factor / footprint, relatively simple paper feed
        Very great quality, speed correct.
        EXCELLENT print quality, GREAT print speed, HP name
        Great text, good photos, accurate color, ink goes a long way, and prints pretty quietly
        Very easy to use, great resolution, pretty quick.
        HP dependability, quality output.
        Cheap, space saving, good quality prints.
        HP name, very nice print quality, both black and white and color, reasonably priced
        Wow! Awesome quality, HP name, fast, USB and Parallel capable.
        Fast, Reliable, Cost, and Print Quality!
        Nice performance, relatively compact, reasonably priced.
        Clear printing quality, smooth paper loading, great price
        Great Quality, wonderful appearance, compact.
        Compact, cost-effective, EXCELLENT quality and resolution
        Size, easy installation, lots of print options. Great Value!
        Easy Setup, Good Quality Print, Reasonable price
        Excellent print, exceptional color printing, quiet when printing,&amp; fast
        Wonderful quality, Inexpensive, Compact , , * Printer Software CD 
        Great picture quality
        cheap!  It's ink tanks are huge! Great photo-quality
        Affordable.  Good Quality.
        Low price but with very good printing specs. including 4800 x 1200 Photo printing
        prints good black and white 
        Excellent image quality, easy to set up with Windows 2000
        cheap, good quality, fast.
        Inexpensive, great text, reliable, space saving design, ink lasts long
        Nice Price, Quick Non Color Printing, 4800x1200 Optimized dpi, Space Conservation, Windows XP Compatible.
        Great for any type of paper
        Cost Effective
        Its a printer, inexpensive
        long lasting
        Small Size, BIG Capabilities
        better than no printer at all.
        Cheap
        Compact size
        Cheap, good quality, small size
        Cheap, will get the job done
        ease of use, room saver
        cost
        The cost
        multiple functions
        prints fairly well
        Portable, inexpensive.  Easy to use.
        better than nothing at all
        1.great quality 2.cheap price 3.compact
        Design was a nice idea
        High quality black text and Color printing.  Easy setup.
        Cheap, excellent print quality for text and photos!, borderless prints, low profile
        Lovely, vivid pictures! Very fast drafts printing.
        Speed, Speed, Speed and not at the cost of quality or ink
        HP Quality
        Great Quality, Quiet Operation, Looks Cool, Auto-Paper-Type really works
        Solid performance, excellent color, super support
        Long Lasting Photo-Ink, Cheaper Black Cartridge, 4800X1200 Resolution.
        Great Quality, Quiet Operation, Looks Cool, Auto-Paper-Type really works
        Looks VERY cool, prints fast, OSX compatible, inexpensive
        Excellent High Quality, 6 color Photo Printing, reasonably priced. 
        Price, quality, speed
        great photo and text quality, photo cartridge
        Unmatched Print Quality, Vibrant Colours, Decent Speed, Easy Setup, Nifty Features, Hp Quality, Price
        Great price, picture printing quality
        Excellent Print Quality
        Easy to use, with excellent results. Reliable. Many time saving features. 
        very fashionable design(it looks expensive!)
        Looks cool, great price, print photos!
        Price, good quality prints
        Affordable, quick, stylish and, most importantly, great photo printing. Can't beat it for the price.
        Good quality black and white.
        Nice looking design, Super easy to use, easy to install
        Excellent photos
        Loads and distributes Quickly
        Cheap.
        EXCELLENT printing, nice design, fast, &amp; quiet.
        Fast, clear printing. Easy USB support.
        Jetsons Styling, High Print Quality, Mini-Me Cartridges
        Excellent quality prints., Easy to install.
        Price, easy set up, excellent print quality
        A Good Home Use Printer Backed By HP Quality And Support
        Price, photo print quality, ease of use
        Excellent printing quality, photo quality great, easy setup, ink nonfading for 73 years! 
        Inexpensive, 6 color printing
        prints fast, ink lasts a long time, visually pleasing
        Price, durability, looks, finish, print quality, speed, malfunction recovery,quiet.
        Good quality and speed for everyday jobs.
        Great quality prints, easy to install, looks cool
        Good Speed , Excellent Quality, Nice Look, 
        The distinctive look
        Great value, many features
        Easy to use, fast, quiet, low profile, fairly versatile.
        Free, Ink lasts, easy use and configuration
        Good Price
        Great print quality, low price
        Affordable, good quality
        Great Name
        great quality for the price
        it's an HP
        Reliable, Easy to setup, Acceptable print quality. 
        used to make really good copies
        Everything
        Cheap price, easy to install, cartridges are easy to change
        Works for years with normal use.  Prints text and basic color projects adequately.
        good quality and reliable
        cheap, color and black at the same time
        Great picture and text
        Low - price, good output
        good quality
        Low ink usage, Decent prints at 600X600 dpi
        Low cost, well made
        Nothing
        the actual printer is cheap
        Good price, clear color
        price
        Does a good job!
        Low Cost, High Quality 
        nicely priced, color prints are very nice
        great price
        fast, good quality, cheap, reliable name brand
        Good price, Good quality, Dual Ink Cartridges
        decent print quality
        Low cost, good print quality
        Price and production for light use is great, heavy use-could be better
        price
        Inexpensive,  reliable
        Quiet, plain paper, color printer
        text, ease of hookup and installation
        Print quality, Initial cost, Ease of operation
        Has lasted a few years
        3-6 Refills For Only $38.00!!
        good cost
        speed, quiet, print quality
        stylish, work great
        Contoured Design, Print Rate
        Good photo quality and images overall, cheap
        Dual cartridge unit, (Black/Color), can use a photo cartridge.
        Great price, HP reliability
        Low Cost, good black text printing
        affordable, versatile, quick with text
        When it works, it's OK
        prints like a pro, easy to set up
        Simple, easy to use
        Affordable, Fast black printing
        Came free with my computer, works OK
        Very inexspensive
        Price, ease of use, quality of construction and printing
        good price, easy to use
        Good text printing
        cheap, good quality
        Print Quality
        good only if you want to print letters or simple reports in black ink.
        cheap, reliable, dual cartridge
        cheap, reliable, easy to use
        Works well
        Low price, high Value.  Good black and white quality.
        Cheap, Color, Economic Ink feature
        reasonably priced,easy setup,works with anything
        Clear, sharp text printing in black ink and reasonably priced.
        Good paper feed
        none
        In-expensive
        Great Quality, Print Cartridges Last A LONG Time
        Print quality is OK
        inexpensive
        easy to use, low price, decent quality
        Brand reputation, clear printing
        none
        Nice colour printing
        Customer service was helpful, cheap
        Excellent product and reliability
        High Quality, Good Price, Lasts a Long Time
        Outstanding print quality, unbeatable price.
        The cost for a great product, ease of use, and customer service.
        Price, picture, look, everything!
        ink cartridge, paper alignment 
        Does the mechanical functions of its job correctly
        Easy to use, great quality. Quick printing
        Fast, friendly, affordable
        The draft quality mode is pretty fast, but the ink bleeds everywhere...
        Prints very clean copy!
        Inexpensive and quiet
        Inexpensive and quiet
        Solid, Nice looking output, USB
        Good Print Quality for the money
        A small affordable color printer that is easy to set up and use.
        Cheap.
        fast and quiet
        great value at a low price
        Great Price!
        Great quality, Good drivers, looks kinda cool, USB *or* parallel connection, Mac compatibility, Bigass ink cartridges last a long time, HP reliability, very very good deal.
        USB Support, cheap price up front...
        Cheap! Color. Same look and feel as other HP DeskJets
        Great quality color and black and white printing for a really good price
        Nice Body, easy to install, clear, bright colors.
        Came free with my iMac, so the price was right!
        Widely supported, Consistent Quality, Prints envelopes and supports fan-fold paper
        Prints clearly, easy to use, easy to load the paper into.
        Economically priced.
        It never makes a blob, is economical to use, the ink lasts long and it hardly ever has paper jams. 
        Excellent black/white and color printing, Stellar performance/price ratio
        great price
        Efficient, clear
        Inexpensive printer from a great company
        long life, ink cartridges last long
        Exceptional quality, very versatile,very affordable
        Reasonable price, crisp colors, okay speed, very quiet
        compact
        low priced
        Cheap, compatible with most computers
        good quality,good speed,competitive price,excellent properties and services
        cheap refurbished ink save lots of money over time
        It will handle most small office needs
        holds both color and black cartridge, price, envelope feeder
        easy to use, great quality
        Easy to use and good text printing
        Good sized, separate ink cartridges
        Price vs. Quality is superior!
        many
        No paper jams. Excellent support. Good price.
        Good quality
        easy setup, good quality of printing
        long lasting ink cartridges, good printing output
        affordable, good for printing text
        Very Clear Precise Printing
         love the color accuracy
        good sized, fairly quiet
        Quality printing affordable price.  supplies easily obtained and replaced
        A work horse, at a fair price...
        cheap
        quick, easy to use, dependable
        Low Price, Brand name and Reliability
        Holds a lot of paper, easy to use, versatile
        Reliable, Clear, Easy to use
        prints  kinda fast
        good quality printing
        easy to use, quality projects
        not too expensive, clear &amp;amp; sharp printing
        Easy to Use, Easy to Set Up
        inexpensive
        nice quality of prints
        Quiet, fast, good quality
        cheap
        Great Color &amp;amp; Printing
        Text output is sharp, color pictures are good.
        Reliability
        good quality, decent speed
        Came with computer, good black ink printing, quick black ink print time
        Good text quality, works in DOS also.
        sturdy, sharp bright colors, inexpensive
        Not too pricey
        fast, durable, easy to use
        NONE
        Cheap
        Easy To Use/ Color/ Durable
        Quick
        Prints fast, medium quality, low price.  Good for those who print once every 2 or 3 days to once a week.
        Ink cartridge life
        Great Printer
        Great Print Quality
        Quick to print
        Easy to install, has performed flawlessly for 3 + years now.
        was good at first
        Price
        good for text documents, banners, small projects
        good quality, fast, easy
        Modern looking
        None.
        Cheap, Nice Color Output, Fairly Fast
        I works for home use
        Cheap; works ok
        photo-layering inexpensively, quiet
        easy to use, great quality
        Best Color Prints ever
        Inexpensive, great quality, doesn't guzzle ink
        fast enough, good color, cheap
        Very quiet
        high quality, quality printing in color and black and white, increase printer cartridge volume
        Fast, crisp and clear printing
        The HP 712c is a great product for the money.
        great printer, quality
        clear pictures, fast
        Easy Installation. Love the power cable.
        nice print quality
        great quality, easy setup
        Cheap, good prints, easy to use, can take a beating
        very good printer
        Speed and Quality
        High-quality printing, good reliability
        great quality, decent price
        600 dpi in black and white, PhotoREt II color
        Speed, Quality
        Great quality and price
        decent printer
        quality output, silent
        Inexpensive, superb image quality, fast printing, very quiet.
        lots of features for good price
        Works quickly
        affordability
        great value, crisps black print, near photo quality color prints
        Dependable, clear, moderately fast
        color &amp;amp; black cartridges, good price
        very fast printer
        quiet and efficient
        Compact, Quiet, Clean print both black and white and color
        quality
        Reliable and inexpensive
        Ease of setup, use.
        Great Color.  Great Price
        Excellent printing, uses plain paper, doesn't get hung up
        easy to use and install, software that comes with it, not too expensive
        Speed, quality of printing
        ease of use, quality, price
        never jams, ease of changing ink 
        inexpensive, high quality, small, quiet
        good value, good quality
        Excellent quality and reasonably priced
        reliable, quality
        Great photo quality
        prints out fast, color, black and white, photo-like pictures, easy to use
        Easy to use
        Price,Quality &amp;amp; color
        Inexpensive, Fast, Reliable, Easy
        multi functional
        Price
        Excellent speed, dual cartridges, bottom paper feeder, uses the PhotoRET-II layering technology, and what a price!!
        Quality
        Easy to use, variety of options
        Easy to use!
        affordable and awesome
        Fast, cheap and doesn't drink ink by the gallon.
        Great color quality
        quick, clear and cost efficient!
        Good Quality, Good Value, Dependable
        Dependable
        Price, quality of printout, versatility
        easy to use, plug and play
        Great color quality, fairly quick, inexpensive
        life like printing colors
        Clear, color true, versatile.
        Great print quality, ease of use
        Great quality, low price, easy to replace the ink cartridges
        Reliable and Reasonable Cost
        fast, quiet, good quality
        Fast, Good print quality.
        does not screw up; crisp, clear images; good ergonomics
        Performance, Price, Bonus Software, Top is flat so you can stack stuff on it!
        Smooth Printing
        Inexpensive, easy-to-use printer for casual printing
        Low price, High Quality
        Good quality prints.  Great price for what it can do.
        Very reliable, easy to set up and use, affordable quality...truly a no-brainer!
        Prints beautiful pictures. 
        Inexpensive printer
        Cheap, Affordable, Fast
        Does a Great Job
        Reliable over time, good value
        FAST, Excellent quality text and color
        Foolproof, great color prints, fast, hassle free
        Good print quality easy to set up for a single computer.
        print quality, ease of use
        overall beauty
        easy to use, superb quality printing in black and color
        good price, good quality, good color
        good quality
        Great Photo Quality
        fast, reliable, ink-efficient, compact, high quality image
        Quality, speed
        Excellent quality, reliable, easy to use.
        versatile and cost efficient
        Excellent quality on color and black ink.
        Solid work horse.  Excellent quality and reliability.
        Great quality and quiet.
        quiet, fast, attractive, excellent print quality
        quality, ease of use, low maintenance
        RELIABILITY, print output, photo quality reprints, easy on ink
        Quiet, speed, quality work
        Tough printer, easy to use, inexpensive, fast, quality printing.
        Good output, easy install, high reliability.
        prints clearly
        Vibrance and Clarity to Various Projects
        Sharp image quality, easy to use/install, prints on a large variety of paper types.
        Photo Quality, Cheap, Easy to use
        good quility
        prints great photos
        Great printer for text, graphics and photos.
        Great quality, exceptional speed, quiet
        Decent color and quality for price
        Speed, Quality, Ease of Use, Price
        no problems
        Speedy, quiet, versatile
        Inexpensive, Superb Quality.
        Affordable and great graphics printing
        speed and clarity, low cost
        Easy to use and set up with any program
        Speed, print quality, reliability
        Speed and image quality
        Great quality print and graphics
        Fast, quiet, sharp
        Great color, easy to install
        fast, great color pics, quiet.....
        easy to use
        high resolution color prints, fast, easy to set up
        great quality, fast printing
        Fast and easy
        everything
        Dependable, quite, size and quality.
        Great Quality Printer
        Size, Price, Quality, Speed 
        tons of them
        Photo quality, rarely jams, top of the line printer
        Quality Printer with the HP Quality Name
        great color, works well, went down in prices
        sharp, fast black and white printing; detailed color printing; easy to use
        reliability, printing quality, ease of set-up &amp;amp; use
        Does a very nice job if you set up properly.
        Admirable quality photo reproduction
        Clear print quality, great color
        Quiet, Economical, Trouble free
        Quality, Style
        PhotoRetII/III is trully the BEST printing tech currently avilable. Semi-Prof Photo output.
        quality, reliability and price
        Good Print quality, fast
        Cheap
        Overall good text and picture output.
        Service 
        great color, inexpensive
        Excellent Print Quality: Low cost cartridges; Reliable
        Crisp, clear copies
        Simple to set up and use; easy to change cartridges; versatile
        High reliability and great quality makes it a top choice
        Photo Quality Prints
        Fast, reliable, QUALITY product
        Price, reliability, support, ease of use and maintenance
        Versatility, Reliability, Cost effective
        Cheap, Good quality
        inexpensive
        Great quality! great speed! turns itself on when you print! great costumer care!
        Prints beautiful quality photos, easy to use
        excellent print quality, affordable, durable, never jams, easy to use
        Produces a Great Printed Product
        Ease of use, quality and quiet operation
        great text and photo printing
        Great printing and great price
        Good software, lasts along time
        High quality printing..Good to have copies of things
        Durability, image quality, quiet operation, speed.
        inexpensive, quality printouts
        Works fine when new
        A medium priced printer with  high priced features.
        Everything!
        Quiet operation, ease of use, you get more than what you pay for
        Price, durability, quality.
        Fast, Reliable
        Decent printing, cartridges last well
        Fast printing, decent text output
        good print quality
        Inexpensive, easy to use, good quality.
        This printer is a great starter printer.
        Excellent photo-print quality
        A tough little printer that will outlive its cartridges again and again!
        great print quality, price
        Small, lightweight, easy installation, inexpensive
        Fast, Reliable, Good Quality
        Reliable, quality printing
        Very reliable, quiet, made to last, small footprint
        Print quality is excellent
        Easy to use, highest quality printing. Excellent machine.
        Near photo perfect print quality
        Output quality, construction, and driver support.
        Reliable, high quality print results.
        prints well, quickly
        Low cost, high print quality, front load paper tray
        Great print quality
        Quick printing speed, great resolution, paper never jams
        Great image quality, easy to use
        Cheap, reliable
        Good speed, runs quiet
        Good print quality
        fast, quiet, dependable, quality printing
        nice printing, high quality
        Great quality for it's price!
        clean, legible, quiet and efficient
        Fast, great output
        Prints beautifully!
        Great picture quality, cheap printer!
        decent printing speed, good quality (black and color), inexpensive
        decent price, good for text
        Print quality, HP customer Service
        Good print quality, quiet, reliable
        works at a good speed, near-perfect color, doesn't jam
        Great Print Quality, Fast, Quiet
        Fast, easy to install, cheap
        Very easy setup and installation
        Price/Performance, typical HP quality
        Superior quality for the low cost
        Does a great job with printing color
        Price, quality of color and black &amp;amp; white printing, easy set-up
        Good quality, good speed, affordable
        Easy and reliable
        Quality, USB connection, Ink Supply
        Easy to use, easy to set up
        Price, Quality, USB
        Good color quality, sharp text, faster than most color inkjets.
        Price, speed, quality, ease of use/installation
        Good on Graphics, Pretty fast, Quiet, Great Printer
        print speed, photo reproduction
        GREAT COLOR PICTURES
        Color Smart Technology III, Two-Sided Printing, Fast, Quite.
        Great print quality, ease of setup, ease of use.
        Great price, good quality
        Quick, easy installation, good print
        Quality, quiet, and affordable 
        Clean, fast entry level printer.
        Great price, good speed and picture quality
        Image, Speed, Quality, and great Customer Service
        cheap, fast
        Quality fast quiet printing
        quick and good color
        Fast, reliable, and inexpensive
        Prints great quality papers
        affordable, wonderful quality on any paper
        It is reliable
        Ease of use
        cheap, output same as 890cse, outstanding paper handling, HP black
        Good Quality Pictures
        Great photo printing, descent text, USB and parallel interface
        Produces High Quality Prints, Easy To Set Up &amp;amp; Use, Reasonably Priced, Fun Software...
        Very fast, Great performance
        excellent print quality
        Cheap
        very good quality of printing, shape allows you to sit it on a shelf
        Easy to use, high quality printing
        Fast, Cheap, Excellent quality
        Great quality for the price
        quality printing
        speed, resolution, ease of set up, USB support 
        quality print, fits in small space
        Great print quality for a lower priced printer
        Oh man...you want me to list them all?
        Ease of use
        Quality of print is great
        Great quality prints.
        Prints fast and quietly and never fails
        Quality results, print head new with each cartridge, consistent
        great print quality
        clear printing and great colors!
        Price, ease of use, quality
        Good price, and the company making this printer cares about their customers.
        Great all around printer
        Cheap ($99.99) Fast &amp; Easy (just like I like them)
        Quiet, Fast, Good Quality Printing. The HP Name
        compact, easy to set up, USB interface, good print quality
        Ink cartridge is refillable, ink last a while, fast and looks good
        cheap, reasonable quality
        Affordable, high quality colors, laser quality blacks.
        Very low price, good quality color, fast and quiet operation
        beautiful print quality, very easy to install and use, good options, no jams
        The low price makes it very convent
        HP quality, never jams, quiet, nice photo output
        I have never had a paper jam or any problems with it.
        looks nice
        Great printer, as long as you don't need to print anything.
        Inexpensive,reliable,and prints rather quickly.
        Great price, easy installation and it prints fast!
        Easy to install &amp; use. Low $$ good output
        inexpensive, high quality, small, quiet
        Price, great photos even on plain paper, big ink cartridges
        adequate printing speed, good print quality, economical
        great quality, fast, quiet, inexpensive
        GREAT, PRINTS CLEARLY
        Clear deep images
        Wonderful Printer
        Fast, clear printing.
        Color and black print are excellent, very user friendly
        easy on ink, prints phots cheaper than most printers
        Photo Ret. 2 Technology, (perfect for photos), excellent speed, great for home-users, backed by HP customer care!
        Quiet, quick, great printing
        Looks good, prints great
        Excellent quality, low-maintenance, large cartridges, quick print speed, low price 
        Fast, quality pictures, great color and ease of use
        Simple perfection
        Many
        photo quality, ink usage
        Outstanding print quality, 10ppm in econofast black and white, cool new styling
        Low price, outstanding print quality
        HP always makes good products, and this is their best ink jet printer
        Inexpensive, simple to use, reasonably fast, quiet, compact, and produces superior quality print
        Great price, print quality 
        Great print quality, affordable
        Sharp text, average speed, easy to use and affordable
        Good everyday home printing, ease of use, HP name.
        HP quality, quiet operation
        Quiet, reasonably priced, quick, excellent prints
        Easy to set up, high quality print good windows drivers
        It works
        Superb Black and Color Printing!  Excellent Photo Quality!
        Completes many tasks well.
        Vibrant color, reliable model, easy software control
        Quiet, quick, quality! Cheap and cables included.
        Cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quality Printing
        Very easy to set up, good quality
        Easy to install.  Quiet! Excellent printing quality.
        Speed, price
        Great photographic output, very good price.
        Great quality, especially for the price; easy to operate.
        Quiet, Fast, Excellent text quality, Minimal Ink usage.
        Quiet, print quality, HP customer service
        Runs good (when it works)
        Easy to use
        Great quality, quite, fast, reliable
        Affordable and durable.
        Excellent print quality; easy to install; very inexpensive
        Excellent quality printing, I prefer it to any other...
        HP top-shelf brand history cannot be denied!  Low price.  Separate print cartridges.
        Good image quality, very inexpensive.
        good clear pictures, good color prints
        Prints great, no paper jams, compact size and design, easy to use
        Quality of print, ease of use
        High print quality/great price!
        great for copying pictures
        quality printing, high ppm, long-lasting
        Expensive features, low price
        Reliable, good print.
        Print Quality, Durability, Ease of Install
        Affordable, Excellent Quality Output, Does not jam
        Wonderful Quaility
        Doesn't misfeed 
        Great quality for the price.
        Quality text and photo images
        Price, HP, Photo
        Very cheap, fairly good resolution
        Color Layering Technology 
        simple to install, clear text print, inexpensive
        Trust in the name and price
        You can always fine HP to be a reliable product.
        New low price. Quality product
        Very Affordable,Easy TO Install,Beautiful Color Pictures
        Good buy for the money, quite, easy set-up, good paper handling
        Simple to install, easy to use, good print speed, great quality.
        Great quality printing for an affordable price.
        excellent quality, dual cartridge
        Relatively inexpensive
        Great quality printing, you can trust HP
        Good Quality Print
        Ease of use, Compatability, high quality color for price paid
        affordable,great pictures,and has not jammed on me once
        Photo quality, quiet, long-lasting ink, text quality
        Low Initial Cost; Front Loading;
        A Reliable printer; Inexpensive
        Fast black &amp; white and color text, Dual cartridge holder
        Great quality, well built, quiet
        simple to use
        Fast, Easy Install, Good quality
        Inexpensive, easy set-up and use, prints color and black and white easily, not too big.
        Relatively Cheap, Fast, Prints Nicely
        Fast
        High quality output and price
        Cheap yet good quality, big ink cartridge
        Great quality, easy to use.
        Never jams, quite good output with color management software
        Never jams, quite good output with color management software
        Long term reliable for paper feed and print quality.
        Good Speed, Great Quality
        Speed, Print quality,  USB/Parallel
        great pics , great speed
        speed, color graduations, picture resolution, sharpness of print
        Cost and quality
        Sturdy. Fast. Great Output product.
        Easy to install, clear prints
        Print Quality and Conservation of Ink
        Inexpensive, Great Print Quality on Plain Paper, Fast, AND Quiet
        Fast. Terrific quality. Sleeker design
        Quality, Speed, USB, Price
        Quality printing, fast for family and reliable
        Good Crisp Color, Fast Black &amp;amp; White, Simple Design
        Excellent print speed and quality
        Great quality output, quiet
        Print quality, speed
        Fast, easy to use, amazing quality, great for photo's
        Great price, awesome print quality!
        Simple enough for any nitwit to set up (myself included) 
        WONDERFUL photo quality
        hands down the best for the buck: speed, resolution, quality
        great pictures
        speed, convenience, efficiency, professional
        crisp pictures, moderately fast. easy, economical
        FAST, great text and color, quiet
        Hardware is reliable.  Conserves ink.
        USB port, economical, speed, high quality
        Good printing speed, excellent quality, reasonable price
        fast printing, great colors, great printer
        perfect for printing pictures
        Lots of ink, photo-quality printing, comes with loads of software
        Excellent all around product
        Great speed and price
        Good price, affordable, quality prints
        quality prints quickly
        Cost, print quality, reliability
        Excellent outcome when printing pictures.
        Perfect!  Small, fast, quiet, convenient
        Crisp, quiet and fast printing
        Value, Color, Cost
        USB-based, efficient, good quality color
        Print anything
        Great Speed; Nice Photo Quality; Crisp Text
        Easy to use with great pictures
        Great picture quality
        Quality, Long Lasting Ink, Good Value, Durable
        Fast- Good quality- Relaible-
        Print quality, software, speed
        EASY EASY EASY! beautiful printing, bright colors, FAST!
        Fast. Great print quality!
        Inexpensive, great print quality, uses little ink per print, rarely ever jams, can print envelops, prints quickly.
        good quality and color
        USB connectivity, ease of use, quality of prints
        fast, reliable, good quality
        easy to use, affordable
        Great quality! Does a fine job.  Photos look great! Very efficient!
        Fast, great quality text &amp; graphics, low ink use
        Easy to use; no paper jams; decent quality
        Beautiful Machine
        Reliable
        Crisp copies in both color and black and white
        Good resolution and print quality
        Fast, reliable, easy to use printer. Vibrant, brilliant colors
        Color quality and ease of use
        great print quality, easy to operate
        Speed, quality of print and color, quiet
        quality production
        Beautiful, accurate color; fast
        USB, Speed, Photo quality prints
        great fast color inkjet, network capabilities
        10 Pages per minute black printing speed, 6 color
        Cost effective, fast, high quality, quiet
        Crisp text, fast ppm
        Good software and technical assistance
        Average Print quality
        Quality and Speed
        Color output and clarity coupled with speed and silence
        great design
        Speed, color
        great prints
        good quality of printing
        Great print quality
        GREAT PRINTS, VERY QUIET
        Fast at both text and color printing
        Easy set-up and use. Relatively small footprint
        easy to install &amp;amp; takes up little desk space
        Great quality of print
        very quiet, ink doesn't smudge, and is reliable
        Fast, great quality
        Small, high quality, fast
        Quality of print, quiet, HP Brand Name
        Excellent printer at a great price.
        speed, quality
         Fast clear print quality
        Excellent near-photo quality printing, dependable
        blackest blacks - deepest true colors, non smearing/fading ink, does not clog or dry up, fast printer, outstanding image quality
        Quick, Efficient, Low operational cost, Superior print quality
        durable
        Quick output and excellent quality
        Laser-quality inkjet text and the whitest inkjet papers.
        Superior print quality, fast speed, sturdy &amp;amp; durable
        fast, good quality printing
        Quality, reliability
        Great Text &amp;amp; Graphics; Great ink usage.
        Great print quality, speed, and reliability
        Speed, good print quality, smoothness
        VERY fast, good sized, easy setup, USB or parralel port friendly
        Great print quality and quite too
        Great Color
        Speed, quality, ease of use
        Good Speed, Great Quality, Very quiet
        print quality, color
        Easy to use
        Faster Than Average Printing, Easy To Use &amp; It's An HP!
        great quality
        Easy to set up and use, no paper jams, prints well on card stock
        Quiet, paper lays flat, nice big ink tanks, fast. 
        Speed, Quality, Stable in Windows
        Prints fast text documents, Quality photos.
        Great photo quality, long life cartridges, and faster than most.
        Great color 
        Affordable, high quality pictures and text, fold up paper tray.
        Outstanding images and graphics on photo papers. Low first cost price tag.
        Cheap, decent print quality, can you say DeskJet 930!
        Cheap, easy to use, easy to set up
        High quality color, USB connection, very quiet, compact size
        Quiet, nice print, reliable
        It's an HP!  Fast, great print quality.
        USB and and LPT1 port, less then $99, wonderfull picture quality
        cheap price, quiet, easy to use, solid!
        Easy set up, Ease of use, no paper jams, great resolution
        very cheap
        Features, size, print quality, quiet
        Price, Software, Ease of use and installation, Print Quality.
        Quite and Excellent for the money now that the price has dropped
        Excellent print quality and ease of use.
        User-friendly controls, quiet
        Durable, long ink life, price.
        None
        NOTHING
        Laser quality text, low ink costs and reliability
        Great print quality.Quiet.
        Great color and speed at a great price
        A great printer at a good price.
        Quiet. Crisp output.
        Beautiful text and graphics; easy to use.
        Print out quality, good value on the inks
        Fast, silent and excellent quality
        they are always below
        Trustworthy customer service, excellent print and picture quality
        Quiet printing at an affordable price, by a name you can trust.
        Easy to use, great resolution, inexpensive
        Great text, image &amp; color quality, inexpensive, fairly fast
        Fast, Great Quality
        Great pictures!!
        fast, tray folds up, clear print
        Space saving paper tray, Cost
        Great Prints, Great Color
        Excellent print quality for under $200
        UPDATE!!! Best quality I've ever seen for inkjet
        Smooth, quite, good ink economy, great photo quality, and great price.
        Excellent picture printing quality, fast and quiet printer 9ppm/~8ppm color on economode, low cost and great bang for your buck, good ink economy, and same print engine as 950 and 970 series printer (for the most part)
        Relatively cheap, fast in both B&amp;amp;W/Color, great color
        Great Price, High Quality color printing, quiet, HP Product
        Great print Great price
        Excellent print quality, good price
        Value, Color Quality, Fold Up Tray
        Great price, excellent print quality
        quality of print, speed
        cheap, high quality printing
        Fast, great resolution, no feed/jam problems
        Affordable, neat design, space saver, relatively faster.
        Excellent Quality, Space Saving Features, Great Speed
        EVERYTHING IS GREAT
        great life for the starter cartridges..how about the full ones?? Just getting ready to find out!
        Fantastic results at a great price, fast, quiet and easy to use and install.
        Great quality even on regular paper, Super-quiet, cheap, good compatibility
        Lovely print jobs, great pictures
        quality product w/good output. Quiet and affordable
        clear quality printing, price
        quiet, faster, great photo on photo paper
        Great photos, fast, free with rebate
        Excellent output, silent, fast, cheap, small
        two side printing
        Quiet, 2400x1200 dpi, Small (folding tray), USB, Ink Level Monitoring
        Great print quality and speed
        Speed, quality, color, price
        Awesome printing quality, very quiet
        Everything
        Quick text, Quality prints, Few jams, Durable, USB or Parallel, Long-lasting ink
        photographs, speed
        Print Quality, Price, And Nice Chassis
        Great print quality and speed
        Great printing, well built, easy to use/maintain
        Faster, higher resolution, nice photo quality
        Space saving, high quality images, inexpensive
        Great printer for a great price
        low price, quiet, color quality great
        Fast, Excellent Quality, Space Saving
        High quality, Well designed driver software, quiet
        Good looking, large ink cartridges
        It is fast, easy to install and use, compact.  
        great price, great color prints
        Very easy to use, great value for money
        Cheap, Great Quality, USB
        excellent print quality, ease of use
        Easy to set up &amp; use. Excellent quality print jobs and pictures.
        price, good quality printer, fast, supports both USB and parallel
        Quick set-up and easy to use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Good quality printer in a compact case.
        Unbelievable Print Resolution!!  Quiet.  Affordable.
        HP reliably, and print quality. Folding paper tray, USB interface, print cartridge level indicator
        Inexpensive, Beautiful Print Quality, Top Brand Name, Very Quiet, USB/Parallel Interface, Small Physical Size
        Great quality prints, easy to use, easy to load paper
        Great quality, extremely quiet, no feeding problems
        12 Pages/Min (B&amp;W), 5 Pages/min (colour), quiet, economical, easy to install
        speed, durability, space
        Quiet, great photo printing
        Good print quality, good photo reproduction, and good price 
        Price, ease of use, clarity of print
        Quiet, easy to use, and affordable.
        Simple to install and use, Almost excellent print quality, Fair Price
        Fairly fast, sharp text, good quality even with medium paper 
        Great Printer - Great Price - Great Quality!
        Whisper Quiet, fast, affordable printing
        Clarity and speed is top notch.
        inexpensive entry in the color printing market
        Easy to use, inexpensive, nice color prints
        excellent photo reproduction; ease of installation and usage
        Very nice high-color prints, B/W printing is very fast.
        fairly quiet, good quality text, decent quality pictures
        Amazing quality, does photos very well!
        Excellent paper handling, superior print quality
        Quiet operation, front load paper feed
        Fast printing Balck and Color alike; Lots of options; Great Camera Prints
        Picture quality amazing! 
        High Quality Printer, Good color rendition.
        fairly reliable with XP and linux
        Excellent photo output.  Fast B&amp;amp;W output.
        Excellent Print Quality, Fast &amp;amp; Quiet, USB Interface
        Value, Quality, Design
        Clear, crisp and realistic color printing
        Great engineering, output and good price
        Cheap
        High quailty print, good speeds.
        Quality of prints, speed, price, ease of use
        Low annual cost, brilliant photo colors, sharp clear text.
        Prints out pictures well.
        Whisper-quiet, lovely print quality, relatively fast
        Excellent printing photos
        Superb,sharp color picture/text. Quiet. A tad faster than the norm for under $200.
        Great photo quality, affordable price, not a space-hog.
        Wonderful images, high speed, and easy to use!
        Awesome prints, photo process quality, has color &amp; b/w at the same time.
        User Friendly in all aspects
        Quiet, fast, great color quality
        Fast, quiet and the ink actually lasts.
        Price; Speed; Quality
        Very quiet. Low ink indicator
        Good printer for the money. Sharp images.
        Solid Construction, Quiet
        Very clear and sharp, inexpensive, light, USB, Tech support, long lasting cartrages
        Low cost good quality.
        Cheap, effective, perfect for a college student.
        Quiet, Quick, Fold up Paper Tray
        Easy to use, options, foolproof, good price for what you get, decent speed, color, and memory
        It's comparatively inexpensive, fast, and has great print quality
        Quality and price
        USB and Parallel, Excellent print quality
        great price, best quality 
        Photo quality color, can monitor ink levels
        Good output quality, reliable paper feeding, inexpensive
        vivid color pictures, sharp black text
        great looking prints, fast, quiet
        Cost, Speed, Quality, Service
        Great,  Cheap
        bang for the buck
        GREAT photo quality, fast printing, quiet
        great for photos,quiet
        great printer for the price!!!
        Great Quality. Small Design. Small Price Tag.
        Print Quality, Price, and Efficiency
        excellent print quality, low noise, auto maintenance
        Quiet, fast, inexpensive
        great quality printing, great price, many fun features
        Great quality, great speed, durability
        Speed, Noise
        Reliable and affordable
        good quality and speed for the price
        fast, good quality, quiet, efficient
        Good combination of features/price/quality
        Great quality, easy to use
        cant think of any
        Worked after being dropped
        no paper jam, durable, cheap, photo quality
        Speed, Quality, Reliability
        USB or Parallel compatible.
        Excellent Print Quality, Quick and Easy to Setup and Use
        nice body, paper tray fold up, two sided accessory
        Excellent resolution, good speed, great features
        easy to install, good quality printing
        Excellent color and sharpness,  piece of cake to operate
        Great quality
        Text print speed, nice color prints for &amp;lt;$200
        Great print quality and relatively fast
        Great speed, color printing, and very quiet.
        Fast, Quality, Price
        Super easy to set up, cartridges last longer than comparable models, good quality
        Very Quiet, Sharp Clear Printing
        Great quality, nice features, decent print speed.
        Quiet, excellent quality for the price, Durable, and a great low price
        Excellent print quality. Price. Handy bundled applets.
        Reliable, sturdy printer, awesome text quality, job cancel button. Quiet!
        Clean and quiet
        picture and text quality, price, no paper jam, can use parallel or usb cable.
        Quiet, Many Features, Compact (Paper Tray folds up for more work room), great price
        Great color pictures, fold up paper tray, fast.  HP!
        Excellent print quality for an ink jet. fairly compact with a fold-up paper tray.
        clear colored printing; quiet printing
        Very crisp text printing. Vibrant Color Usage. Photo Printing is exceptional.
        Decent quality printing, GOOD PRICE, fast, quiet.  SMALL IN SIZE.
        Great color and text.
        HP brand
        Low price, good quality, feature-loaded drivers, integral power supply.
        Very Fast, Photo quality-WOW!
        Fold-up paper tray; very quiet; good speed; excellent output; price
        Fast, quiet, easy to use, not too expensive
        Quiet, compact, ease of use. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Price, print quality, ease of use
        Good print quality
        Speed not bad for home use, reliable
        QUIET, fast, inexpensive, easy to use interfaces, bright colors, USB capability
        fast, quiet, excellent output, compact, sturdy, USB or parallel, Dos compatible
        Inexpensive, sharp color printing
        Name, speed, price.
        prints 9 pages a minute,7.5 pages a minute in color
        The price, the speed, the quality, HP printer reliability, low cost printer consumables
        Price, General reliability, Dual interface, Output quality, quiet, quick for the money.
        great images, inks refilled easily, inexpensive
        Price, Print Speed, Size, Look, Sound
        Affordable performance.  Easy installation.  Bang-for-buck.  
        Quiet, black and white printing very fast
        Easy to use, prints well
        Inexpensive; quiet printing; good quality printing
        good looking???
        Easy to use, nice looking appearance, small size, prints beautifully, excellent price
        Great photo print quality, extremely low price of printer
        Inexpensive, great text quality.
        Easy setup, fast printing, quiet printing, cartridges easy to change
        Nice, Fast,
        Print Quality; Speed; Value
        Quiet, fast, looks nice
        2400 x 1200 dpi for photo's/graphics; 600 x 600 dpi for text; 4MB built-in RAM
        Clear, good-quality print jobs
        it
        HP Quality
        Outstanding quality, Physical appearance is good, Easy to use, Good software
        quick, quiet and cute
        Marvelous quality prints, quiet, easy to use
        Fast, color, prints an array  of things
        Great looks, quality and price!
        Great print quality, diverse paper tray, fast printer, HP warranty and quality, low consumables cost
        Used to be a fine scanner
        high quality, fast, 
        Brilliant color and b/w printing, prints on photo size paper
        Don't know
        Great Quality
        Prints quickly, great color quality for the price, quiet, good looks, simple to use and set up
        Solid printing, fast, quiet, long cartridge life
        speed, quality, name
        superb print quality on photo paper, quiet, keen blue laser
        Very quiet, easy to setup, sharp characters and images.  
        Efficient and quiet, inexpensive
        Very Quiet. Front paper load
        Great photo quality, average text quality.
        Good Quality
        Quality of text, Size
        Great print outs,  Exceptionaly quiet
        compact, photo  quality, quiet
        Great output even on plain paper
        Astounding Photo-quality prints, fast, quiet, sleek, economic (ink), versatile
        Reasonable cost, Fast, great quality, cancel button.
        ease of use and setup, high-quality output, fairly high ppm
        Excellent photo quality
        Printing quality for both photos and type is excellent
        Great graphics
        Speed / Incredible photo reproduction
        quality color photos, fast, quiet
        Easy to use, dependable, good quality.
        Good value for cost
        Fast, quiet and good photo quality
        Ease of set-up, quality of photos
        Very sharp and colorful prints. Easy to use. Quiet. Fast. Price Drop of $100.
        Super quality print of photos and text!
        Nice quality output, quiet, quick
        Superb images of all types. Cartridges are a good value.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Quiet, fast, easy to use
        good print quality regular and pictures
        Excellent print quality, fast, good included software, quiet, inexpensive to operate.
        Fast, Quiet, reliable, awesome print quality, Print head on cartridge.
        Excellent color mode.
        A lot of features.  Quality printing.
        Size, speed, quality, looks, features, connection types (USB, Parallel)
        Easy, have never had any problems with it.
        Shreds paper quickly and efficiently
        Fast, good print quality, easy install, 8mb built-in memory, 1 year warranty.
        Great quality photo printing
        Great photo quality prints
        Great Quality Photo Prints, Cheap on Ink in the long run.
        Easy to use, great results
        Prints accurate pictures (in color and black/white), easy to use, efficient.
        Inordinate sound effects in office.  Printed daylight hours so everyone could sleep.
        quality, price, nice design, Photo Ret III&amp;#133;
        High Quality Color Prints
        Fast, fairly low cost
        It prints fast, easy to set up, print quality is great, and Ink indicator
        OK Printer for student/1st time user 
        Very fast, sturdy, has large paper tray, reasonable price.
        Ease of use, software installed without a hitch.
        Great print quality, laser-like speeds, low cost printer consumables.
        Excellent quality, fast, and reliable.  You have to get this printer!
        Fast PPM output, great DPI for color, 2-sided printing (optional).
        Fast and great resolution
        Print quality, speed, not really expensive
        Great quality printing for everyday printjobs and photos.
        Fast printing, Excellent quality, Quiet and Great Price
        Decent PPM, quality color, parallel or USB capable, nice options 
        Fantastic Color Photo Printing, Auto-paper sensor, Fast Printing
        Great printing speeds both B&amp;W/Color. Crisp photo quality
        A very fast printer with brilliant photo quality.
        Fast, high-quality output at an affordable rate!
        Great print quality, laser-like speeds, low cost printer consumables.
        Beautiful photos at a good price
        Clear black text; nice graphics and photo printouts; solid construction and 150-sheet paper tray.
        Speed, use of use, quick set up, two sided printing.
        Output quality, speed, duplexing
        Fast text output and superior photographic repro.
        plug-and-play, double sided printing, color output, handsome design, quietness
        excellent color and black print quality, compact, moderately priced
        Double Sided Printing, Quiet,, Stable
        Excellent print quality, fast
        Very fast printing
        Very good quality printing
        Quality and accuracy
        Very nice output. Quiet. Paper feed works well. Full-duplex.
        Good quality print, easy extra features, quiet, cost efficeint, well designed
        Quality... Speed...
        B&amp;amp;W Print Quality, Speed, Reliability, Quiet, and Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
        resolution, speed, technology
        great printing quality, great ad features
        Speed, low noise level, auto cartridge alignment, overall construction
        Speedy printing, photo quality
        vivid color pictures, sharp text
        two-sided printing feature
        crisp, clear photo realistic prints
        Ink cost, 2X printing.
        Quality print, relatively fast, duplex included, GREAT photos!
        Fast, high quality color printing.
        Great photo quality.  Very easy to use.
        quality output, easy to use, affordable, great HP support
        Auto dual sided feature, quiet, neat design.
        Great picture quality! Double sided printing
        speed, print quality
        sharp-clear printing/ super quiet.  easy to set-up
        Great general print quality.  Photo prints great on standard sized paper. 
        Fast, great photo quality
        It's A Professional Printer, You Can Print Photo Quality, It Has So Many Features
        Double Sided Printing, High Speed, Many Print Options, Versatile
        very sharp, high resolution, quick, 2 sided printing
        Duplexing mode, excellent resolution, Fast!  Smaller footprint
        Incredible text and photographic prints
        Great print quality, holds up under frequent use
        high printing speeds, excellent quality printing, made for most printing jobs.
        super quality machine and so far has the HP reliability
        Good quality, Good Price
        Fast, Great Printing, Good looking printer, USB port
        great quality, nice printing abilities
        Exceptional print quality (both photo and text). Affordable Duplex Value.
        Easy two sided copying, good quality printing
        Excellent quality, great photo capability
        high quality, very fast, 2 sided printing
        resolution, automatic duplexing, looks nice
        Quick and efficient with professional results. Capable of 2-sided printing.
        print quality, speed, ease of use
        Unbeatable, affordable, photo quality printing
        Good Speed, High Quality Images
        fast &amp;amp; Excellent Print Quality
        double sided printing, speed
        Nice features like 2 sided printing, excellent output
        QUIET, convenient, great resolution and quality
        everything
        outstanding output, quick, quiet
        Excellent quality and it's fun to watch the paper fly out after printing
        Very sharp, professional looking print outs
        12 pages per minute in black ink, 10 pages per minute in color, Smudge-resistant; fast drying ink, Beautiful photo-quality pictures.
        fast,quality and paper saving double sided printing ability
        Great Photos and two side printing
        durablity, print quality
        Very high quality at a low cost 
        Quick and quiet printing, colorful copies I'm proud to send my customers
        Live phone support, fax response; Web; one-year parts-and-labor warranty&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Very Nice Printer, Exceptional Speed
        Very nice print quality. doublesided printing is also nice!
        Good Printing Speed / Excellent Quality / Solid Construction / Easy Set-Up
        Quality Printing Every Time
        Two-sided printing, quiet, long lasting ink cartridges, envelope feed, quality print
        Very fast
        High quality prints, much improved speed from original PhotoSmart
        Great color; resolution; quiet performance; speed; duplexing; HP quality
        double-sided printing, high quality printouts, quiet
        auto duplexing, quiet, fast &amp;amp; professional quality
        Excellent color quality
        speed, color quality
        It's Fast and Quiet
        Unbelievable photo quality; quiet; no warmup
        Quality, speed, quiet
        styling, print resolution, beautiful photo color, price, paper handling
        Don't Hesitate
        Duplex printing, dual connecting capability
        fast, superb print quality
        EVERYTHING!
        fast, silent, nice design
        Great Graphics, AUTOMATIC Two-Sided Printing, Fairly High Speed
        High quality,easy, and quiet
        great quality printouts on photos &amp;amp; text
        Superior print quality on both plain and coated material. Quality construction. Quiet operation. Excellent customer service over phone and company web site. Prints on both sides of paper  automatically. 
        Quality, Speed
        Double side printing, quiet, fast
        Superb Quality, Laser-Like Speed, Double Sided Printing
        Great quality, speed, and professional looking.
        Fast, quiet, prints beautifully, double-sided printing.
        Fun Friendly Design!
        High Speed, Very Quiet, Instant On Feature, Double Sided Printing
        Awesome print quality, fast and quiet. Consistent color and tones.
        Quick Easy Installation, 99% of hardware included, Name Brand, double sided printing, 10 pages a minute in color, and 12  pages a minute in black, Great Software
        High Quality printing
        Great Print Quality
        Fast, crisp, reliable and good looking!
        Speed, color,quiet, good text
        Ease of use, quality
        Quick, great color, great picture.
        2400x1200!!  Feature packed
        Great for photo prints
        Quick, quiet, good price
        Good quality in general
        VERY VERY FAST!!! Photo quality
        Prints documents fast
        Good on all paper
        Picture quality, price, two sided copies
        good quality
        really really good quality
        High resolution printing of photographs, crisp document printing, adjustable feeds
        double-sided printing, ease of use, low printer fluid warning light
        fast, BEAUTIFUL printouts, great for photos
        crisp, clear photo realistic prints
        Outstanding Printer, Duplex, High speeds, small footprint
        Good picture
        Quickly prints up beautifully crisp color and black and white documents
        photo-quality color, high speed, whisper quiet
        read below
        nice features
        great quality
        Automatic two-sided printing , USB compatible, Fast and silent printing, Exceptionally sharp plain-paper printouts.
        Duplex attachment: great way to save paper.
        Amazing Quality, Good Speed, And Quiet
        The finest inkjet printer ever made in the history of the universe
        Fast printing, Excellent print quality, HP warranty, duplex module, &amp; low price
        Auto-Double Sided printing, great resolution.
        Super print-quality, quiet, leaps, simply all around good&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        The HP DeskJet 970Cxi is a very good  to use on some computers.
        Photo quality prints, prints nice and fast and its very quiet!
        Very Nice Printer, Exceptional Speed
        good price,nice pictures
        High quality printing, in black and white, or color.
        duplex printing, sharp text, good graphics
        Easy to Use, Fast, USB Connectivity
        Words printed are easy to read.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Prints at high speed
        Ease of use, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, value for money
        double-sided printing, high quality printouts, quiet 
        Extremely fast printing in Draft/Black mode. 2 sided printing
        Great Overall Printer
        Double sided printing, print quality especially on photos, tool-box, ease of use, speed using USB
        Print quality, automatic 2-sided printing, USB or parallel
        Duplex printing. HP reliability. Ease of use.
        Excellent brand--printing always comes out legible.
        High quality of printouts can print photographs, double side printing.
        Double sided printing
        Good print quality. Prints fast.  Great for home use.  
        high resolution, great for photos
        Very fast for high quality output. Very quiet
        High quality photo printing as well as text and graphics.
        good resolution, reliable company
        Ink Pouches
        Quick, clear printing with easy set-up.
        Quick, unbelievable color photos.
        VERY nice color and image quality.
        Superlative Print Quality, quietness, speed, two-sided printing is fab
        Magazine and photo-processing quality prints!
        Everything, excellent photo quality
        Name &amp; quality are great as always with HP.
        BRILLIANT color, fast black, HP quality
        It is a good quality printer
        Crisp,clear photo realistic prints....
        Good crisp black and white and great color.  Speed is very good.
        Print and build Quality, speed, ink usage, quite, hi-capacity ink, double sided printing.
        nice quality in grades of grey, color graphics, jam free, duplex attachment
        great print quality, 2-sided printing, envelope feeder, GOOD price
        Wonderful print and color quality.  Sometimes prints fast...see cons list
        Fairly quiet as ink jets go, good color output, auto 2 sided printing.
        quality, warranty, flexibility
        fast, quiet, IR, great quality
        Print quality and speed dramatically improved from our old printer
        Well, it does look nice.
        Quality, Speed
        Ummm...I guess it didn't burn my books and try to make me help take over the world
        Fast, reliable, great quality, lots of extras.
        superb quality, excellent speed
        Right Size, Great Features, HP Quality
        Very fast and ink efficient, Decently priced, Great photo quality 
        Great printing quality
        Fast, crisp output, accurate colors, 2-sided printing, envelope feeder
        Fast Printing,Some Cool gadgets for those who need them, low cost ink
        Connectivity, software, speed, print quality, automatic two sided printing, paper recognition
        Easy to install, easy to use, lots  of excellent features.
        Super quiet 2 sided printing
        Very fast text printing, Good quality pictures, , 2-sided printing, , Automatic Paper Type Sensor
        Excellent print quality, Dual ink cartridges. 
        Excellent picture quality.
        Great print quality, Extremely fast printer (laser like speeds), HP warranty and quality, low cost printer consumables, Infrared sensor. Duplex module included!
        fast, quiet, IR, great quality
        Very fast output, good quality print, double-sided print capability
        A fantastic Hewlett Packard Deskjet
        Low cost, high quality and FAST!
        Fast
        Quick, quiet, easy to install
        Quick, quiet, easy to install
        Small and quick.
        HP quality, quick, and sharp printing
        fast, easy setup
        Rugged, dependable, fast printing for complex jobs
        Clean print, easy to use, fits on my desk
        Easy to use, great quality and worth the money
        Small size, Affordable, Print Quality &amp; Speed.
        good print quality, easy to use, low cost
        Inexpensive, Good print quality, Fast
        Fast and trouble free
        600 dpi, quick, text and graphics print well, accepts variety of media, horizontal paper tray
        Excellent Quality, Low cost of Ownership, Fast, EASY
        Solid HP quality that is lasting and high quality output.
        Low cost and operation cost with HP quality printing.
        Ultra fast printing, low price, small size, print quality, made by HP.
        Small, fast, good quality print job, from HP.
        Cost, HP name, works well until it breaks
        professional quality printing, be as creative as you want to be.
        Fast, sharp printing! Toner keeps going and going...easy to setup/use - attachments available
        Rather fast, excellent service
        Good for limited desk space. Fair print speed and good print quality
        Small size, prints good copies
        dependable, good quality
        small , compact
        When it prints a page without jamming and the ink doesn't smear, it looks great!
        Fairly inexpensive, good laser-quality print.
        Good print quality, 
        Quality laser text and graphics... WHEN IT PRINTS
        Text Quality, Print output very good
        Nice print. 
        Affordable, Easy to Use, Crisp Lettering
        Very economical, clearly printed pages
        Quality, speed, price.
        I didn't pay for it. (Board of ed. did)
        good printouts, scanner, copier, low maintenance
        Sleek, simple, quick, quiet
        Small footprint, easy set up.
        Convenient,affordable,
        fast, sharp, replaces your fax machine, very nice software
        toner lasts 4000 pages, faster than inkjet
        Fast, High Quality, Maintenance Free
        speed is OK
        can print/scan/copy
        Cheap(ish!), Decent laser printer
        All in one design saves space, power and money
        compact, priced right, excellent print quality and quantity, coper
        Nice design. Printer, scanner, copier in one. Fast and reliable.
        fast &amp; clear printing
        Laser printer. Size.
        Very fast, sharp image, nice dpi
        Good quality at a fair price
        Flexability, HP reliability
        fast print for it's size, multifunction
        Excellent performance
        Clear, crisp print.  Quiet operation. Decent Value. Small footprint.
        many capabilities
        Crisp text
        High quality Print with low cost consumables
        Print Quality &amp;amp; Reliability
        Less maintenance cost than other printers; high quality rep
        Fast, quiet, good print quality, and incredibly easy to setup and use. 
        Well built, fully supported, easy to install and use, etc.
        small size, very speedy, accessible, never any problems, is very helpful
        Fast, good printing for most applications
        Small, Fast Print Speed, Great Print Quality
        easy install, reliable, networkable, good quality output
        Quality...  Speed...
        Small, Good Build Quality
        Reliable, inexpensive to print.
        easy to use, great quality, fast
        Print quality, printing speed
        quality print
        high quality, inexpensive product
        fast, powerful, easy to install
        Excellent quality printing; very user-friendly
        speed, quality, dependability
        print quality
        Great Quality, Very Reliable, Easy to Use
        Great print quality, HP name.
        Produces quality print jobs, scan images and copies
        Everything
        all in one, small footprint
        Compact, excellent quality print, well-built
        speed, multi function
        Highly Reliable Printer With Few Maintenance Issues
        Fast, Sleek, Compact, Top Quality
        Small footprint, HP name.
        Incredible print quality, lasting toner, and speed.
        Good price on a personal laser printer. Crisp printing. 
        Small, inexpensive, faster than ink-jets
        HP, Easy to use, reliable, expandable, two paper exit paths, envelope support
        fast and clear
        When it works it is fast, high quality and has a small desktop footprint
        Nice, white case.  Compact size.
        Very Reliable! Easy to set up. 
        Quality and Reliability
        Good print quality, inexpensive, can be upgraded
        nice, sharp image, fast!
        Good prints, ok price, easy setup.
        reliable, won't break
        compact, fast, quiet
        Reliability, Small Form Factor
        Great laser printer for a single user
        Small footprint; Easy paper loading
        Small, easy to setup, simple software package. Cheap replacement cartridges. Inexpensive printing over time.
        HP name, small footprint, low price
        An overall good company.
        compact shape, totally quiet energy saver mode, great text output
        Fast and clean.&amp;#9;
        nice new design, ease of use, flexible
        USB and parallel ports for easy printer sharing
        1200 dpi&amp;#13;&amp;#10;microfine toner
        easy to setup, large paper bin, fast printing, PS level 2, USB
        excellent print quality, amazing speed, cheap ink, nice design
        excellent print quality, amazing speed, cheap ink, nice design
        Horizontal paper feed, High resolution, relatively fast, relatively inexpensive
        Good price.  Easy setup and good print quality.
        It's an HP
        Good entry level printer
        Inexpensive, fast printing
        Fast, Optional Networking, USB 2.0 compatible
        PostScript Level 2 emulation, speed, compatibility, print quality
        Very good resolution, quick printing, quite affordable, supports PC and Mac.
        Speedy Printing, easy to use, price
        Inexpensive, upgradable
        Very fast text printing.
        Fast, easy!
        Prints fast, clean text, easy setup, great for envelope printing
        Quick, Good Crisp Pages, Quiet
        Excellent quality printer. Quick and easy to set up.  Large paper tray. 
        Cheap, small, fast
        Quick, high quality output
        Easy to install - Problem free
        Great for small workgroups. Quiet; prints quickly; few paper jams; sharp, clear printouts.
        Quality of output; price; speed
        Very Fast, Very Affordable, Cheap Toner, Great Text Quality, Mac Compatible
        Crisp dark black text, excellent photo output, very speedy, very small
        smooth, fast, compact, large paper tray
        Pros don't matter if it jams virtually every time. 
        FAST, great graphics, USB support
        Fast, cheap, great B/W printing
        Fast, Crisp Text, Outstanding Design.
        Reasonable price, quick, quiet
        Very Fast Printing for Both Text and Graphics, Mac and PC Compatible.
        Great little printer for lower end print jobs
        IR port, network-ready version (the TN), speed
        High quality print, individual envelope feed, infrared connection (if you have that), comes with 8 meg of memory
        It's an HP.  And it's not terribly expensive.
        fast, great resolution
        1200x1200 dpi, 10 pgs/min., Infrared, Cancel print job feature
        Fast, reliable, versatile
        Does normal text well
        printer will last much longer
        reliable, straight paper path, irDA 
        Quality, Reliability, easy driver install.
        great text printing, decent speed
        Speed, Durability, Ease of Use, Cost
        IR Port, Excellent Print Quality, Decent Speed
        decent quality, good print, sort-of fast
        it's an HP
        Easy software. Postscript driver. IR port. Quiet.
        Hearty little printer with long life, printing a wide variety of media
        Excellent quality printing and never fails.
        fast, great looking, inexpensive upkeep, great with labels, not envelopes
        Sharp output, fast speed
        Dependable and Professional Quality Prints
        Crisp Text Output, Quiet 
        fast, good PL6 images 1200 bpi.
        Mac/Windows Autoswitch
        reliable and economical in the long run
        Dependable, good quality
        Quiet, small footprint
        Fast, versatile, excellent value for money
        Multifuntional and easy to use and setup.
        Space saver, high quality printing
        Speed, Functionality, Look
        Excellent printer hardware and software.  
        A great all in one machine for the small office!!
        A lot of functions, Physically attractive, Easy to use
        good print quality
        Very fast. laser quality printing and faxing 
        Not many
        Truly a workhorse for small office.
        Fast, Easy To Use, Reliable, Energy-efficient
        Many options, paper handling, multi-platform.
        The printer is a nice, fast, compact printer
        Quality of Image, Ease of Use
        Fast, reliable, can handle network printing, inexpensive
        good quality, easy to maintain, reliable
        Low consumables cost.  Fast printing, and quiet.  Sturdy and reliable as a brick.
        easy to set up, operate, all paper formats, superb quality
        Fast, reliable, great for corporate office or SOHO
        Excellent value, quiet, reliable.  Very good quality output.
        Very durable. Stands up to abuse
        Works hard and does it's job perfectly.
        VERY Fast, Reliable Printer
        Size, Dependability
        Great paper handling, high quality, high volume
        Very fast, versatility, quality print
        great long lasting printer
        Good perform
        Fast and Reliable
        very fast, very robust, very reliable, versatile 
        fast, reliable, easy-to-use, easy-to-configure, just works kinda printer
        Features (4050 Series), Panel Controls, Duplex available
        Print is crisp and clear
        quick to print, paper usually doesn't suffer 'crinkle effect'
        I have to install these printers.  They are easy to install.
        Beautiful sharp and consistant BW printing.
        Blazing fast, sharp images
        Fast, Durable, High Quality Printing
        Sturdy, dependable, and compact.  Easy to use and maintain.
        Relatively quick, durable
        Fast, excellent connectivity, light on tonner
        Lightning fast, great resolution, networkable
        Nice and compact
        Fast, Scalable, and Easy Software.
        Great print quality, reliable and easy to set up. 
        really fast, great text printing easy to use
        Works hard, good print quality, decent speed
        work horse
        Takes a lickin' and keeps on tickin'
        Built in network, 16MB memory and two paper trays
        Fast engine, easy network setup,works with Win2K like a pro, great image quality!
        Fast and high quality text, easy network connection
        Fast, very clear, very reliable
        Quality of output, Cost of consumables, Features
        Speed, versatility, networking
        fast,expandable,dependable
        VERY high quality, great compatibility, ease-of-setup, volume capacity, and SPEED
        Fast, high quality, reliable
        Fast, high-quality printer that lasts and lasts...
        Fairly fast printing for a small office use or personal laser printer.
        Quick printing, Takes up very little desk space, reliable.
        Small, upright, simple to use
        Cheap, Reliable, compact
        Reliable, inexpensive laser printer
        Fast, high quality printing 
        b&amp;w 600x600 dpi, text quality is good, image quality ok, light
        reliable, easy to use
        Size of printer, quality print
        Excellent print quality especially for the price.
        Steady, Reliable, Efficient and Versatile Printer
        Small footprint - not a kluge, good print quality especially in photos.
        it's an HP
        Rugged, durable, withstands silly secretaries
        small foot print
        excellent as a paperweight
        great quality, quick printing
        Compact.  Especially clear printing capability.
        basically none
        Prints quietly, Good quality print jobs
        Somewhat small footprint, and it is a true Laser printer.
        Takes the place of four machines.
        You don't need the software to use this printer
        compact, easy to read instructions, great printing quality
        all feature in one
        all in one, great space saver...
        Simple, Nice Looking, Quality Scanning and Printing
        cheap price; stylish; good software
        made by HP,4-in-1
        none
        Great Price, All the Features you want
        Great all in one combo for the money.
        print and scan quality decent
        Good print quality, nice fax features
        cheap and small
        Multi-function convenience 
        hey, it's four-in-one!
        4 in 1
        Lot of functions for the price, easy to use, great support 
        None
        price
        It has a compact design
        Accomplishes SOHO tasks fairly well
        User Friendly
        Everything at your fingertips
        easy set up, does what it says it will.
        versatility; durability
        Printer/Scanner/Copier/Fax all in one
        All-in-one is handy, great price, great quality
        Good printer, copier, and ok scanner, good software with it
        performs many tasks well, good price, not too bulky, reliable
        4 functions, 
        Multiple functions.
        4-machines-in-1 - for a dirt cheap price.
        Reliable; less expensive and easier to configure than buying individual components
        cheap and small
        It's not poisonous
        The fax works
        Looks really effecient
        reliable, good color, easy to control
        Price
        Fast, easy to use, not expensive, dependable brand
        Good value, versatile, combines many functions
        Good reliable machine for limited amount of space and money.
        Relatively Inexpensive to purchase
        NONE
        cheap and small, color faxing
        Fax is nice and clean
        Print Quality, Ease of Setup &amp;amp; Use, Price, Size
        Very versatile
        Cost efficient, dependable, great quality.
        multi-functional
        it can fax, print and copy
        Saves Desk Space.  
        Reliable, fairly easy to use. 
        THE COLOR PICTURES ARE REALLY CLEAR AND TRUE! 
        space saver
        GOOD ECONOMICAL PRINTER FOR SMALL OFFICE OR HOME
        Lots of features for the price range.
        good quality &amp; numerous capabiities.
        The fax feature, and scanning feature
        Ease of use for all ages; suitable for home or office
        no hassle, just works well
        Inexpensive with tremendous versatility and HP quality
        Easy to use and good quality prints.
        compact, stylish, easy to use
        It looks sleek,and offers multifunctions at a very good price.
        GOOD ECONOMICAL PRINTER FOR SMALL OFFIE OR HOME
        Fax works great.
        cheap and small, color faxing
        Ease of use
        Performs well, has a lot of options
        easy acess to important work getting done
        works half the time
        Features, size
        purchased at a great price, easy to use, convienient
        Multiple uses - fax, copier, color printer
        Convienient, looks good,
        Cheap, still works regardless of my abuses
        cheap and small, color faxing
        good color, durable , easy to use
        ease of use, scanning options and included applications, size
        it looks good and has good print quality
        Good all around light duty machine
        Simple software, inexpensive, great color rendering
        "All in one", Takes up little space, Brand name, Quick
        Decent quality, nice for home use as an all-in-one machine
        Great quality All in One plus it will copy, fax, and scan legal sized documents.
        Great ease of use with the walk up fax and as a copy machine.Fast scanning.
        Does everything, great print quality
        Fast and good print quality. Good paper handling.
        Print Quality
        Easy to hookup/install,, Easy to Use, HIGH quality printing, scanning, and copies
        Print quality, ease of use, ink cartridge life, legal size paper capability.
        Good print quality.
        All-n-one functionality
        Excellent features and physical layout.
        WOW!!! This does everything and WELL. I freed up about 3 sq.ft. of counter space.
        Great printing for a multifunction.  Card reader. Photocopying. Photo software
        Replaced 3 machines. Good print quality. Great Scanner. ADF included
        Fantastic photo printing when using premium glossy paper. Reliable machine.
        Fast printing, great photos, good utilities, easy installation
        A MACHINE YOU'LL FALL IN LOVE WITH
        Excellent print quality, faxing and scanning.
        Very effective, great special copy features, beautiful prints.
        All in one. Fax,Copy, Printer. What else is there to say
        good output quality
        Good print from pictures and documents on your computer
        Very reliable, easy to use, good overall in all functions
        Good for scanning to Acrobat.
        Great print quality, good color, easy to use
        Looks very nice and idea of all-in-one is excellent.
        Great Options 
        HP quality, fast and excellent printouts, and easy to use.
        Excellent design, great looks, excellent functionality, speed, quality, excellent copy function.
        Good quality inkjet printer and color copier
        Excellent quality in almost every area
        Everything
        Hardware
        Easy to use, fast printing and copying, excellent print quality.
        Good (intended) multifunctionality in a single device.  Decent InkJet copier
        Print and scan quality; integration
        Great scanning, great printing, excellent copying
        print quality, ease of use
        Clear and Simple
        excellent value for the money
        Simple to use all-in-one machine, great quality
        features, speed, resolution, efficiency
        printer, copier
        Hardware
        Less costly than buying all functions separately
        Color Copying quality and options&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Color Printing quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        good price, great quality of copying and printing
        Excellent quality and resolution&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to operate&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great support/warranty terms&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        3-in-1 
        Quality of scans, prints and copies are great.
        Great print quality, full featured, reliable, easy to use
        Four high-quality functions in one unit.  Excellent quality copies.
        Good quality output
        Set's up easily, Looks OK - that's it.
        High printing speed, easy to install, can print while scanning or receiving fax
        Printing quality, Speed, Multitasking, Cost-effective, HP reliability
        All in one, easy to set up &amp; use, great print quality
        Excellent hardware (read the other reviews)
        Excellent Quality for a LaserJet, Small footprint for the home office
        Sturdy, well designed, fully featured.
        All-In-One, Warranty, Quality, Easy-To-Use
        Efficient machine with all the features you can want
        Has all the bells and whistles, outstanding print quality
        FAST PRINTING
        Workhorse, never complains
        lightweight
        Good prints and reasonably fast.
        Space saving design
        Printer\scanner\copier\fax is perfect for the small business.
        Combines four machines in one
        Easy to use, good quality output, good speed
        All in one, easy to set up &amp; use, great print quality
        Great printer, scanner and fax
        Great image quality, most things work as advertised
        Nice multifunction machine for the price
        4-in-1 printer, copier, fax, scanner
        many features
        Top notch quality throughout - and photo quality that looks like it came out of a darkroom
        Excellent print , scan and copy quality
        great images, speed, easy faxing
        Quality of the printing both black/white and color, quality of the scanner, and the speed with which it produces a copy or sends a fax
        It does everything!
        Versatility, Tech support, ease of use
        Small size and easy to use.
        Decent quality scanning, 30 page auto document feeder, decent quality printing, cheap, good fax
        Fast printing and scanning. Both are good quality. Sheet feeder is great.
        Does it all and does it well
        It is a copier, fax machine, printer &amp; scanner all in one.
        An all in one solution for the home or office. 
        12PPM (fast), flatbed, good color quality, sheet feeder
        Contains fax, copier, scanner, and printer all in one, therefore takes up little space.
        Output, speed, scanner &amp; fax functions, versatility
        Versatile, with good features for a real-world office situation.
        Easy to Use, Great Quality, All that you'd expect from an HP
        Photo Quality Output, Perform Several Tasks At Once, Reliable
        good resolution, relatively fast.excellent photo printing. a work horse.
        A reasonably accomplished attempt at building an all-in-one machine.
        flexibility, creativity, ease of use
        good quality copies &amp;amp; prints, does all I need
        Fast, quality printing, scanning, and copying!
        Fast, Reliable &amp;amp; Great Quality
        Just works... all functions work as advertised
        great, reliable three-in-one machine, compact design
        Multi-use capabilities that meet all of my business needs
        Excellent quality and quantity for the price range.
        fast printing, very high quality print and scans, can be optimized to paper type
        Quick, fast warm-up, handy features.
        Copier, scanner, printer all in one fairly quiet HP machine
        versatile, great print quality and scans nicely
        great printer and copier, multifunction and reasonably priced
        great picture quality
        Easy access to ink and paper trays
        High quality, compact size, easy to maintain
        Great quality and speed
        COLOR Copy &amp;amp; Scan &amp;amp; Print in a single HP Product
        Versatility, flat bed, networking, setup
        Convenient, easy to operate, easy to maintain.
        Color printer, color scanner, color copier, fax, value, space-saving, HP quality
        Does it all, fast, quality output, easy to use
        Affordable, high quality, High duty cycle
        speed, print and copy quality
        Robust Machine Performs Flawlessly
        Quick, easy, durable
        Excellent performance, longevity
        quick, absolutely wonderful color output even on regular paper
        Fax, copier, scanner, and printer all in one.
        The office jet is just&amp;#13;&amp;#10;as good as the name sais: Jet
        It faxes, scans, copies, and prints like a dream!
        Space-Saver for Home Offices, Print quality like the pros
        Simple to use
        Uses a common cartridge, good functionality
        fast, standalone, powerful
        It does everything, very easy to use.
        Size, Clear print, easy to use
        Print quality, speed, fax speed &amp; functions, Reliability
        Completes four functions from one machine.
        Outstanding clarity of printing, ease of use is superb, you can't do better
        Multiple functions, easy to install, easy to use.  A four-in-one marvel.
        Very Good for home office use.
        Versatile, solid, good print quality, good copy quality
        speedy black and white printer,multitasks!
        Color fax ability, scanner, copier
        print quality, ease of use
        reliable brand, affordable, good quality, look below
        It does everything
        Value, Quality, Speed, Versatile, Quiet
        Quality color scanning and printing
        Simplicity, Resolution, Color
        Versatility, Easy of Use, Functional
        4 popular products combined into 1. Less clutter. More space.
        HP Realiability, crisp color and black print
        Everything about it
        very affordable
        It's HP
        Easy, good quality
        relatively small footprint considering capabilities, easy to use, fast for an inkjet
        http://www.epinions.com/welcome.html?member=schumanfu2  
        Beautiful quality and very fast
        Fast, quiet and good quality
        Quality machine from a strong brand name
        HP OfficeJet T45 is good machine, the possibilities are too high.
        clear images, not to loud
        Love the multifunction capabilities and ease of use.
        Ink is very reasonable, very easy to operate.
        Clear, crisp, quick printing. Economy print option to save on ink cartridges.
        Fast,reliable,easy to use,produces excellent results
        Sturdy, reliable; easy to learn.
        great
        Compact, Great dpi, fast, easy to use
        No glitches, easy installation.
        Easy to use, image quality
        Good speed, super quality, great features
        Easy to setup. Excellent print quality. Good scan quality.
        Good speed, super quality, excellent features
        Easy to set-up, and a breeze to use
        ok print quality; inexpensive all-in-one; USB; attractive
        Ease of use, good quality printing
        Easy to setup and install
        compact, easy to use, high quality prints
        1.  Copy&amp;#13;&amp;#10;2.  Common but expensive inkjet with the 900X series inkjet printer,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Good, reasonable, compact, no problems with Windows 2000 Professional
        Reliable;  very good quality;  excellent value for all-in-one
        Awesome quality, great color prints. Quick and quiet.
        Good price, decent quality
        Sleek, Competitive and Impressive
        Everything!  The quality is amazing!
        Reasonably priced. Easy to use, very good output quality.
        Good scan speed, and scan quality.  Easy to use, affordable, small footprint.
        Wonderful functionality
        Nice size
        Efficient, Reliable, Attractive
        Does it all. And in color
        Attractive Combo Deal, Excellent Print Quality, Very Compatible w/ Windows 2000
        Space saving design
        Small Convenient Package
        Nothing good to say.  Product was of no use and returned.
        Rather compact for all the features, simple button layout, print quality
        Price performance ratio high. Versatile.  Feature packed. Durable. Easy to use.
        Good price, a lot of features, easy to use
        Designed for one purpose and one purpose only
        Great quality prints, compact size, built in memory card reader
        Compact design, easy to use, high quality, doesn't require a computer
        Nice size, nice picture quality.
        Small size.  No computer needed.  Great prints.  Great included software.
        Wonderful, high resolution, ink jet printer
        Great Photo Prints
        Compact, easy to set up, good quality printouts
        ease of use
        Compact, Portable, 1200 X 2400 dpi, Stand alone capable, quick print time
        Excellent print quality, card reader, portable
        Size, Portability, Speed and Print Quality
        WOW!  Great Quality--So easy!
        fast, accurate, and clean!
        Quality, Price, Durability, Ease of Use, Design, Brand Name, Wide market spread.
        Excellent quality, quiet printer.
        Impeccable printing quality. Prints with speed and confidence.
        ability to read and print from memory cards
        Great Color, laser printer quality text, photocard slots, and more.
        Very, Very fast for documents.  Great quality for photos.
        Amazing quality, very quiet
        Great clarity, vivid color, many options
        Great print quality, fast text printing, awesome interface for SmartMedia and CompactFlash cards, large inkwells
        The color and clarity of pictures is fantastic, easy to use, sleek design
        Price, Quality, Reliability
        Great pictures, handy smartcard printing, lasting for quite a while.
        Low Cost Printer, High Quality Photos, Draft Mode Available.  Slots for SmartMedia and CompactFlash
        quality prints-software great-good use of ink
        Great print quality
        Great value, easy to set up
        The quality is fine for a home printer. 
        good quality, quieter than previous models, doesn't shake the desk.
        It produces descent pictures.
        Beautiful Photo Prints!
        Easy set-up and quick printing.
        Great color print quality.  Can print directly from digital camera flash cards.
        Stunning output -- it's really jaw-dropping.
        Built-in media readers!  Impressive print quality.  And SO quiet!
        Good quality.
        Downloads from memory card, great color and resolution
        Very user-friendly; excellent print quality.
        Very easy to use, prints great
        All around versatile printer and, smart media card input.
        OUTSTANDING fast true color prints
        Awesome quality printing
        Produces beautiful photo quality prints.
        Picture Quality, speed of printing, card slots for compact flash and smart media cards.  
        Great prints for the beginner digital photographer
        Top quality prints for both normal and photo uses.Quite,fast and very sexy...
        Brilliant output on any paper. Fast, easy to use, convenient, Don't need a computer to print.
        Print Quality, Flexibility, Speed
        Fast, quiet, and very reliable. 
        Beautiful, fast, quiet prints, Card Media
        Fast.  Photo quality.  Looks cool, too.
        Fast. Photo quality. Looks cool, too.
        Easy to set up, sharp pictures
        great 8x10 photos, slots for Smart Media/Compact Flash, 4x6 and 8.5x11 trays, quiet, FAST.
        convenience
        Great features for the price.
        Autonomous mode, high quality of prints (even on a usual paper), two-sided printing
        Great Photo maker and two-sided printing.
        Photo Quality Prints, Duplex Printing, Clear Text Printing
        Great photo prints, easy to use
        Simple installation, brilliant results
        Multi-Purpose, Ease of use, Great Photo &amp;amp; Extremely Quiet when printing
        PC and Mac Friendly
        Laser-like quality, sample photo gloss paper included, LCD indicator, double paper feed tray
        resolution and color that rivals dye-sublimation printers.  
        Picture Quality,Easy to Setup,Versatility
        Can do just about anything
        Great Photo Quality, Print photos without a computer!
        Top-notch photo quality.  Fast and great for text.  Quiet. 
        Six Color Ink, New Sleek Design,  Borderless printing.  Works with OSX.
        OMG photos are coming out of this machine!
        Great printings, user-friendly, card reader, and helpful additional software.
        Excellent printing quality, great for digital cameras
        Card reader,good copies.
        Sleek, fast and great photo prints
        Outstanding Print Quality.
        This is a great photo quality printer.
        beautiful prints, great workhorse printer, did I say beautiful printing?
        Great photo quality and quiet.
        Print direct from your digital memory cards. Borderless printing at 4x6 Snapshot Size.
        Great Photos!  Very good on color projects.
        Fantastic all around printer - great graphics, photos and text.
        Remarkable photo print quality.
        High Quality Photo Printing at an affordable price
        excellent picture quality, easy use
        excellent print quality, couldn't be easier to use
        Photo quality excellent. Built in card readers. Can print without a PC.
        Very good photo quality with premium papers.  Easy to use memory card reader/writer.  Excellent price
        Print your photos without a computer and view them on the LCD on the printer.
        Excellent detail quality, excellent overall printer, color LCD, accepts many card types
        Lightweight, easy to install
        Quality is awesome, speed is excellent, LCD screen is great....
        Quiet, attractive, rugged, dependable, quality ink, separate 4x6 tray, superb printouts after software adjustment
        Highly versatile input capabilities, fast text print speed, great print output, intuitive, hp historical reliability.
        Print from your digital memory card without using a computer, most memory card formats supported.
        great print quality. holds extra 3-color cartridge. media card slots. holds 4x6 paper.
        LCD, nice quality prints, and it's easy to use
        Image Quality, Ease of Installation, Reduced Price ($299)!  Must Buy!
        Great picture quality, easy to use, prints directly from memory card
        Print the pictures you want.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Choose the size.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Save pictures to pc from printer.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Great picture quality, very easy to operate, good value
        Convenient printing from your digital camera memory card and a good price
        High quality prints
        Great pictures the best great price
        low-cost, good quality
        High Quality Photo-like results, reliable, easy to use.
        Supurb color
        good price great photos
        Ease of setup and operation, software
        You will think you are producing photos
        quality -the best
        wonderful pictures
        Best print Quality Known to Man!
        Good Picture Quality, Relatively Inexpensive
        Features capability to print with or without computer read to learn of more great features.
        Good quality prints! 
        Easy to use and prints great!
        Smart Card reader feature
        Easy to set up and use, Great Quality, Nice Speed.
        &lt;i&gt;Excellent Photo Quality Output&lt;/i&gt;
        great photo printing
        Print Quality is Awesome!
        Compact Flash and Smart Media reader built-in, 4x6" paper tray
        beautiful design, rapid quality printing, paper treatment, toolbox / diagnostic options
        Good Print Quality, Direct Access to photo cards (can use w/o computer)
        Memory Card Slot, 4x6 Photo Paper Tray, Thumbnail Printout (directly from memory card), Durability
        Print Quality
        Great quality, accepts a variety of paper types
        Quality of photo prints.  Smartmedia and Compactflash interface.  Print speed.
        price, clarity, features
        Photo quality prints, quiet
        Excellent print quality.  Great for photos.
        Awesome Print Quality, Quick Photo printing, Quiet.
        Astounding printouts, low price, high resolution, braindead install
        feature packed;simple;quality output;price
        Under $200, Great Photo quality, great text
        Fast Printing, great photo printing, can print directly from camera.
        Cool design, ability to print straight from memory cards without a computer, ability to download photos from memory cards to the computer, FAST color printing
        Great Photographic Printer
        Quiet, Fast, Reads "Memory Cards" (not Sony Memory sticks) directly, Works well on inexpensive paper.
        Great photos, easy to use, fast and quiet
        Greatest printer ever built
        Quiet, fully featured, great quality prints
        Killer prints especially on Photo Paper
        Great photo quality printing
        Georgeous photos
        quick, high quality printer and printing
        Great photo print quality; fast print times
        Photo Quality.
        USB compatible.  Excellent, studio-quality pictures
        Quality Photo production, easy software, versatility and innovative!
        Good print quality
        Great prints. Convenient card reader.
        Amazing quality
        Ease of use, VERY nice quality, pretty fast for an inkjet
        Fantastic photo quality! Able to run without being connected to a computer.
        Amazing photo quality, easy USB setup!
        nice photo prints; print from flash card
        Output, quality, features, quiet
        Great image quality, good text quality, fairly speedy
        Pictures do print out very nice
        Brilliant Photo Quality.  Accepts Memory Cards.  Quiet, Fast, an overall excellent printer.
        Fast, good quality full page photo printing, reads memory cards.
        Good Text, Excellent Color &amp; Builtin Card readers.
        Beautiful photos when it was working. Fast card reader.
        Very quiet operation, beautiful quality prints, user friendly
        Excellent photo quality printing
        Convenient true photo quality at an affordable price
        The best on the market
        great photo quality, high print speed, memory card reader
        Ease of use (using the USB PORT) Produces great  prints.
        Great print quality, nice overall look to the printer itself - it's awesome!
        Best Photo Printing yet.  Very quiet.  Duplex printing
        near photo quality, price, decent speed
        Pretty darn good photo output with good color range on multiple media types
        Excellent Print time for both color and B&amp;W's,Great photos too! Two sided printing feature
        Great picture quality
        Photo quality excellent, hard to tell from originals.  Wonderful bundled software and 4x6 photopaper tray.
        no need of a computer, USB supported
        Photo quality prints.  Double sided printing.  Fast Fast Fast.
        EVERYTHING
        can't say without installing
        Outstanding photo quality, and also high quality text printing on plain paper
        Versatility
        Great Pictures, Great Features, Extremely Versatile
        Wonderful Printer, one of the best for photos... lives up to the name!
        Everything!
        Excellent printer with good quality
        1200X2400 dpi, 10ppm color, dual side printing
        price, excellent quality, 2 cartridges (one color, one black), ability to print directly from digital camera storage media, you can copy data from a memory card in the printer to your computer
        Super quality pictures and normal print
        high quality
        Multi-purpose, great design, fast and small
        great photo quality
        True photo quality, quiet operation
        Amazing quality, CompactFlash and SmartMedia slots, self-alignment periodically, double-sided printer add-on included, IR port, computer not required, 8 Mb, huge resolution, parallel port/USB, 4.7 PPM Black at best quality, 3.1 PPM color at Best quality, t
        Great print quality.  Can handle memory cards and varied papers.
        Prints photos as if they were taken to a photo developer...
        Great speed, quality, PRICE, and durability. HP has thought of every aspect of photo printing and put it into this printer that can even stand alone w/o a PC attachment!
        Wonderful image quality, duplexer eliminates handling of paper to print two-sided documents.
        Awesome Print Quality, Extremely Easy to Use, Not that Expensive
        Great speed in draft.  Duplexer.  Good image quality.  Revolutionary unit in it's day.
        Photos just like from a print shop! Great speed, easy to use.
        ease of use, easily installed,  
        VERY Nice printer/scanner
        GREAT QUALITY,FAST SPEED,NEAT LOOKING,LOTS OF OPTIONS,INEXPENSIVE, AND MOST OF ALL, IT'S MADE BY HP.
        GREAT ALL_IN_ONE! FAST, SIMPLE, AFFORDABLE! VERY COMPACT!
        very good print quality, good flatbed scanning, computer-free fast copying, nicely designed
        Very good price, excellent quality in all functions.
        Excellent duplication, Well documented on the usage of product
        Print, scan, and copy without cutting corners
        the printing quality is very outstanding.  The colors appear true to original.
        Excellent Printing/Scanning/Copying quality for the money
        Very good features and quality at a bargain price.
        Great print quality. Stand alone copy feature is handy. 
        Includes a lot of features
        Fast, reliable, easy to use and efficient, compatible.
        Contains a printer, scanner, and color copier all in one machine
        print &amp; scan quality, great color copies, compact size, modest price
        Nice quality pictures; Easy to use
        great text and photos, excellent memory reader, fast scanner and fax,superior copies
        Ease of use, easy to set up.
        Very good scanner, printer and card reader
        Good print output, decent scanning, fax capabilities, Good copier abilities
        Simple to use, easy set up, excellent quality prints!!!
        Easy to use, prints digital photos without a computer. Great image quality
        Affordable, flatbed scanner, good print quality, space saved.
        Excellent photo print quality. High resolution scanner. Quick scanning of fax documents.
        It's an all in one.
        Compact &amp; well specified for the money
        Excellent printing capabilities, versatile, scanner, fax, copier, more?
        Scans, Copies, Faxes AND Prints! It's an HP!! Sleek
        6-in-1 card reader, copy or print photos without computer, overall good quality
        features, smallish for an all-in-one with fax capabilities.
        Excellent fax, print, scan functions.
        Compact, Good bargain for so many functions. Nice "wow" factor when friends come over.  
        Easy to use, flat bed scanner, very quiet, plenty of options.
        Easy to setup. Very good scan / print quality. 
        Awesome photo printing, convenient multi-function device
        Great quality with lots of features
        Mulitfunction-in-one, 6 type Memory Card Reader
        6-in-1 Card Reader, Proof Sheet Feature, Print Photos or Use Copier Without Having Computer On
        Easy to use
        Prints, Scans, and Copies
        sturdy, great print quality, easy set up
        Fast print, nice design, easy to operate.
        Very good resolution, quick printing, quite affordable, color printing available.
        Quick, Easy Installation.  XP Compatible.  Tri-function at minimal cost
        lots of pages per minute with windows 2000
        A breeze to set up.  I followed the directions exactly and no problems at all.
        does work w/ WIN XP
        very well packed (snicker)
        Inexpensive
        good black and white copier, ink cartridges cheaper than most, can copy without a PC
        Scans , Copies , &amp; Prints - All in One!, Affordable
        Easy to use, reasonably fast and good picture quality.  Smaller than previous models.
        Small footprint, good speed, low operating cost.
        Easy to get scans to email. Better print quality and faster than X83 or A3000.
        Scans well, Prints quickly, Photocopies effortlessly, inexpensive
        Prints &amp; copies nicely &amp; is attractive.
        Somewhat quiet, affective
        Many functions usable from printer panel or computer.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good software included.
        Print, scan, and copy all in one machine. Easy to use like a pro.
        Fast, Quiet, other things
        IT'S GREAT.
        Prints 11 pages a minute in Black and White and 8.5 in Color
        Clears desk of both printer and scanner, Copier great for home use, 
        great product. does work w/XP.  
        FAST, RELIABLE, EASE-OF-USE, &amp; INK CARTRIDGES LAST A LONG TIME!
        Fast, Quiet, Easy to use, no jams so far
        One unit into one , fast, and great product.
        Great value in an all-in-one machine
        Lovely printing and scanning.
        Very simple to use - east out of box hook up - great software
        Great multifunction capability, media slots, great prints
        Prints excellent quality photos and copies.
        Multi function, easy to use, high quality printing, 
        Excellent All-in-One machine.  Photo printing capabilities without turning on your computer!
        Flatbed scanning, color copying, easy to operate
        Scanning, Printing, faxing, copying
        Scanner, Color Ink-jet printer, Fax, and Photo center all in one!
        Great multifunction capability, media slots, great prints &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Great quality of workmanship, great design and functionality
        It does almost everything!  Maybe even help pay the rent. ;D
        Top quality at everything it does.  The digital camera functions are unbeleivable.
        Great all-purpose office machine
        Great Color Quality, quiet and very easy to use.
        Easy to use, prints pictures AWESOME, nice looking and quiet.
        It copies, scans and faxes
        Multi-features for a great price.
        Nice all-in-one machine, small, decent and easy to use.
        2400x1200 Photo prints on photo paper, multi-function use
        All you need in one unit
        Supports  MAC OSX &amp; 9.  Performs functions the majority of the time. 
        Downloading images from a flashcard
        Compact size. Excellent print quality.  Fast copying and printing except color.
        Scans and copies well.  Low price.
        Small footprint
         So much more room on my desk! Inexpensive, very clear, crisp printing. 
        Small cost. Takes only as much space as a standard printer. Great print quality.
        small size, does everything with ease, user-friendly
        4800 dpi Color, Scanner 600x19200 dpi  36-bit, Fast Copier, Less Desktop Space
        Small size, inexpensive 
        Small footprint, print quality
        compact, versatile, smooth looking, black and color ink cartridges included
        Compact size and convenience, HP quality.
        Does everything it was meant to do and does it very well.
        Practical
        User-friendly, easy transition between functions, super color copies
        Print, Copy, Scan and send Faxes from one unit!
        Ink saving features are a great addition; FABULOUS Customer Service; Very Competitive Prices!
        Compact style, reliable, all-in-one
        Reasonable price, inexpensive black ink cartridges, 35-page document feeder.
        versatile, easy to use, pretty good print quality
        High quality, cartridges seem to last forever, convienent.
        Good print quality, Sheet feeder, large memory.
        cheap! Good connectivity software, USB support, CF, compact design, easy to use
        Nice, small camera.  Easy to use.
        plug and play, ease of use, LCD, great outdoor pictures, if good lighting- good pictures
        nice jog dial
        Cheap with relatively decent image quality
        Very easy to use. Great picture quality for the price. Easy upload.
        Inexpensive, LCD screen, Flash, CF media slot.
        422 pics in Best quality with 128MB,LCD screen, solid body, timer, date hour info, 
        Affordable, easy to use
        Clear pictures, nice a lot of money .
        The price
        can look at photos on camera, basic digital camera, good for beginners
        Takes wonderfull pictures
        You don't have to have the film developed.
        reasonably priced, takes nice pictures, easy to upload into computer
        Price, photo quality, ease of use.
        Outstanding Photos, High Resolution for Price
        Inexpensive
        Inexpensive, easy to use
        Purchase price
        Very good picture quality, extremely easy to use.
        Low price, good picture quality, ease of use.
        easy to use, for the basic user, a good starter digicam
        Really inexpensive, USB connection
        Cheap price, great pics most of the time, good value for your money
        Cheap, Simple, megapixel, easy battery load, LCD. Prefers still subjects
        easy to use, cheap
        Nice starter, low price.
        Good clear photos, easy installation and use with included software. 
        Pictures look good and it's easy to use.
        Cheap
        usb for fast connection, lcd screen, cheap
        Affordable, good quality, and easy to use.
        inexpensive, easy to use, durable, great tech support
        The price was good for a entry level digital camera.
        Excellent Quality No Matter What Pixel Setting!
        Great starter digital, awesome pics, price, able to view pics after taking.
        It was cheap.
        It's cheap.  It's simple to use.  Performance/Price ratio is, in the end, high.
        Inexpensive, easy to upload pictures to your PC, easy to use
        Sorry, can't think of any.
        Inexpensive, Good Picture Quality, easy to use
        Low cost
        It takes high quality pictures.
        LCD, 1.3 MP, Auto Everything, Great build quality!
        Easy to use, cheap, flash, decent image quality
        Easy to use, Good access to quick pictures
        cheap, hard to screw up, easy to use jog dial for simple menus
        Great photos! Easy,Easy,Easy to use!
        Takes great pictures at high quality setting
        Inexpensive digital camera, great quality at high resolution
        Less expensive than other 2 megapixel cameras!
        Easy to use; downloads quickly; takes excellent photos.
        Inexpensive, High Resolution, Easy to Use
        Currently a good deal on a entry level digital camera
        Easy to use. Digital picture window.
        Great Pictures
        Easy to use menus, long battery life, easy to use software
        Outstanding image quality, very easy to use, great software
        easy to use,durable, long battery life
        easy to use takes great pics
        Solid Construction, ease of use and color accuracy
          Easy to use.  Stylish.
        -Low Cost, -LCD Display is very nice, quite clear
        Good starter digital camera
        excellent quality shots, many on camera options, affordable, low battery consumption, easy to use, Durable
        good quality pictures, easy to use
        Easy to use.
        closeable lens cover-fits nicely in hand-seems to be rugged
        Ease of use, picture quality
        Easy to Use, lightweight.
        Outstanding Picture Quality even in low light, Fast picture transfers using usb cable, 
        Price, quality of pictures, ease of use, size
        Compact size, relative ease of use.
        Fantastic camera for the price
        very affordable
        Price, USB, Size of Camera
        Easy to set up and use. Great quality photos.
        Lightweight, easy to use, great picture quality
        USB port, great for beginner, easy to use, great price, quality pictures.
        EASY! Takes great pictures, and images are easy to edit.
        Easy to use for the novice, USB makes downloading a breeze.
        Inexpensive.  Software is intuitive.
        Easy to use, takes nice photos, small and light, saves $ from buying film
        Great Beginners Camera
        2.1 Mexapixel resolution, 1.8" LCD, 2.5x digital zoom
        Can't be easier to use!  Put batteries in and start snapping.
        Reasonable price, zoom capabilities
        Easy to use; Upgradable with compactflash cards; Great price.
        easy to use, decent picture quality
        Is simple to use and takes decent photos.
        2.1 mega pixel
        Standard double A batteries, picture quality, ease of operation
        huh? none now with a better camera out
        picture definition, nice look
        Simple to use, with most all the features of the more expensive brands.
        nice image quality, easy to use
        Good form; light; good picture quality
        Great rice, great resolution, a bargain for a 2.1 mp
        many features &amp; good picture quality
        easy to use, great camera for price
        Supplied software, USB connection, LCD screen, Digital zoom
        2.1 megapixel, ease of use, color rendition pretty accurate, tracking on viewfinder better than older models
        great for casual users, nice features for price range, easy to use
        Excellent feature content for the money, good quality pictures, user-friendly, USB port.
        2.1 Megapixel, cheap, easy to use
        Price, 2.1 megapixels, very easy to use
        Great pictures, compact to carry, easy to use.
        Easy to use, good quality pictures, comparatively very inexpensive
        high resolution, ease of use
        Affordable, user-friendly 2 megapixel camera with USB interface; uses common AA batteries.
        PRICE/Megapixel Ratio,LCD Screen, Ease of use, EVERYTHING AUTOMATIC, Great Software Bundle
        Compact&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Easy to use. Compact to carry. Computer Software is simple to use.
        Compact, easy to use,easy to upload pictures to the PC
        Good price
        Easy to use, High quality images, fast USB interface.
        A great beginner or professional quality digital camera!
        Easy to use; Good quality pictures
        Very easy to learn, and use. Pictures are excellent quality for sending over the internet.
        Easy to use, sharp photos and good color rendering
        Convenient, easy to use menu
        medium size, light, very easy to use 
        Easy to use, Good pictures.
        Easy to use
        Takes very clear, crisp photos
        loaded with features, 2x digital camera, lightweight and compact
        Easy to use; lightweight, USB connection
        Small, Light, Easy to use, Good features, 10 second timer
        Great features/price for economically minded. High quality pictures.
        Great camera at a great price
        Internal 8mb memory.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;compact
        Can be used with Windows and Macintosh, sleek design
        price, easy-to-use, great software, screen.
        Great camera for the price.
        Extremely easy to use.
        Great Price, easy to use, NO FILM!!
        Cheap, Easy to use 
        Ease of use, price.
        Small size, very easy to use
        Easy to use
        Good camera for someone looking to spend little. Good value.
        Clear photos, Good color, VERY easy to use.
        Pictures are pretty good for this price
        Good price for 2.3 Megapixels, easy to use, excellent WinXP compatibility.
        Very easy to use, small and light weight. Great software 
        Easy to operate
        Easy to take pictures and download them.
        cheap, easy to use
        Great picture quality for the price.
        Great buy for the $$
        Lightweight, easy to use, takes up to 100 + photos
        Easy to use, good quality photos, plug and play software
        Easy to use, not very sophisticated
        Easy to use, fairly large storage, good features, decent quality pictures.
        Non-proprietary batteries (AA) and storage (CF), small, lcd viewscreen, 3 resolutions
        Great picture quality, auto-flash, red-eye control, nice LCD
        priced right, easy to use, very durable
        Ummm...
        Easy to use, great software, light, cheap.
        small, lightweight, great picture quality, great value, stylish, easy to use, bundled with good software
        Lightweight &amp; small; great software &amp; features; EASY to use
        convenient size, easy to use, expandable, good software
        Easy to use. Nice and small.
        Both camera and software easy to use. Great picture quality if outdoors.
        2.3 megapixels, low price
        Good small camera, great for people who dont take a lot of pictures. 
        Decent goodies for the price
        Great photo quality, makes even me look like a pro
        Easy to use, video clip feature, takes great snapshots
        Easy to use,Takes good pics,4x zoom,
        Very easy to use, good quality pictures
        PRICE!!!  You can take 30 second video clips, decent pictures 
        small, compact easy to use
        it is really easy to use. , 
        TFT screen,, expandability in memory, viewfinder
        Reasonably priced, picture quality settings, self timer
        Good camera for the price.  Uses AA batteries; good battery life.
        Inexpensive, easy to use, good low end camera
        easy to use, good price, great pictures
        lightweight, compact, USB cables included, prints directly to HP printers w/ computer
        Decent picture quality
        Great zoom, red eye reduction
        Very simple interface with computer and printer.  Fairly compact.
        Good for a first time digital camera user.
        HP 612 is a really easy digital camera and takes good pictures.
        Great pics! Easy to use!
        Easy to Use, Great LCD display, Nice photos
        Good resolution on pictures, easy to figure out how to take pictures and upload.
        Easy to use, low price, good quality images
        Easy to use, good daytime picture
        Easy to use, relatively inexpensive to take quality photos
        Takes Clear Shots, Easy to Use, Good Features for Price
        simple to operate, easy on the chequebook, decent quality pics, lightweight
        Ease of use, price, picture resolution
        Excellent value camera with many great features.
        Great Picture Quality; Easy to use software and hardware; Not too expensive; Many picture-taking options.
        Std batteries &amp; memory &amp; form factor. Easy to use, good automatic settings.
        Inexpensive, all inclusive, simple to use.
        Suburb photos, point and shoot, good battery life, excellent customer service, dummy proof.
        Good optics and ergonomics, great price.
        Quality, Price, Picture quality. Customer Service people. Pentax Lenses. Software
        Very easy to use, not too bulky.
        Takes great shots, comes with 16MB card, lots of features and cool software.
        Easy to use.  Good photos.
        Great for getting your feet wet in digital for the price, great for quick shots
        Great image quality, good manual  overrides, nice looks and ergonomics. 
        Easy to use.
        Comfortable case, good range of option, shutter controls a big plus, price
        Sharp pictures, great color, lots of options
        Convenient, good price
        Easy to operate, Excellent Quality, Reasonably priced, Memory is cheap
        Easy to use, quality
        Fast, Fun, And Easy To Use! 
        2.11 MP, Yields Large Prints, Pentax ZOOM Lens, Many Manual Control options.
        manual controls, both LCD and viewfinder, adjustable flash, optimum range for lens
        The Best 'Bang For The Buck!'
        3x/optical zoom, Pentax lens, very good flash, 2 ISO levels, HP support.
        Great Features, Performance, Upgradable
        Excellent photos, great software included with 618xi
        Fantastic pictures for the Money. Point and shoot like no other.
        Excellent resolution, Excellent Features, Able To Add Audio To Your Pictures And Video Clips!
        Reasonably Priced
        Great Picture Quality, compact
        Ease of use, even a novice like me can get great pix. 
        Good Picture Quality (the 25 it took)
        Durability, size, zoom, options
        price, photo quality, built in memory
        simple to use, price, 3.3 MP
        Camera takes great quality pictures.  SD Card and small size.
        Price
        Excellent quality, Great Features, Comfortable To Hold!
        Great picture quality that is very simple to use with my other HP products
        Easy to use and produces quality photos
        Tons of features, easy to use, fantastic resolution
        Easy to use with excellent results.
        Professionals will like this one. Lots of bells &amp; whistles!
        Nice zoom, records decent quality video with sound, compact size, good price.
        This camera is tempting because it has so many features. Great zoom lens too!
        Low price
        good picture in full sun
        Superb picture quality, ease of operation
        Very easy to use.  Great pictures on computer/printer.  Enough features to satisfy anyone
        Clear 4 megapixel shots, 2 minute movies
        size, picture quality, durability, video feature, timer
        Compact, many features, ease of use
        Awesome pictures (even in low light!) light weight, good build quality, good zoom, great interface!
        Very easy to use right out of the box
        8x optical zoom, 4 mega-pixel resolution
        Great pictures, intuitive interface, easy downloads.
        super sharp photos, comparable to my SLR. Very easy to use.  Great zoom
        Great zoom, good feature set
        High quality pictures
        Great zoom capacity, intuitive menu structure, high quality images, great value
        Excellent Zoom, sharp photos even at high digital zoom settings, EXIF info on all photos
        Great quality, awesome zoom, good battery preservation, video mode
        Pretty good zoom, LCD in the view finder is great, cheap, takes night shots
        8X optical zoom, good pics even at night. Easy operation. AA bateries
        affordable beginner solution
        ease of use, great software
        Price, ease of use
        Price and 1 Megapixel
        Best available quality for the price. 
        Easy to use with great results!
        none
        picture quality 
        can choose which pictures to keep
        Instant Pictures to share with family on the www
        Wonderful
        Many options to suite your needs
        Durable, easy to use, quality pics, compact flash memory
        simple, high quality photos, versatile
        Great picture, color, ease of use
        very easy to use, good flash, large viewfinder
        Great picture quality, ease of use, LCD display.
        when it works, it's an ok camera for the price
        Image quality, and LCD, minor manual controls, and quality optics on the cheap.
        Very simple, good quality, and great value.
        Clear and quality pictures, day or night, view screen.
        very easy to use
        Equal to 35 mm. This is one of the BEST little cameras. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;A+ camera!!
        Easy to use, nice size camera.
        Great pictures Cheap Price
        Easy to use, high quality photos, inexpensive, fun.
        Great photos even indoors, Great value, Great battery life w/out LCD
        Really clear photos
        Great pictures
        Ease of use and quality
        easy, great quality
        Easy to use, HP Quality and support, Low cost, Great first / family Camera!
        User Friendly!
        easy to use
        very easy to take great pictures
        quick and easy
        inexpensive and excellant photo quality
        Takes great pictures
        Low cost, compact flash technology
        AA batteries, Compact Flash media, LCD screen, auto focus
        Easy to use, Good pictures
        Price, Features, Zoom, Standard memory card
        easy to use, rugged, good picture quality
        Currently available under 200, red-eye reduction, decent capacity.
        Quality photos, easy to use, price.
        easy to use, low price, uses flash memory
        Inexpensive, good quality, easy to use
        quality=high, price=low
        Excellent image in daylight conditions
        cost, quality of photo, ease of use
        Very user friendly
        price, ease of use
        Outstanding product
        Price, quality, user friendly
        Pros: Easy to use, Picture quality excellent on all resolutions (superfine, fine, and basic)
        Easy At Home Picture Developing
        Great camera name u trust 
        Camera is simple to Use; Save Money, High quality photos; instant photos; view pics on TV, PC, or Camera instantly
        consumer price
        Price, quality of photos
        easy to operate and affordable
        Affordability, ease-of-use, quality digital photo's
        Price, ease of use, software
        Easy to use and easy menus, good quality!
        price, photo quality, ease of use
        Good picture quality
        Inexpensive
        easy, quality
        ready to use right out of the box
        Price - Quality -Ease of use
        user friendly, many uses, cost
        good clear pictures, automatic focus and flash nothing to set.
        Ease of use, Cost effective.
        Easy to use
        great photo quality, easy for beginners
        color
        Price, Photo Quality and Ease of Use
        easy to operate
        Inexpensive-lightweight-easy to use-great quality photos
        clear pictures, Hp
        ease of use
        Features, Usability
        ease of use
        very sharp photos
        price, quality and ease of use
        Very easy to use, inexpensive, multiple resolutions, versatile
        price, picture quality, 
        Easy To Use, only $270
        Ease of use, Affordability
        easy to use, not too expensive
        So/so image quality
        Price, Quaility, software, and ease of use 
        6
        Price, LCD
        No Wasted Pictures, Save and MAKE money
        easy and small
        Price, Quality, Value, Ease of Use
        easy to use , FUN
        great device
        Inexpensive and stylish
        cheap, good resolution
        Easy to use, great resolution
        Cost, ease of use, quality of photos
        Great quality for the money
        Excellent Picture Quality, Reasonable Price, Feature Rich, CompactFlash Memory Storage
        Fine quality photos for under $300
        Easy-to-use, Durable, Great Photo Quality.
        zoom
        easy to use
        Best camera on the market especially at that price
        Easy menu options, functional features
        Good value for money as starter digital camera, decent battery life if careful with LCD, easy to use
        Cheap, sturdy, easy to use
        Good durable camera
        Good picture quality, intuitive operation, very appropriately priced.
        Nice outdoor pics
        easy to use
        Great camera for Beginner
        Easy to use, great software
        no problems figuring out how to use it.
        Price
        Great price, nice pictures, screen is a plus
        Inexpensive, easy to use, good quality photos
        easy to use, multi features, great photo quality
        Great photos
        very nice pictures low price
        Ease of use, 4AA batteries, compact
        real easy to use
        good quality for the price
        Relatively inexpensive 
        ease of use
        Easy to use, Good price
        Many Features
        reliable, good pics, well-priced
        Easy to use, affordable.
        Price, Good Picture Quality, Ease of use.
        Great for web photos
        Easy to use,great features,clear pictures,excellent price,plenty of storage.
        Inexpensive, excellent 1 megapixel image quality for the price, well built
        Superb performance, full features for the price.
        Cheap, holds lots of pictures, and anti-redeye.
        Quality pictures, LCD Display with easy-to-use menu
        Pics are good, easy to use
        Great basic digital camera
        Photo quality, LCD screen, ease of use
        ease of use/good software/normal appearance
        great quality
        Price, weight, LCD
        Good Quality pictures
        Affordable, easy-to-use, great features.
        size, weight, simplicity
        Good price, good pictures.
        Nice quality for the price; lots of features 
        Price, Graphic Quality, Battery Life, Interchangeable Storage Card, LCD Controls, Look and Feel
        easy to use,hookup to computer,or TV
        Nothing but praise.
        Great pictures, Best expansion Capabilities, Easy to use
        Very easy to set up and use
        Great photo quality, easy to use, great software, downloads automatically, LCD display on back
        Great picture easy to use
        Ease of use for novice and pro alike
        Cost, Ease of Use, Picture Quality
        comes with baterries/some assembly requierd
        Good Image Quality, Long Battery Life, Great Price
        Price, on-screen display, ease of use
        Good price, easy to use
        easy to operate
        Easy to use, but still takes great pictures.
        Megapixel at great price
        Point and Shoot Simplicity
        none
        good pictures, small camera
        Everything
        front swivel wheel, 5 point harness, lightweight, easy assembly
        Easy assembly, great ride, &amp; affordable.
        Turns on a dime, storage...too much to list!
        Easy to turn, seat is padded
        Easy to push &amp; steer with one hand!, Easy to fold and unfold!
        easy to use, handles well, lots of features for the price
        Smooth ride, Turns easily, Comfy for toddler, Adjustable handle, Looks great
        Adjustable handle height, pneumatic wheels, tight turn radius, switches to a jogger, sturdy.
        EASY fold, easy to drive and much more!
        One hand foldability, pneumatic tires, useable with infant seats to 50lb children, adjustable handle.
        Cute, cute, CUTE stroller with no ugly plastic wheels!  
        lightweight, easy steering, compact, smooth ride
        Turns on a dime; opens with one hand; smooth ride for baby
        test
        SMOOTH operation, affordable, adjustable handle for short and tall people...a lifesaver!
        Maneuverability, can fit most infant carriers, easy assembly
        Smooth ride, pneumatic tires, easy to steer, and holds child up to 50 lbs
        Easy to steer &amp; great one hand fold. Comfortable for baby &amp; us.
        Portable, functional, extremely mobile
        Great Options, Video Feature, Small, Easy to Upload, Easy to Upgrade Memory
        Quality large images, medium size
        Great for posed pictures,, Good quality pictures., Quick review time of pictures
        Several Different Modes Available with excellent quality photos and videos
        Low price for 3+ Mega pixels; Comes with a charger and AC adaptor
        Small design, light weight design, viewfinder
        Great features/modes, high resolution, color fidelity, excellent metering
        Lots of features, Manual mode, Compact, $$ Value, 3.3 Megapixels
        high performance, low cost
        Very reputable brand name
        It's small and has many functions, and the discs hold a lot of pictures.
        Super cheap, and it functions.  Great for kids.
        Cheap, usb &amp; serial, ok w/ win xp, lightweight, takes a beating
        Cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to Use
        lightweight, affordable
        Easy to use, affordable
        Cheap
        Inexpensive, Easy to use software
        Cheap camera
        Low cost, cute, standard USB cable
        Great Price
        Cheap, durable
        Small, lightweight and Cute
        Cheap, Robust, USB connection, flash, cheap to run
        Great click and shoot, focus free camera.  Great first time camera
        Fast to download pictures into your computer
        NOT COSTLY
        Great Software Comes With Camera
        Adequate for the money
        Fast, Convenient, Uncomplicated
        None
        It is cool looking
        Cheap
        Excellent software to accompany camera
        Inexpensive, easy, good software
        Cheap; Fisher/Price-esque colors make it hard to lose
        Easy to use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lightweight
        It IS a digital camera! 
        inexpensive
        It looks cool
        Easy to use, Works on a Windows or Macintosh Computer, comes with all cables.
        Price $30 dollars at Wal-mart
        It isn't lots of money and it's a way of getting pictures onto the computer.
        Cheap and easy to use.
        Small, lightweight, easy to use, and affordable.  
        Cheap, fair pictures
        Price
        Easy to understand
        Cheap, durable, decent quality
        Low price; Acceptable for an adult who will settle for just okay. 
        Cheap Good pics in the right places
        great price and decent pictures
        It came with softwear
        Inexpensive, easy to use, easy software.
        Very durable, Costs very Little, great software
        great for people who want to fix their BAD pictures!!
        Inexpensive digital camera
        works with the touch of a button
        cheap, nice pictures,easy to use
        Easy to use.
        Fairly decent for someone just learning to use a digital camera
        Inexpensive
        Cheap, Easy to use.
        Easy to use, Works on a Windows or Macintosh Computer, comes with all cables.
        none
        Software, usb &amp;amp; serial cables
        price, ease of use
        Price
        Was fun to play with at first!
        price,clear pictures,easy to download pics to computer
        Easy to Use, looks cool, NO FILM :)
        Cheap, Easy to Use
        easy to use
        simple to use, attractive packaging
        Great quality for under $100
        Inexpensive
        Good for beginners (kids)
        Price, light weight
        Easy to operate
        durable, made for little hands
        Lots of pictures, pick and choose
        cheap, good software
        Great Price, Great Software
        Cheapest you can buy &amp;amp; easy to use
        Great tool for beginners
        Inexpensive, Fun, quick and easy!
        Price and ease of use
        You don't have to be plugged into the computer to take pictures
        a good door stop
        Cheap!
        hmmm....it's a nice paperweight, good software
        lightweight
        Good, inexpensive way to get into digital photography
        easy to use. no film or cards needed. 
        Cheap, Picture it Software
        Inexpensive
        looked durable
        Fun for events, very light weight
        cheap, lightweight, easy to use
        none
        none
        easy to use
        Inexpensive, GREAT battery life, some of its pictures are OK for web use if doctored up, includes both serial and USB cables.
        Cheap, Light As A Cloud
        quik digital pictures
        inexpensive, fun to play with.
        It is lightweight.
        cheap, nice style, works well
        Nice Price
        ease of use, rugged appearance, comes with 2 programs
        cheap
        cheap
        Cheap and easy
        cheap
        cheap, and takes pics such as they are
        pretty clear pictures and fun and easy software included.
        Easy to operate
        free gift from gateway
        price
        Ease of use, low cost
        none
        great for kids&amp;amp;e-mail
        It's easy to use
        Cheap
        No rushing to the store for film
        A great value for the begginer
        $80
        price
        inexpensive, easy to use
        None
        inexpensive
        Durablity
        low price, easy to use
        Lightweight, convenient USB interface, MulitMediaCard slot
        price, ease of use, durable
        Cheap
        Small, sleek
        price, software
        Inexpensive
        Plastic case, durable, long battery life.
        Inexpensive, decent pictures, very easy to use
        Easy to use, very inexpensive
        Great price, good pictures, easy set up
        Quality for the price, ease of use
        Cheap
        small, light, cute
        Cheap,Durable 
        Wow! My first digital cam.
        Inexpensive, fun software, 3.0 has a flash!
        it's very light, holds 21 pic. and Compatible to serial ports
        Good picture quality, good price
        Easy, cheap, fun
        Affordable
        Great for close up
        Picture Quality, Easy to Learn and Use
        Good picture quality, instant review
        Simplicity itself for use
        image quality, ease of use
        Great pictures, Customized settings
        Easy to use, great picture quality
        Price
        A very nice camera for the price
        Versatile and somewhat cheaper.
        Price to quality ratio
        inexpensive yet fully functional
        Easy to use, good color and quality
        Very good resolution quality
        Compact, easy to use
        simple, basic, easy to read directions
        Cheap, easy to use, fun
        takes good pictures, easy to use, ability to add lenses
        easy to use, good picture quality
        comparable to higher priced models
        Features vs price
        Compact, speedy downloads, crisp and clear images
        Good Price, Ease of use, many features
        inexpensive, easy to use
        Good picture quality, inexpensive, basic features
        Good everyday digital camera
        Great look and value
        Easy to use, Good quality pictures
        easy to use, takes clear pictures
        good quality pictures
        Price, picture quality, ease of use
        Very well built Great pictures for the price paid.
        Inexpensive, very sturdy construction, USB card reader included.
        Handy, simple to use
        Takes sharp pictures, loads directly onto my computer
        Good photos, nice size, easy to carry and use, nice set of features
        Good value cam for 1-megapixel camera
        Lightweight, great digital for someone just entering digital camera era
        Effortlessly transfer photos to your PC using a cable
        User-friendly, simple, nice-looking body
        light, ease of use, great photo quality
        ease of use, optical zoom, good quality pictures
        High-quality, easy to use, fun.
        great value megapixel digital camera, USB file transfer
        fairly inexpensive; versatile
        Price, ease of use, photo quality
        User-friendly, very good output
        Easy to use,  Great looking photos
        Very clear pictures at a regular resolution, lightweight,, and very dependable
        Price, quality, basically everything
        Good Resolution, Good Screen Size, Easy to use
        Picture clarity, Kodak Name, Ease of Use, Zoom
        Easy to use, price is right, saves you money in the long run if you love to take pictures.   
        VERY simple
        price, user-friendly, compact, picture quality
        Good ergonomics, sharp macro shots, good flash, easy to use
        Price, small size, metal case, Brand Name, optical zoom.
        Easy for a beginner to use!
        The camera has it's advantages, small, lightweight, easy to operate and handle.
        easy to use, nice pictures, very portable
        Good photo quality, LCD screen let's you preview photos
        Inexpensive, tough, small enough to fit in pocket, excellent flash, easy to use.
        Easy to use, great pictures.
        Compact, High-Quality Pics, USB Card Reader
        Easy to use, great pictures
        easy to use, great software, small
        Ease of use, quality of pictures
        easy to use, small and good pictures
        Good picture quality, lightweight, stylish, good interface
        easy to operate, able to view picture immediatly
        Sharp Pictures
        Great Overall Feel And Quality
        1'8 inch LCD View Finder
        lightweight, simple interface, autotimer, video out
        Easy to use, great pictures, good price
        easy to use
        Quality pictures for a reasonable price.
        Uses Compact Flash, AA batteries &amp;amp; takes great pictures
        Ease of operation
        compact, inexpensive, simple
        easy to use, great pictures, lower cost
        High Quality, Quick Transfer, Low Cost
        Good options, great auto focus
        Great inside shots. Flash works well.
        Best product in its price range, lots of options, easy to use, great support and warranty
        Small, sexy, ergonomically wonderful, great pictures
        Photo Quality , ease of use, features.
        Size, weight and quality.
        Looks nice, user friendly, fun to use.
        Loaded with USABLE features. Expandable memory
        Small sleek design, ease of use, good quality pictures.
        Easy to understand and follow manual, easy to use camera and all its features, not too expensive to purchase
        everything
        Pocket sized, easy to operate
        professional standard photos for the web
        Picture Quality, Price and Ease of Use
        Small compact
        awesome quality pictures, easy to use, downloads fast
        great pictures; ease of use
        Value for money, compact
        Easy to use, Great detail &amp;amp; color, Vibrant!
        FUN!
        Great picture quality
        Build quality, value
        Good price
        Great camera, good price
        Perfect Pictures Every Time
        clear sharp images
        price, ease of use, lots of useful features
        good value, USB reader, good quality shots, small
        Quality, Price, Ease of Use
        good price, good pictures, perfect for web use
        Sleek, stylish, great pictures, easy to use, great value, everything really!
        durable, light weight, small, easy to use
        Cheap, Good Quality Pics, Packed with features
        Being able to delete pictures as you take them
        Easy to use and quality pictures
        Easy to use, good pictures, reasonably priced
        Sturdy, optical zoom
        Ease of use, very good pictures inside with no movement
        Easy to use, affordable.
        Excellent buy for the low cost! Works just as well as the more expensive digital cameras!! Easy and quick to learn how to use!
        compact,nice looking,very good photos
        Fast, easy, convenient
        See pictures right away.
        Price, ease of use
        Great pictures, great features.  I'm in love!
        Compact and Easy to use
        Bang for the Buck, Mega-pixel, LCD for under $300
        Ease of use, quality of photos, lcd screen.
        Easy to set up,easy to use
        You can delete a picture if you don't like it. No wasted film or waiting for film to be processed.
        Good-quality picture, easy to use, red-eye reduction and other great options, &amp;amp; affordable price.  
        Digital, Lots of pictures, Easy to use
        Very easy to use, Stores large number of shots
        Easy to use, light weight, nice feel camera
        Kokak DC215
        good picture, good interface, good price
        size, weight, photo options
        Simple to use, Great Clarity and Color Reproduction
        Solid camera body.  Good indoor, email, &amp;amp; smaller printed quality pics.  Very easy to use, and good documentation.
        Easy to use
        great photo quality
        an excellent introduction to digital photography
        Easy to use and understand
        Ease of use
        quality, availablity, lcd screen, style
        Awesome picture taking, Easy use
        Ease of use, functions, low cost
        Price, durability,warranty,features
        1 Megapixel, Price, Zoom, Easy to use, great indoor quality.
        Easy to use, informative upper LCD display, feels good quality, fair picture quality
        Quality Kodak lens coating; small, light; versatile; great color; sharp images; great close-ups, night-shots.
        price, ease of use, nice quality photos, LCD screen, small size, 2x zoom
        Easy to use, good picture quality
        Great Quality photographs, Compact Flash Card, Worth it's weight in gold!
        Easy to use, decent quality pictures, good features for the price.
        Small, sturdy.  Inexpensive for what you get.  USB Scandisk for transferring pictures.
        Very easy to use with quality pictures.
        Stores many pictures, no need to change film after 24 exposures!
        Excellent Close up images.
        Zoom, Flash/Red-eye reduction, Easy to use, Clear pictures
        Great camera, excellent pictures!
        Not too expensive.  Pretty good close ups.  Built VERY sturdy.
        Great result in a small pretty package
        Easy to use, lots of photos, good quality, easy transfer to computers. 
        Compact and digital
        USB, ease-of-use, great photos
        All the extras that came with it are easy to use. The option of looking thru the peep-hole or seeing it on the screen.
        comparable to higher priced models
        large photos, great quality
        Wonderful photos, delete what you don't like, easy
        Compact, handy size
        Terrific photo quality, great support, easy to use
        Great daytime pictures, very easy to use
        Optical zoom, battery life, size
        USB Connection, can shoot pictures in rapid succession, quick and easy to use for webmasters
        Takes good pictures, and plenty of them before downloading.
        Great Pictures
        small, easy to carry
        Great Shots, Good Battery Life, Digital
        Easy to use, takes mini disk, choice in quality of picture, choice in color, B&amp;amp;W, sepia, battery charger, and batteries included, zoom
        Easy to use
        Easy to use, Reliable
        Easy to use; Good value for the money; Great camera for the beginner
        Optical zoom, long battery life, ease of use
        take many pictures w/o having to reload anything, nice auto-focusing, reasonable price for its quality
        Usr friendly and good quality
        Small, easy to use, great price.
        Not A One
        easy to use, see pictures instantly and delete ones you don't want
        Ease of use, great quality, fairly large memory card. 
        good looking, ease of use, affordable
        Easy to use, good photos
        compact, excellent quality, fun to use
        Ease of use, quality pictures, selectivity of pictures
        Superb Color Rendering, Sharp pictures, powerful yet easy to use
        ease of use, features
        small, light, tough, inexpensive, viewfinder
        Battery life, Picture quality
        Great Price, Great Images,Ease of use
        1.3 megapixels will get you 54 pictures at 640 x 800
        Features, price, picture quality
        very user-friendly
        Nice, quality camera, very easy to use
        Construction quality, compact size, picture quality
        Easy to use, multifunctional
        ease of use, great features, low cost
        Moderate Price, Great package deal
        Picture quality, ease of use, build quality
        Good customer service
        Great camera for a great price
        Great quality at a good price
        Good quality images and hardware, Nice ergonomic design, 3X optical zoom
        Easy to use; high quality pictures; 
        Great images, easy to use, easy to download pictures
        Easy to use, high quality photos.
        Everything!
        Features, image quality
        excellent design, lots of features
        Portable, easy to use
        Great pictures, very easy to use, excellent software, brilliant color. 
        Has Features of Cameras Double the Price, EXCELLENT Value!
        Simple to use, Easy menus, User friendly
        Easy to use, sharp detailed images
        Very easy to navigate menu and change settings. Software drivers integrate well with photo applications.
        Great quality pictures, fast download speed, fast loading speed, great features.
        good price for a camera with zoom
        Outstanding indoor shots. Optical zoom. Good battery life. USB.
        Sleek, Durable, Megapixel, easy to use good quality photos.
        Easy to use, great pictures, good size, mostly reliable
        sturdy, dependable, reliable, clear
        Easy to use, great software.
        Great resolution, simple to use
        superb photo quality and ease of use. light and rugged enough to take being knocked around. 
        excellent, uncomparable quality
        Easy to use, Takes decent photographs
        Wonderfully detailed pictures
        great camera,
        Great image quality
        Good picture quality, point and click, unlimited storage on compact cards, and audio capability.
        Ease of use, Excellent Pictures
        Easy to use
        Very good overall
        zoom/number of pictures/quality
        picture quality, optical zoom, price
        Resolution, Zoom, LCD
        great combination of features for price
        See your pictures NOW!!
        great pictures, lots of features, price is coming down!
        HIGH quality, lightning speed downloads, easy to use
        Excellant Detail, Easy to use and hook up
        Great camera, usb interface is wonderful
        USB compatible, easy to use, zoom feature, viewfinder  ,
        Ease of use, vibrant color
        high resolution, zoom, USB connection
        ease of use, customizable O/S, good quality image &amp;amp; color
        Takes great pictures.
        Superb image quality, easy to use graphical user interface, easy upgradeability (CompactFlash cards)
        image quality
        great color, easy to use
        picture quality; ease of use
        Decent resolution, good quality, ease of use
        Easy to use, good photo quality, small in size
        Excellent picture quality, ease of use, super software support
        Great Quality, a lot of options for picture quality.  Options of 56-300+ pictures (32MB Card)
        quality photos, very easy to use software
        Easy to navigate and use, more than sufficient memory, rechargeable batteries, great photos even at 8 x 10
        Functions
        Stunning Image Quality, Lots of Storage, Good software bundle
        Amazing resolution
        Great Value, Lots of features
        Quality photos, USB connection
        Easy to use, great picture quality
        Excellent image quality, good price, USB support
        Easy to use, good resolution, large memory
        Excellent photos
        Very easy to use
        Super easy to use, great picture quality, small in size
        &lt;b&gt;Excellent pictures, versatile, affordable&lt;/b&gt;
        Size, Price, Resolution, Menu Layout
        Great photos for the price, easy to use, sturdy
        Easy to use. Good still shots on cloudy days.  
        Easy to use, Software installs easily, Customer service is excellent
        comprehensive features
        It's very easy to take great photos with this camera!
        Good quality pictures
        Sharp Photos at 2.0 Mega Pixels, Good brand, and User Friendly
        sharp, clear pictures with great color; compact; CompactFlash media
        Everything is in the box, 20Mb memory card, quick start up time, USB support
        Speed, res, size, quality
        mega pixel mega pixel!!!
        superb pic quality, easy of use
        rugged, great pictures, easy to use
        Great Pictures!
        Size/USB Interface/Storage Capacity/2Mpixels/Zoom/Menu
        USB, high res, large memory
        Great photo quality
        Almost everything
        Cool features and great customer service
        easy to use, great pictures
        easy to use, takes great photos
        instant gratification/excellent quality
        Everything!!!!!
        great pics
        Great pictures, easy to use
        Great pix;Quality bundle;A kid could use it
        Memory
        Great resolution, easy to use (point and click)!!
        Price
        Easy to use and quality photos
        2.3 Megapixels, USB interface
        lots of manual settings
        size, price, image quality, ease of use
        Great Images, Optical Zoom, Good features
        Image quality, size, menu system
        Great pictures, quick turn around to send them on the internet...
        price, resolution, ease of use, features, zoom, picture sharpness, exposure and resolution, durability
        Superb pictures, easy to use, good price.
        everything
        Great pictures, standard JPEG pictures
        Price, stunning still pics, usb
        Very simple use
        Great pictures, great software and easy to carry around!
        Ease of use
        great photos,can be found on sale
        Instant access to pictures, ease of use, editing on computer
        clear pics,  easy operation, customizable features
        Excellent picture quality, easy to use
        easy and efficient/durable
        High Resolution, Zoom Capabilities, and User Friendly Camera Manual Instructions and   NI-MH rechargeable battery and Charger
        Amazing quality, USB interface, large memory card included
        Great pics, fun, easy to use, good price
        Fantastic pictures, saves money over the long run, instant gratification
        Picture quality, ease of use
        USB, Smart Media card expands storage and transfer options, pictures are crisp and clear
        Great pictures, Cost
        Simple quality images
        picture quality, ease of use, great software
        Great Outdoor in sun pictures
        2x optical zoom lens and heaps more
        Image quality, ease of use, durability, USB connection 
        Kodak name
        Easy to use
        easy to use, saves money on film
        small, excellent picture quality
        snapshots, instant preview/review
        great photos, easy to use
        Easy to use, great quality
        Great resolution, decent zoom
        Ease of use, quality of results
        Price, Features, Nice Screen
        Fast transfer to pc with USB included.
        Easy to use, durable, quality photos
        It Is A Digital Camera
        Excellent camera for the price
        Easy to use
        Nice Pictures, Sturdy Case, Flexible Controls
        Resolution, usage, aesthetics
        image quality, value,ease of use
        Great Camera , Awesome Photos
        Great colors,detail,ease of use &amp;amp; price
        great photos
        TV-out, great image quality, good software
        LCD Monitor,Resolution,Price
        excellent photos, CF memory, point-and-click
        easy to use, light weight.
        All the features I will ever need!
        Terrific Pictures
        Super easy to use, a lot of features for the price, great flash
        2 Megapixel
        Great Quality Pictures&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Comes with all the extras you need
        Size, cost, versatility, cost savings, picture quality, comes with rechargeable batteries.
        Easy to use; Good indoor/outdoor quality; Good color/picture quality
        Easy to use and comes with everything to start taking beautiful digital photos.
        Great looking daylight pics, Easy to operate
        Beautiful picture quality
        Good picture quality, CompactFlash compatible, decent zoom, many advanced features.
        Fantastic Picture Quality; Durable well built camera.
        excellent pictures, sound recording, sturdy build, low light capabilities, USB connectivity
        sharp images, great color reproduction, neat features, intuitive interface
        Beautiful HI RES pictures achieved! Fair pricing! 
        Excellent picture quality, impressive features.
        Incredible photo quality. The ability to take uncompressed photos (TIFF).
        Great Pictures
        Resolution, 20mb memory included
        2.3 megapixels, 2240X1500(max resolution), 24 bit color, JPEG or TIFF formatting, audio capabilities, 20 MB memory card 
        Easy to use, USB capable
        Quality &amp;amp; Ease of Use
        Great photos, can add lenses and filters, large dynamic range in photos.
        Great pictures, Audio, 2 megapixel, 3x zoom, USB
        Convenience, no film to develop, ease of use
        Image quality, accurate auto-sensors
        So easy to use from Point and Shoot to Uploading!
        Easy to use, Video and sound function, and Good picture quality 
        Great image quality, easy use with Windows
        Good price; semi-pro camera; 3MP range W/Digita Scripting and GPS interface capability
        Worked, for about one year
        Excellent usage
        Great picture quality and depth, produces great printed copies
        Excellent Pictures, Easy to Use
        Great pictures, easy to use, scriptable
        Outstanding features and photos
        High-tech made easy!
        incredible image quality, big (32mb!) compactflash card
        Great specs, great value, CompactFlash, USB, extras, software, support
        Great resolution, zoom feature, usb
        every feature in the book, super clear photos
        unbelievable images
        Size, Quality, Speed, Picture Quality
        Great camera, Easy to use
        Good, solid camera, suitable for the everyday user
        its bundled with a lot of extras!
        top of the line, great quality, lot's of new functions
        Excellent photo quality, many nice features, easy to use
        very good camera
        very good picture quality
        Great resolution, fairly easy to use, high picture capacity
        Out of the box digital camera
        excellent picture quality
        all plus pictures, ease. controls
        Excellent color reproduction and fine detail reproduction, a lot of features, allows you store uncompressed images, USB interface
        Great pictures, easy to use and adjust
        Quality Pictures
        Resolution, ease of use
        Great Camera for $900-$1200 range
        supports scripts, picture quality
        ok at snapshots
        Color accuracy; consistent program modes
        Picture quality, durability, design, ease of use.
        User friendly, easy tutorials
        digita scripting, very easy to use interface
        Ease of use and quality of pictures
        easy to use great quality photos
        - 2-megapixels resolution - compression-free imaging - PC or Mac connection via USB port
        Great quality pictures
        easy to use, wonderful quality pictures
        Images, features, price, design
        Works like a camera, great color
        Superb Image Capture
        Excellent quality pictures,NiMh battery operation,USB interface. This is a must camera for vacations as you can take hundreds of pictures on a 64M CF card.Couldn't imagine doing this on a Sony which uses floppy disks. 
        Zoom Capability,20mb card,recharging batteries,great reprints on Epson printer.
        Excellent pictures, easy to use
        Big CCD, great quality pictures, lots of features.
        Easy to use, 2" LCD screen, use of Digita scripts, professional image quality, 3x zoom
        2.1 megapixel with 3.3 capable. custom scripting, point and shoot
        Great picture quality, configurable, hackable, customizeable scripts
        High resolution pics great for printing.
        Extremely sharp photos.  Easy to use after you become familiar with it.
        Inexpensive, very easy to use.
        LOW COST, EASY USE, GOOD QUALITY
        Easy&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Decent quality
        Lightweight, easy to use and takes reasonably good pictures for the low price.
        Simple, Cheap, Fun
        simple, quick!
        easy to use, several features, AA battery operated
        Immediate pictures
        clear pics, zoom, easy to use
        super low price of $60, 2 MB memory, AA battery operated, LCD, simple to use
        easy to use, compatible with flash memory cards
        Great beginner camera, easy to use features, price!
        1 MP, int 2 MB, uses CF cards, easy to use, uses standard AA batteries
        Great buy for the features and picture quality!
        picture quality, LCD screen, easy to use, compact card flash
        Good starter camera, memory expansion, quality pictures, pricing, trusted name.
        Ergonomically sound. , Great "beater" camera., Ease.of functionality
        Great camera for beginers.
        Very inexpinsive
        fast east pictures, great for quick upload to web site or email
        Durable,Memory,Low price,decent pic quality.2x zoom
        EASY TO USE First Digital Camera
        easy to use, well priced, compact flash card capable, uses AA's
        Awesome photos
        lightweight
        Easy to use, good price
        Very vivid LCD Display.  Excellent Quality Pictures
        Fairly easy to get started, low price.
        It cannot be any easier to use.  Good photo quality for price range.
        PRICE, Memory, Bundle
        Affordable price,, Light weight,, Good quality of pictures in day-light
        Price, quality, ease of use.
        Price, size, durability
        Low price.  Easy to use.  All the basics.  Serial cable makes it compatible with any 32-bit Windows PC
        a &amp;quot;snap&amp;quot; to use, variety of functions, lightweight
        Solid hardware, good software
        Cheap, 2MB Onboard Memory, LCD
        Excellent price, very easy to use with a great menu setup on the camera
        Price, Ease of Use
        Good quality photos, low price, easy to use
        Easy to use and inexpensive
        excellent photos, easy to use, reasonable price
        Razor sharp pictures, long battery life, plenty of features and a low price.
        Easy to use, good price
        Can see photos right away, very easy to use
        Great photos.
        Kodak name, Price, easey to use
        Inexpensive. Great starter camera.  Uses AA batteries 
        easy cheap quick and a lot of fun 
        Cheap.  Easy to use, clear menus, quick setup, decent photos with little effort.
        Good Enough Pics for the money.
        Price
        Good camera for the money.
        Great Digital Camera quality and ease of use. 
        Picture quality, ease of use, features.
        Excellent picture quality, sturdy, simple, good options, good customer support
        Easy to handle and very good quality pictures, and selection options for selecting the quality.
        Super easy to use, wonderful quality images, plenty of features, great price.
        Handy, good picture quality, almost point-and-shoot
        Great image quality, reliable, compatible with Mac &amp; Windows
        Easy to use.  Easy to upload to Mac.
        ok pics, big enough that it's hard to lose
        Easy to use interface, easy to hook up to your computer and upload pictures, 
        Excellent picture quality, easy to use, both optical and LCD viewfinders
        Nice and small, solidly built, fast, clear and convenient. Great beginner!
        Ease of use, solid feel
        Small and Compact
        I was taking pictures and e-mailing in 5 minutes.
        Image Quality, Connectivity, Build Quality and style, rock solid drivers
        excellent image quality, pretty good zoom lens, usb interface, video out port
        Good camera for those getting started with digital photography.
        *Easy to Use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Durable (Doesn't feel Cheap)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Great Pictures&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Great Battery Life&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Nice Menus
        Very easy to use, takes wonderful Photos&amp;#13;&amp;#10;highly recommended.
        Ease of Use, Picture Quality
        Sparking little performer; super features
        Ease of use
        Great pictures, has features usually found on more expensive cameras
        Easy to use
        easy to use - great picture quality
        Easy to Use right out of the box on Auto mode
        good build quality, good price, great menus
        great pictures, easy to use in taking pictures
        my 10 year old and grandmother can both operate it!
        Great Quality Photos
        Easy to use and you will like the results
        Ease of use, image quality, price
        Great quality photos!
        Easy to understand interface and nice icons. Lots of functions not found on all cameras
        Terrific Picture Quality, Optical Zoom, Decent Battery Consumption
        Very User Friendly, Good Picture Quality
        Ease of connection, Menu Options make it easy to delete unwanted pictures quickly, not complex.
        Great, fun, feature rich, good price for the Mpxls.
        easy to use, easy to transfer pictures
        Incredibly easy to use!
        Perfect for 35mm SLR users, great price
        Photo quality, color, easy-to-use, features... and so on.
        High megapixel, good features at a moderate price.  
        Good resolution, handles like a 35mm, as much or as little control as you like.
        Good image quality for well-lit areas, easy, simple operation
        3+ Mega-Pixels and Great performance!&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to Use, Easy to maintain.
        GREAT pictures!  Easy to use, helpful software package, USB
        Excellent bang for the buck. Well constructed. Attractive.
        Beautiful, sharp pictures, really easy to use yet versatile!
        Very good digital images
        Fast cycling of pictures, plenty of features and manual controls
        Many features for the price and easy to use. 
        Good Zoom, Sturdy access Doors, Size, Ease of Use
        durable, space saving compressed mode, WinXP supported
        Great cam, good color
        built in battery recharger, uses Fuji NP-80 battery
        Many Pros
        Great quality, ease of use
        lots of features and easy to use 
        Price, Ease of use, Build Quality
        Great picture quality, rechargeable batteries last quite a while
        Sharp vibrant 8x10s routine. Great manual controls, flash terminal.
        Built-in battery charging, great analog controls
        High Quality, speed, controllability
        Great Pictures!
        picture quality, ease of use
        Photo quality, ease of use, size and weight
        clarity, resolution, zoom power
        beautiful, saturated color, zero or low  noise, standard flash  sync,  ease of photographic controls
        Quality
        super easy to use, very good quality photos
        3.1 megapixel, never need film again (process your own pictures), excellent user guide.
        Almost normal size.  Great pictures.  As easy or as complicated as you want.
        Finest High End Digital Serious Amateur Camera Available
        vivid colors, astonishing picture quality and details, great design and ergonomics, USB
        Good for price --- now..... :-(   Good low-light performance.&amp;#160;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Fast USB transfer, many features, sturdy body &amp; design
        Great features &amp; price.  Good for beginner or advanced users.  3.1 megapixels.  It's a Kodak.
        Cheap! Fast. Excellent photo quality. Very easy to operate. Good menu system. 
        None
        Beautiful color and vivid detail
        Rugged construction, decent pictures in well lit areas.
        Great Quality Pictures and simple to use in automatic mode!
        construction,controls,light adjust.
        Price / Performance - quality of pictures - all the features!!
        Priced right, 3.1 Megapixles, 5  per second auto shots, Auto manual f-stops.
        great price for such great features.
        THE camera for the active lifestyle.
        Nice picture quality. Decent price ($260)
        Lots of Storage, Easy to Use, and very fun.
        Rugged, easy to use, good pictures
        Weather-Proof. Durable. Easy to use.  Big Camera.
        Good quality pictures, rugged camera and USB connectivity.
        Large buttons, easy navigation, great pictures, easy to use.
        Durability, photo quality, and ease of use.
        Weatherproof, takes excellent pictures. The take anywhere camera
        I own this camera, and its the best digital camera I have ever had!!!
        Zoom, Weather Proof
        Quality Pictures, Good batter life, rugged, USB
        - Weather proof casing - 2-megapixels resolution - Windows or Apple
        Small size, two million pixels o' fun, versatile and weatherproof.
        Great resolution,great feel, weatherproof and much much more.
        Easy to use.  Weatherproof.  Takes great pictures.  Oversize buttons for easy use.
        great pics, solid weatherproof construction
        - Weather proof casing &amp;#13;&amp;#10;- 2 megapixels resolution &amp;#13;&amp;#10;- Windows or Apple
        Rugged, waterproof, droppable, easy to use
        Rugged, Kodak Authentication Module, ActiveX interface.
        Easy to use, takes great pictures, battery life not too bad
        low price for digital
        Clear Pictures - Easy to use
        Ease of use
        Easy to use, Good documentation, Flash can be turned off, Camera comes with everything necessary to use immediately
        Great for people who like to take lots of pictures.
        Great pictures, great pricing
        Ease of use, quality of picture, price.
        Cost effective
        Ease of Use
        Easy to use!!
        Lightweight and easy to use
        Good buy, good performance
        Charge time, charger size
        Good Quality
        Clear, Beautiful Color Pictures
        Great colors, features 
        takes wonderful pictures
        Easy to use, quality pictures
        Rugged and durable camera takes quality photos. Now a real bargain at $200 range.
        Video Out, 1,152x864
        Great pictures, nice software bundle, comes with AC adapter and 8MB memory card
        Good-looking photos and easy to use
        Easy Function Modes
        You can delete any pictures that you don't want, and only keep the ones you do. No developing fees
        Ease of use, good quality flash pictures, good menus for setup
        Small good digital outdoor shots
        best digital camera for the money, fine quality
        Nice menus, great view screen
        Good for price and the size and weight to carry around with you.
        sharp, clear photographs
        Easy to use
        Easy, lightweight, durable, good pics
        Ease of use, price
        Reliable,good range,excellent pictures, mid-range price
        easy to use, good pictures, affordable
        Optical Zoom, great pictures, great price
        great pixels, easy to use
        Easy operation/excellent results
        Great Pictures &amp;amp; Room for Creativity
        Easy to use, durable, great preview display
        zoom,removable memory card
        Excellent Picture quality; easy to use; easy to load to PC; reasonable priced
        View screen instant review. point and shoot, high resolution photos
        good size
        timer,flash,it's a camera
        NEVER HAVE TO BUY FILM OR PAY FOR DEVELOPING
        Easy to use, great quality pictures
        good photo quality
        Ease of installation, use and Kodak quality
        Ease of Use
        Easy, fun, save $$$ on film and developing!
        Ease of use, additional software, packaged accessories
        Can take Hundreds of Pictures
        Great quality pictures, ease of use, zoom lens, many options
        Price, ease of use
        Awesome Pictures, Web ready and allot cheaper then a regular Camera
        Small, efficient, easy to use
        See Opinion
        Great pictures, Very easy to use.  
        No more films to be developed!!!
        Price
        Very easy to shoot photos and transfer them to the PC
        Great pictures at a great price
        quality, features, price
        Crisp photos, inexpensive batteries
        Great picture quality, large disk, easy to use, optical viewfinder, and the tv cable.
        Rugged. Dependable. Forgiving!
        Very easy for beginners to use.
        Good image quality. Easy to use. Good software package included.
        sturdy, great picture quality
        great pictures good price
        Good for Point and Shoot, okay picture quality.
        Excellent, affordable, user friendly
        Fairly inexpensive digital camera that takes tolerable, if not terribly good, photographs
        sturdy design, easy to use
        easy to use, software package included, affordable
        Hi quality sleek camera with megapixel capability for a great price
        Simple to Use
        Takes Fantastic pictures !!!!!
        Inexpensive/Sturdy/Reliable/Quality Camera
        easy transfer of pictures to cpu, affordability
        takes very nice pictures
        Good Picture Quality for 1 MegaPix, Very easy to use
        Easy to use, acceptable picture quality.
        CompactFlash memory, good picture quality, easy to use.
        Easy to use, excellent picture quality, nice software bundle
        Quality shots, ease of use, durable, lightweight.
        Easy of Use, Weight, Quality of Photo's
        Excellent, rich color photos; easy to use
        Picture Quality &amp;amp; Software Bundle are excellent.
        Price/Performance
        inexpensive, and multiple benefits
        Ease of Operation, Design 
        quality
        can take some abuse, loaded with features
        quality pictures, affordable
        Very user friendly, great close-up capabilities
        Incredible ISO rating, easy, cheap, lcd panel
        Handy, Inexpensive Entry Level
        LCD screen
        Pretty Basic Model - for novice
        Ease Of Use
        Has a digital display screen
        Easy to use, has LCD picture review panel, takes CompactFlash memory cards
        Fun, cheap (by now), good if you're willing to do a LOT of touch-up
        easy to use. inexpensive. lots of features of more expensive cameras
        Easy of use, Photo Quality, Fun
        Great Image quality
        Resolution, Supports USB, CF, AA batteries
        Good features, easy to use, built-in zoom and wide angle, good software.
        Very user friendly
        Great image quality, Easy to use, Loaded with features
        Great Value
        Excellent quality pictures, easy to use, good control over exposure
        100
        Very easy to use.
        excellent pictures when it works properly
        Handling, ease of use, excellent quality
        Great Photo Quality, Easy Use, Expansive Features
        Good picture quality, connects well to PC's
        You can customize anything, Great resolution.
        Like a 35 mm Camera with great support
        It does what it's supposed to do.
        Great pictures
        cross platform, telephoto, audio recording
        size, features, image quality
        Easy to Use, Large LCD Screen, Great In-Camera Menu, Great Resolution, Very Adequate Zoom, Easy to Change Compact Flash Card.
        image quality, options
        Great Camera: very reliable and easy to use.  Works with all computers even macs.
        no film development, high quality, older generation camera = cheaper
        professional options
        Acceptable image quality, get to see photos right away
        read below
        High resolution, easy to use, great software.
        Picture quality, Ease of use, good looking
        Great color rendition; clear, crisp photo quality
        Overall good quality pictures
        ergonomics, image quality
        Great pictures.  
        Splendid pictures with great detail and superb color.
        very fun, great resolution and picture results
        Lots of features and great flexibility
        firmware,autorotate,backlit shots
        Nice photographs
        Easy file transfer and easy-to-use Kodak image editing software. Camera features are extremely nice.
        EASY to use! Idiot proof! Just like the commercial.
        Very easy to use, inexpensive, sturdy.
        easy to use, video out, lcd and traditional viewfinders
        incredibly easy to use, very light
        Easy download of pictures, good starter software, easy to use
        Easy to use, small, light
        Cost, quality of photos
        Very easy to use -- you an figure it out without the manual.
        easy to get started.. low cost
        Easy start, quick to set up for picture taking.
        Lightweight, great picture quality at an affordable price
        Cheap, Easy to use. Did I mention cheap 
        Good, cheap, decent pictures, easy to use
        good pictures, Good exposure, low cost, compact, very easy to use
        Easy to use, lightweight, great pictures
        Inexpensive , easy to use , uses AA.
        Easy to use, great picture quality, easy editing, one touch picture transfer, inexpensive
        Delicately balanced color photos, simplified picture snapping, one-touch picture downloading, handsome camera body. , 
        Price, Optical Zoom, Memory
        Easy to use, versatile, small
        Takes great pictures, easy to use.
        Lightweight, attractive, protected lens, internal memory, great zoom, expansion slot.
        Easy to use, excellent quality pictures, lots of useful features, looks like a film camera
        Compact, lightweight
        Good quality pics, easy access to pics, affordable with basic features
        small, light, fast shutter speed, internal 16 megs. memory with option of smartmedia disks.
        Inexpensive, easy to upload, easy to carry around, good picture quality
        3x optical zoom, SD/MMC slot, video out, macro mode, easy menus, batteries
        An affordable 3.2MP camera that's easy to use in most conditions. 
        great camera for the  3.1 PIXEL
        Great images, software, and most of all great price for the quality.
        Ease of use, price and quality of pictures, 
        Highest resolution I could find for the price!  Real glass lens!
        Very good 3.2MP camera at a wonderful price anyone can afford.
        good picture quality, easy to use, works well with iPhoto on macs, uses SD media
        Very nice camera for the price. Easy to use, nice quality pictures
        Inexpensive, easy to use, compact
        Easy to use, high resolution 3.2 MP ,Good picture quality , Affordable price
        Good price for 3 megapixels, offers great software picture modification.
        Price, Picture Quality, Ease of Use, Great for Beginners
        Takes excellent photographs and is easy to use
        Easy to use, straight forward functions and design.
        Lightweight.  Easy to use.  Good customer service, so far.
        EasyShare system makes fast picture transfer; easy e-mailing and printing; battery recharging
        Amazing pictures, easy and fast picture transfer, good flash.
        Quick easy setup, simple USB connection with XP. User friendly options/settings menu.
        Wonderfully easy, durable, not too expensive.
        Durable, software easy to use, downloading pictures easy.
        Point &amp; shoot, easy transfer of pics
        Very easy to use.  Good quality for casual picture taking.
        loads fast, easy USB picture transfer, good battery life, nice pictures
        Easy, powerfull, camera dock 
        Compact, light weight, very affordable for the picture quality, 8mb of internal memory
        Extremely easy to use, Low Price, Fantastic Images, light weight, expandable!
        Price, Ease of Use, GREAT Photo Quality, Easy Pic Transfer Software, Lightweight.
        Simple to learn how to use, clear pictures
        Easy to learn &amp; use; Decent battery life; Light weight
        Excellent photo quality, ease of use, features
        Easy to use and reasonably priced.
        Price, ease of use, lightweight, great pictures, fast transfer time
        Easy to use.  Feel of a traditional point and shoot.  Nice quality pictures.
        Easy to use, takes great pics for the average user, docking station is great.
        So far the pictures I've taken has amazed me on how clear they are
        Great pictures @ 800 size and under, ease of use, value.
        Simple, easy to use, no additional equipment to buy.
        EXCELLENT choice for digital cameras under $300!
        Big pics crystal clear, kid can use it, very light, long battery life
        Small and easy to handle
        cost,image resolution/quality, software bundle
        Works very well and very easy to use.
        Docking Station, Video with Sound, USB, Can add lenses, Easy to use buttons
        User friendly
        Great camera at a great price - crystal clear stills and movies with audio.
        Easy to use
        Great pictures, lightweight, easy to use
        2x optical zoom, internal lens cover, basic and easy to understand controls
        Easy to use, takes good pictures
        camera is easy to use, base is SUPERB, great quality still shots
        easy to use, great photo quality, nice-sized screen, can make short videos, not too expensive
        Fairly cheap; Integrated lens cover
        Very easy to set up and use, especially for a novice. Excellent value. 
        Fun, relatively easy to use, makes short video clips, good pictures
        low battery usage, price, photo quality, ease of use, optional dock
        Simple design and easy to use, usb, widely available, useful software, many optional accessories
        It's lightweight. Easy to transfer pictures. 
        Very simple to operate, even has a reasonably priced set of extra lenses available.  
        Good Picture Quality, Optical Zoom, Large LCD
        ease of use (camera &amp; software) great photos, even in low resolution (900X600) mode
        Easy to use. The functions were simple to figure out.
        Great high resolution photos with optical and digital zoom
        Great picture quality, optical zoom and digital zoom, fast downloads
        good specs; completely automatic; detailed images with excellent colour; mindlessly easy use; 2x optical zoom
        Being able to see the picture you've taken, just seconds after pushing the button. 
        Next to the photos I took with my 35mm and they are just as good.
        Excellent picture quality, ease of use, video capability
        Simple to use, quality photos in daylight, movie clips with sound
        Nice software, alot of options, pictures seem to be good
        Very easy to use, pro quality pictures, nice design.
        Ease of use
        Easy to use, good quality pictures.  
        Easy to Use, takes good picture and videos
        OK pictures
        So easy to use, friendly controls, light weight, great photo quality &amp; movies!
        Average camera
        Price, good photographs, easy to use
        very good picture quality for a 2.2 megapixel camera.Very,very easy to use.
        Really great colors and crisp pictures.
        Great Quality Photos, Easy To Use
        8MG Internal Memory&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Optical Zoom&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Audio for videos&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Can watch previews on the TV
        Very easy to use,Inexpensive,Great pics.
        Very easy to use and understand functions.  Great quality for price. Great for beginners.
        Picture quality, easy menu/operation, quick focus/picture time
        Easy to use, Nice Pictures, Good battery life.
        Very easy to use, Great picture quality
        Great Pictures. Easy to use. Great movie mode. Very good camera for a low price.
        Video,zoom,resolution,price,memory usage
        Great looking pictures up to 8X10
        Kodak software included. USB connection. Easy to use.
        Small, lightweight, 8-shot burst mode, simple interface, easy USB sharing.
        Great ease of use, multifunctional, great features
        Price, Weight, Durability and performance
        small, lightweight, takes good pictures in low light, good battery life
        Easy, portable, looks great
        Easy, point and shoot. Great software for transferring from camera to PC via USB.
        Many options for picture manipulation, expansion slot for 64MB card, preview shot on LCD screen
        Pro&amp;#146;s&amp;#9;- Simple to set up and use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Ease of use Quality of output and Reputation
        Excellent picture quality, good battery life, easy to use
        This camera was the most affordable 3.1 megapixel model I found.
        A very simple camera to operate, not too many features or settings to master
        Easy to use, Great pictures
        Good picture quality, ease of use, solid construction, memory card slot, 3 quality settings. 
        both software and camera are easy enough for anyone to operate
        Small, Lightweight, Great Picture Quality
        Compact, lightweight and good quality
        Clear pictures, easy to use
        It is easy to grip.
        With the dock, it is fairly easy to upload pictures to the computer
        Easy to use with better than expected photo results.   
        It produces a great quality photo.
        Very Nice Picture Quality, Good Value, Slideshow ability on TV!!!
        Very easy to use, good printed image quality, priced right.
        Easy to transfer to computer; great to e-mail and share pictures; Battery
        Easy to use, great pictures
        Easy to use, Idiot proof
        Extremely user-friendly, responsive, battery life (2xAA), useful features, picture quality, long exposure times.
        Low price for 3MegaPix camera.  Easy to use. Uses only 2 AA batteries.
        Quality and size.
        Easy to use,great picture quality,docking unit 
        Extremely easy to use, good quality pictures
        very easy to learn and use. Great photos
        Small and easy to carry, great software, multi-purpose
        Easy to use, has lens cover!
        Easy to use, Great quality image Picture, Good price. Worth your Money!
        Extremly long battery life with the CRV
        Easy to use
        price, standard cf card, AA, compact, quick, and lots more
        Easy to use, small, decent quality.
        Kodak quality and reputation; Lightweight and easy to use; Good battery life.
        Handy cradle
        Powerful feature set, good value.
        Small &amp; Light, Straight-forward operation
        Compact, Good Battery life, very basic to use
        Image color integrity is great., Battery life is long (70 images)
        good picture quality, easy to use, fits just about anywhere
        Great Camera.  Great pictures taken.  Large viewfinder.
        VERY easy to use, quick picture transfer, easy to read menus, high quality display.
        Easy to use, compact, great quality in daylight, simple transfer, easy menus.
        easy to use
        Easy easy to use.  Solid little camera
        Easy to Use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great Software&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        nice color, easy, compact, uses CF, AA battery and USB, long exposure
        Wasted $450 bucks--could have been worse
        incredible photos, accurate color, quick shutter, point and shoot, fun, small
        Does everything that you need a digital camera to do. Stills,movie mode close ups
        Relatively inexpensive compared to other 3MP digital cameras
        good resolution, compact size, easy to use
        Ease of use, light weight, low cost, good quality images/video
        Affordable, high quality pictures, easy to use.
        Easy to use, great picture quality, excellent computer interface
        Great picture quality, easy to use
        Easy to use/menus. Accepts AA batteries., 16MB internal memory. Nice big LCD display.
        Ease of use, photo quality, movies with sound, zoom, fast recharge, features
        Easy to use, good quality pictures, good video, too.
        Nice resolution, good feel in the hand, good price
        Amazing pictures
        Great Point 'N Shoot. Great Pictures. Software is easy to use and Intuitive.
        User friendly, great pics up to 14x11's. Great zoom.
        very handy, cheaper than using film. The delete option!!
        Excellent Mid-Lvl Digital Camera for the professional hobbyist or family fun.
        Ease of use, durability, price compared to other 3mpx cameras
        Very good price for the features.  Especially the 3x optical zoom.
        Very easy to use.  I liked the multiple settings it offers.
        Very easy to use, Great picture Quality, Video with Audio is a great feature
        Easy and Great Quality Pictures
        Very simple to use. Photos turn out very clear.
        Easy to use, good clear picture, good software.
        Picture quality is just as good as the higher megapixil cameras, and it's cheaper.
        Good picture quality for JPG compression
        Truly easy to share, high quality rich color photos!
        3.1 MP/3x Optical Zoom and Affordable
        Great color rendition, easy to use, quick donwnload to PC, small and lightweight.
        High Resolution, self-timer, video input, great size and style.
        User Friendly, Great Price, Quality Output
        Available features for the price. Ease of use. Incredible close-up shots.
        A 4-Megapixel Camera at a low price!
        Best value for 4mg out there.  Easy to use!  Easy to upload to printer services!
        Picture quality is great and easy to use
        Lively and pleasing colors, relative ease of use.
        1-High Res camera at a great price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;2-Great Kodak support in education and quality
        Inexpensive, convenient dock, easy to use, accepts standard batteries.
        Easy to use and import pictures
        4.0 megapixel, price, ease of use
        compact size, high quality pictures, excellent battery life
        Works great out of the box, outstanding picture quality, battery flexibility
        Ease of Use, handy strap, 
        Easy to Use, Great Picture Quality
        Picture quality, bright display.
        price, great zoom capability, great pic. resolution
        Took it out of the box and had pictures on my computer in 15 minutes!!
        Ease of operation, excellent picture quality, value
        It worked fine during the warranty period
        excellent value, simple to use, has features only found in more expensive cameras
        Good picture quality for still items. It is under $400. 
        Ease of use, outstanding picture quality, great value
        Easy to setup and use, fast focus, great contrast range &amp; high-quality color
        Easy to use, loaded with features, small and portable, battery life
        Easy to use, many features, small and portable, and the battery life, well focused shots
        excellent quality, price, easy of use
        4 Megapixel, Produces great images suitable for printing, rechargeable battery
        For Those Who Like The Simplicity From A Digital Camera
        Amazing picture quality, very easy to use
        Picture quality, price, self explanatory menus
        Buy it! Great first digital camera, Comes with docking station, charger, fair price, great quality.
        Easy to use.
        Excellent pictures, very easy to configure, simple picture upload, very high quality all around.
        easy to configure
        Marketing
        easy to use, good functional docking station
        Good design and size; price; lithium-ion rechargeable battery
        size, camera dock, software, lots of features, internal memory.
        very easy to use
        The best picture quality I've seen the cameras in that price range!
        Picture Quality, value, easy to use, small size, rechargeable battery
        Great for the 1st three months. Very easy to use.
        Lightweight, easy use, versatile, great quality photography
        Small, inexpensive, easy to use, OK features.
        Low Cost, Easy To Use, USB Interface, Acceptable Picture Quality
        Very easy to use!
        good value, nice price, works good, 
        Tiny, light, self-contained, USB, cool
        Cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Record Short Videos
        Easy to use, compact,light, amount of pictures
        cheep 
        size, ease of use, price
        USB connectivity, easy operation
        excellent value, does video clips, very easy to use, web cam capability
        Small and easy to use
        Inexpensive, Works as Camera, Video Camera and Web Camera.  Very Easy To Use
        The price is right, it takes a lot of pictures as well as video.
        great camera for beginners, easy to use, USB, inexpensive
        Lightweight, good/great image quality, webcam capability, USB interface
        Neat compact design.  A good price for digital camera/camcorder/mp3 player.
        Its small and compact
        *Many functions&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Good battery usage for the three AAA batteries.
        Ergonomic, compact, easy to use, multipurpose, good sound, good microphone pick up
        Half the price it used to be...Video/mp3/stills PLAYS MP3PROS!!!
        handy, nice mp3 player, fun toy
        3 Things in one. Easy connectivity and transfer of files. Only 16MB card.
        the mp3 portion has decent sound
        Great mp3 player, compact, easy to use.
        Decent video, decent mp3 capability, photo size perfect for emailing.
        mp3 player/camera in one!!
        Great MP3 Player, also does good job with Quick Time movies.
        High-quality movies, long battery life, easy-to-use MP3 controls
        Fun to play with; excellent mp3 player; good digital video
        Small, compact and easy to use!
        Small, attractive design, nice interface, high degree of multifunctionality
        Cool Features, Combined System, Nice holding.
        Simple to use, performs basic functions easily, portable, perfect for certain uses
        Compact, hand held 3 in one toy.  Easy to record and 'port data.
        A Great Concept from convergence of two very good companies
        Print Quality Very Good 
        can print from camera card
        Ability to view and print directly from memory cards
        Colour Preview screen, Small Footprint, Smartmedia &amp; CF card Slots, Onboard editing ability, 
        Good Value; Good Prints; LCD preview makes it easy to print without a PC
        photo printing without a computer.  print quality.
        Great quality photos without having to use the PC, easy to use, reasonable price.
        Excellent Print Quality, LCD Viewing Screen, No PC Required.
        Low price, doubles up as digicam card reader, can print without computer
        very easy assembly, accepts most infant car seats, stylish
        Spacious, Ample Storage Space, Sturdy, Collapses Easily, Great Features, Affordable!
        Huge storage basket, entertaining toys in front, fits most infant carriers
        Spacious, large wheels, neat looking, fits perego carseat, LARGE basket / easy side access
        Durable. Lots of storage. Gets the job done.
        good suspension, storage space, long and spacious for the kids
        Huge Storage Basket, Attached Toys
        Very big, great seating, large storage on bottom, reasonably priced.
        Looks nice, fun toy for kids, holds infant carseat
        Very spacious, comfy for kids, holds infant seat
        Lots of storage, easy handling, stylish, very affordable
        Softer Seat; Reclines; Sunshade; Longer Handles than other umberella strollers
        Lightweight at only 12 lbs., easy to unfold and fold with child in arm.
        Comfortable handles, cup holder, nice canopy, back support, reclining seat option, substantial wheels,  Cup holder!!!!
        lightweight, inexpensive
        seat cover is removable,dark colors,basket underneath,
        Inexpensive, easy to use and fold
        lightweight, assembly, back support
        lightweight, has a canopy, good support in seat and backrest, easy to maneuver
        Light weight, comfortable cloth, reclines, sun canopy, very maneuverable and compact
        inexpensive, easy to fold, has 2 positions, cute print
        Sturdy, well built
        good cheap stroller
        none
        none
        Lightweight, inexpensive, easy to use
        easy to fold up
        size, weight, price
        lightweight, easy to use,
        light and easy to use
        Lightweight, easy to use, folds compactly
        More goodies than other umbrella strollers
        Comfort
        Very easy to use, easy to close
        Lightweight, only 12 lb.
        Extremely lightweight 
        Reclines, Padded seat
        Lightweight, Reclines, Comfortable
        compact!
        Inexpensive, sturdy, easy-fold, reclining(!)
        light weight, easy to use
        lightweight, inexpensive, easy to fold, relatively well padded
        Light, reclining, comfy
        hmmm?
        It reclines and is easy to move about.
        Compact, lightweight, maneuverable, economical
        Lightweight
        Lightweight, reclining
        Recline feature, excellent support for baby, price
        Lightweight, more features than other umbrella stroller, more compact than the full size models
        convenient, sturdy, durable
        Great lightweight umbrella stroller
        Compact and easy to open and close.
        Lightweight, portable
        side by side seats, lightweight, easy to fold and folds compactly
        It folds with no problem!!!!
        Folds up nicely and easily, lightweight.
        A delight to push, easy to travel and store away.
        Very compact for a double stroller, inexpensive, gets the job done
        Lightweight, durable, great turning radius.
        Compact when folded, reclines for younger infants
        Children can sit next to one another, lightweight
        Lightweight stroller.  Individually reclining seats.
        More compact than most doubles
        Nice if you have kids around the same age
        Lightweight, Easy to fold, Durable, the best value!
        economical, easy to use and lightweight
        Light weight, durable, easy to use
        seats two and steers easily
        Easy to maneuver
        lightweight, compact, easy to fold/open, looks good.
        Folds compactly, easy to load, very affordable
        Tiny size. Goes anywhere
        Small, low battery use, flash, macro mode, 60 to 90 photo capacity, good software.
        easy to use, small, great software
        good for beginners
        Price and size.
        3-in-one, digital camera, video camera, and PC camera! 
        small, light, good on batteries
        good for the internet
        easy to use, small, great software
        Size, Software, Convenience
        Ok for utility purposes, where quality is unimportant.
        Decent pictures for the price, light, compact.
        cheap, good if you don't care about quality
        Cheap, lightweight
        Nice pictures, low price
        Cheap; decent photos; decent software.
        Very inexpensive, meets my needs.
        Small prices, easy to use
        Very Lightweight construction, pop-up flash is handy,complete kit
        Very light weight. Good clear outdoor daytime pictures.
        cheap, easy to use
        great picture and functionalityq
        Price, Ease of Use, Power Cord While Uploading Photos, Timer
        very low cost, good looking, small size
        Takes some decent pictures once you turn the flash off.
        Inexpensive~~easy to use
        Very inexpensive, good pictures, fairly easy to use
        Small size, decent quality pictures, AC adapter included
        Price and value, compact size, AC adapter
        good price, good photos, comes with a/c&amp;#13;&amp;#10;attachment, flash, battery
        Digital photography at a throw-away camera price.
        A low price entry into digital photography.
        Absolutely no redeeming qualities about this camera.
        Well, it looks like a real camera
        Lightweight, easy to use, inexpensive and made just for beginners.
        Good customer service; cheaper than a polyester suit
        Cheap!
        Cheap color printer
        Inexpensive
        great printer for the money
        Cost Effective
        LIGHTWEIGHT, EASY TO USE, GREAT PRICE &amp;amp; VERY GOOD COPIES
        LOW PRICE ONLINE!!!
        customer service
        cost
        inexpensive
        Easy to use
        Its cheap, on screen ink display
        spare printer for quick jobs,   very quick
        Got it for free
        Cheap!
        Lightweight and basic, simple set-up, print software
        easy to install cartridges, pretty cheap, pretty good printing quality
        affordable
        Price, speed, DPS, Quality
        Low price.
        Inexpensive, good for infrequent use
        Nice software that came with it. Picture quality wasn't to bad when it would work.
        Good general purpose printer, reasonable speed for this class of printer
        works
        cheap
        Cheap
        quality
        Quality, Printing Program
        inexpensive
        Nice printing quality
        Easy to set up
        Inexpensive, good printing speed and quality, easy to use
        dirt cheap
        Low price
        Very slow
        good picture quality
        reliable
        Easy to use
        Affordable
        Good color and graphic clarity.
        Size, portability when necessary.
        cost
        works quickly and quietly
        Inexpensive Color Printer
        Nice Color quality
        compact; easy-to-install; pretty decent quality
        nice price, great programs, prints very good 
        none
        cheap
        Part of a computer package deal
        Good price
        Price, quality of printing, quiet operation
        Doesn't take much room, easy to install and use
        Nice printing, somewhat fast
        Low Price, High Quality, Long Cartridge Life
        inexpensive, doesn't take up much space
        Price and maybe size
        Cheap, Cheap, Cheap
        Good performance
        Colorful and Affordable
        High Quality
        none
        none
        small, somewhat quiet
        Inexpensive
        Decent quality and durability
        Small, Cheap
        Price
        reasonable price
        quality of documents are very impressive
        Price
        price and print quality
        Cost, ink monitor, good print quality, best for text
        great quality
        Cheap, good for home users.  
        Not bad quality for an older printer.
        Good Photo Output
        Price, Price, Price
        Low Price, Professional-Looking Documents
        Cost
        The quality of the print is not bad.
        Easy To Use &amp;amp; Setup, Not Expensive For Ink Jet Refill Cartridges
        small, cheap
        .....
        Pretty cheap now that they're a bit old. Fairly good print quality, with a reasonable print speed.
        it's a printer
        Cheap
        decent printer for the price
        Cheap printer with cheap cartridges
        The price is the deception...
        Cheap, small, easy to use printer program
        would make a nice house for a family of mice
        Dirt cheap.
        Low price
        easy to set up
        Ease of use, cheap price, availability
        Sometimes, it works
        Cheap, decent quality
        inexpensive
        For a cheap printer, it will do an O.K. job, but that's all.
        Nice picture quality
        Reasonable price for a color inkjet
        Inexspensive
        for basic printing, this machine is fine
        Reliable, solid
        Easy to use, easy on ink
        Very inexpensive.
        Cost, efficient, 2-cartridge system
        Prints photos beautifully!
        Inexpensive two cartridge system
        Inexpensive at the time
        Price, setup, software
        Simply the best home ink jet there is
        Great quality print--both text and images, including photos, quick set-up, 1200 x 1200 resulotion
        Speed and Quality
        specs are good
        Has lasted well for four years without service
        Reliability, color, dpi
        Good Print Quality, Good Price, Amazing Service
        Ease of use, low maintance, highly reliable
        Reliable, great quality output
        inexpensive, good support
        Good print
        Color and text quality great, intuitive software, useful tech support website, small footprint
        Good Output, Nice DPI
        Dependable
        Great quality of print
        Near perfect print
        warning the ink is running out
        The price has fell, the reliablity is definitely built in.
        Excellent  quality prints.  Easy operation. Price is right.
        Great print quality
        Good quality printing
        Good, made by Lexmark....
        quiet
        Prints Fast, resolution is nice
        Easy to change the ink cartridges, cool software with printer.  Great to keep as a backup printer.
        Cheap.   Can print envelopes without removing paper.
        Speed, Quiet, Detailed
        price, size, print quality
        Easy Operation
        good color, small compact size, simple to use
        great quality
        Laser quality text prints, High resolution, Quick prints
        Superb rendering of text, very good graphics
        great quality
        Stunning color accuracy, unmatched by any other inkjet manufacturer; software easy to use.
        seems to work fine, saves you $$
        Good quality, features, speed   - for an inkjet
        Inexpensive initially
        It comes in black!
        An inexpensive printer, comes with 2 cartridges. Nice program. 
        Cheap, Reliable, Relatively Small
        Good software, price.
        Low cost
        easy setup, voice controls
        Cheap, Printing in black and white is fairly good
        Space Saving, Takes up little room, easy to install and setup
        reasonable price and compact in size
        nice price
        Cheap
        Good prints, cheap, light as a feather
        GREAT PRICE, GREAT DPI, FAST, GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE
        Easy to use and install, excellent price
        Professional quality for pennys
        good print quality
        Paper weight
        If you are looking for quality and afforability, look no further
        High dpi (1200x1200)
        good price, reliable, ease of installation
        cheap.  Works standalone.  Zip hookup is nice.
        Affordable,quiet,durable
        Can print pretty good pictures
        Set up of printer and software easy
        decent printing
        price
        All Round Good Printer
        Clear, crisp prints at an affordable price
        Very Quiet, Resolution, Print Quality, Price
        Quality, Price
        Great printer, low price
        Good looks, easy paper loading &amp;amp; cartridge change
        It talks; the printing quality is good; very inexpensive
        Please give comment
        Easy to use, cheap price
        1200x1200 res
        Size makes a good fit in a lot of places,Works well with other accessories,Replacing ink is easy,Good price.
        small, good quality color &amp;amp;b&amp;amp;w prints
        Cheap and high quality
        Value, functional, excellent color quality.
        Rich and vibrant colours. Cheap.
        Cheap printer
        It's a printer...
        It's a cheap alternative to a printer of quality
        Relatively fast for a inkjet printer!&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great Price,Refillable Cartridge available.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Inexpensive, high quality prints
        Small, easy to use
        excellent quality and decent price
        Pros: Cost of printer is low
        Good color, cheap, easy to use with a nice user interface.
        Great design, easy to use, easy to install, great quality prints, great speed, nice paper handling, good companion software
        Setup, color, and cost
        Cheap and effective
        price and quality
        Good price- extremely affordable,  great quality, very easy to setup and install
        Cheap, Decent Quality
        Quick, Efficient, and Amazing Printer
        1200x1200 resolution
        A solidly built  great little printer.
        Sharp images, inexpensive
        prints great
        Very Cheap
        good quality prints
        Low price, nice printing quality
        Cost, compact
        Excellent quality
        Easy to install, clear printing, true color.
        cost , reliability, print quality
        Low Cost, High Resolution, User Friendly
        Get value,and what you expect (demand)for your money
        detail; price
        Inexpensive and Reliable
        cost, resolution
        Cheap price, good color quality
        Cheap with great quality
        price
        price, easy installation
        Cheap original price
        Beautiful color printing, good quality
        Print documents &amp;amp; Pictures
        Very cheap and very quiet
        Photo printing
        Super quiet, prints out sharp photos.
        Easy, functional, great print quality
        Voice helper, excellent quality
        price , ease to use print quality
        inexpensive, few jams
        Does great black &amp;amp; white prints
        Low price
        It is small
        Great printer..little price
        Low cost color printer
        Value priced, great print quality, quiet, easy to install and use.
        compact, cheap great print quality
        Affordable, Reliable
        very good
        VERY inexpensive, excellent quality, Makes it easy for anyone to get into digital imaging
        good color
        economical and easy to use
        Price, quality of printing
        affordable,easy to use,fast,reliable
        LOW LOW Price. Easy To Use.
        Cheap, Fast
        Top notch picture quality
        easy setup; easy to use; significant rebate
        Low cost, great color prints,good service
        Great job on text, Paid $59 for it, Easy to use.
        good clear pictures, text and price
        price, output quality
        great bargain, great printing!
        Doesn't cost much and gets the job done again and again
        A  GREAT VALUE
        cheap
        Quality, speed, ease of use, price
        a great affordable printer, that prints excellent with heavy weight paper
        This is an excellent printer with high quality printing skills
        Sharp clear text and graphics,nice paper tray, good software
        1200 dpi, cheap and reliable
        High resolution for a great price
        Ease of Use, Good Basic Color Printer
        Customer Support
        PRICE ,1200X1200 DPI , prints are decent
        Cheap
        Great colors
        inexpensive, good quality printer
        Excellent Bang for the buck.
        Great quality, super quiet, CHEAP
        Initial cost is great
        Price, looks, good quality
        good price, quiet, effective
        Print Quality, Easy Instalment and Price
        Affordable
        Excellent quality
        Good quality and paper handling
        inexpensive, compact, easy to use
        Great Value! Good Quality Printing
        Good, solid basic inkjet printer
        One ink Cartrage, inexspensive Easy to use
        price, features
        work horse
        no hassle rebate - good web site - quality printer
        Great Little Printer.....Better Price
        Cheap, very easy to setup
        Great Printing quality
        inexpensive
        price, speed
        Price
        Cheap, Good Quality Printing
        Cost &amp;amp; Quality
        The price
        Good Quality, reasonable price
        rugged and reasonable
        Small
        price range - high quality finishing
        decent quality printing, easy to use
        Cheap OK performance
        Wonderful resolution
        cheap, easy, fun
        Simple installation, compatibility.
        Price
        Low up front cost
        High Quality printing, fairly quick, small.
        Cheap and good text printing
        easy to set up
        Great Print Quality
        Well, it's cheap.
        It's faster than the one I replaced.
        Price, easy paper loading
        Cheap, clean printing-very quiet
        Cheap, fairly good print quality for the price
        Great low price. Good print quality
        Inexpensive, Mac-friendly
        Great quality printing at an inexpensive price.
        American made, price, customer service
        quick printer, good quality
        Very reliable. Cheap price. Big cartridge means long life.
        Cheap, good printing quality, light, easy to install, quiet 
        Cheap
        Affordable.  Good print quality.
        Very Good Price
        affordable, dependable
        Easy Set Up for Light Printing Users
        Great Quality printing,  Pictures print out very good
        Fast, very good quality, cheap, great software, easy to set up.
        Good value for the money.
        cheap,good print quality
        Cheaper than Ink Cartridges!! 1200 x 1200 dpi printing, Nice Photo Printing
        good print quality, not very loud, and small enough to keep out of the way
        cheap, easy to install on windows
        Inexpensive, fantastic text and color graphic quality
        Price, quality print &amp;amp; speed
        Great price, works great with webtv
        nice voice guy
        Price, quality of work
        It was part of a package deal
        Low cost.
        Inexpensive, easy to use, prints clean fast...
        Cheap Price - Great Family Printer
        Easy to install,inexpensive,great quality came with a cartridge, you can't go wrong.  
        cheap printer, good quality
        Inexpensive
        Price, Price, Price (oh, and quality, ease of use and all that...)
        It's inexpensive, easy to use, and did I mention inexpensive!
        Low price, decent prints, nice software.
        Easy to use and inexpensive
        Very good quality printer for a low cost
        Inexpensive, Medium Quality good for everyday use.
        Cheap, Excellant for the Money, easy to set up and use
        Great printer for low price , great quality printouts
        Inexpensive &amp; compact&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good color quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quiet
        small, quiet, both ports available, ink monitor
        Print Quality, Print Manager, Print Options
        Reasonable price.  Good quality printer
        Excellent quality for a very low price. Very easy to set up. 
        Inexpensive.
        Cheap
        This printer is very affordable and the ink cartridges are easy to install.
        Great quality for the money
        Really cheap,Easy to install,quick printing,Great photo's!
        Low-price printer with readily available accessories
        Inexpensive. Easy to Install. Small space required. Good quality.
        Photo Quality Prints
        Printer is cheap, and pretty dependable
        Cheap, pretty dependable
        Inexpensive, good print quality
        decent quality
        Good Price, Built Well, Great Resolution!
        Easy to set up in Windows.  Excellent image quality for the price.
        poor quality
        Sometimes it reliable
        Unbeatable for the cost. Has parallel and USB connections.
        Easy set up, Decent Print Quality, Cheap to purchase
        Price, Size, Weight
        Awesome photographic quality. Good speed for basic printing. Two cartridge slots.
        Perfect photo-quality output as good as a photo lab.  Very low initial cost.
        It was free after the rebate
        Great Price and Good Print Quality
        easy to install, great print quality
        Excellent, photo realistic printing with optional photo cartridge.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Price.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Overall value for the money.
        Good Quality, Great Price, Fast Printing!
        Ideal for our low-intensity home printing needs.
        Reasonably priced with good print quality on most things.
        Cheap price and good quality.
        Extremely easy to use and a very good price
        High Quality at a very affordable price. Easy to set up
        easy to use.picture quality printing
        Price
        A great machine to have and does a great job for a low price.  
        price, features
        cheap cheap cheap...and good quality prints!
        CHEAP (in price)   Decent quality
        color inkjet, 1200x1200 dpi, only 40.00!
        Great quality, inexpensive, easy to install, cool printer monitor, works with parallel and USB
        High resolution, cheap.
        PRICE!, print quality, holds two ink cartridges
        Cheap (at first)
        great picture
        Nice colors, easy to use software
        Great Price and Good Print Quality
        Faster than my last Lexmark with good quality!
        size of printer
        Low or no cost!! (After Rebate)
        Has good print quality and speed
        It was free.  Even street price is cheap
        Inexpensive, often rebate bonuses, excellent print resolution
        No paper jams
        Cheap initial cost; easy set-up; good driver; works well; bang for the buck factor.
        Good Quality Prints
        Cheap; doesn't jam
        -
        Simple, user friendly,prints with good color, and cheap or in my case free.
        Clear and crisp text &amp;  pictures for the money
        Hahaha! Fast! Colorful! 
        Price is right.
        Inexpensive, dependable
        lightweight, prints fast, easy set up.
        very cheap to purchase, easy to setup
        Color fidelity (using Lexmark drivers)
        Fast printing, price
        Price, super fast text printing (not that is so great)
        Price, lightweight &amp; compact, accurate color rendering, easy to configure, prints iron-on transfers
        Cheap.
        Just the photo printer for me given the price
        Quick printing with good quality and easy to use
        Easy to use, efficient little machine that does the job well.
        Fast printing, and great quality.
        Fast B/W, Cheap
        Cheap., Quality of print ok-when working., 
        Easy installation, cheap ink cartridges,  prints great photos,and very inexpensive.
        Fast; initial print quality was excellent.
        Inexpensive
        Great for the price a good deal.
        inexpensive, easy to use at first
        Cheap, Durable, Fast enough for home use
        Easy, cheap (at first), reliable
        fast, price, user friendly, folds up nicely
        Great Quality, Extremely Fast. Looks Good.
        Come with full ink cartridges, great price, excellent print quality
        compact and light
        Fast, beautiful print quality.  Can use parallel or usb.  
        Great Print Quality
        The color is very good and pretty accurate.  Doesn't jam very often
        Very user friendly with many useful features; excellent resolution for money.
        Very good picture quality
        Great investment for the money
        Very productive printer. QUIET!
        PRICE; LIGHTWEIGHT; SIMPLE TO OPERATE; PRETTY SILENT...
        Cheap.
        Cheap
        Very easy to install, with a great installation guide. Great printer for the price.
        relatively fast, relatively quiet, easy to change toner, separate black and color cartridges
        Price, Refillable?
        Price is definitely right!
        Free (with rebates), fast*, seperate cartridges, can work with color only
        Easy to use, Easy to setup
        Very good quality output for the price
        inexpensive, high quality color and b&amp;w print-out; nice little features 
        Resolution and speed.
        Speed, print quality, easy installment
        Price, ease of installation, clarity of printing both color and black and white
        Great output, much bang for the money!
        Cost, Ease of Use, Quality, Great Customer Service
        Cheap, decent quality
        For $20, its a great price. 
        Price, dual cartridges, quality
        Much better resolution than HP Deskjets
        RESOLUTION, speed, ease of use, price
        great price, high quality prints, great outputs on all kinds of paper, etc etc etc.
        good value for money, good quality, driver software has some very useful features.
        Very inexpensive, excellent print &amp;amp; color
        Inexpensive, 2 ink cartridges, easy to use...
        none
        Inexpensive and easy to operate
        little voices, box, ease
        Low, low price, easy setup
        Very easy to use
        Easy and trouble-free
        Quick, sharp.
        Inexpensive, easy to set up and use, good color and resolution, and voice feedback.
        price point
        Quick printing, good color, shows ink levels
        Cheap, decent quality.
        Cheap, reasonable color, intuitive documentation
        Its a printer.
        Inexpensive, Versatile, Durable, Fast, High Print Quality
        Great Printing Quality, Resolution Is Okay, Included Software!
        Great Printer, Great Print Quality
        Ease of installation, crispness of printing, talking software
        accu-feed paper handling to eliminate jams
        It's cheap.
        Inexpensive, easy to install and use, quality printing
        very good text and good graphics for the money
        Inexpensive, fast, great prints
        Inexpensive to purchase
        Inexpensive, fast, light-weight and compact
        Free
        Inexpensive; easy setup; decent overall performance.  Optional 6-color printing!
        clear text, never jams
        Cheap, Small, Fairly Quick, Simple, User-friendly
        Prints at a decent speed, , Great print quality,  , USB port compatible
        This printer is easy to install and prints clear script or pictures!
        quiet, shows amount of ink left, easy to set up &amp;amp; use
        Cheap
        Sharp print and beautiful color images
        Sharp text, quiet, easy to install
        Dirt Cheap Initial Cost, 1 Year Warranty, Easy Setup, Good Print Quality
        Ease of hook up! Two buttons to deal with. Comes with great software, cheap price.
        Inexpensive, No Paper-Jams, Compact, Easy to Use
        Small and lightweight printer that produces astoundingly crisp text output
        Good software bundle and rebates.  Easy to setup.  Very very cheap.
        Fairly fast, Good quality, Doesn't jam
        cheap, easy to use and install
        Inexpensive unit, good resolution
        compact, easy to install, good print quality, will print photos
        Comes with 2 cartridges, uses color and black simultaneously, USB port for macs and PC
        cheap, small footprint, easy to operate
        Strong, Dependable, and Inexpensive
        cheap cheap cheap
        quality product - affordable price
        Cheap
        easy to install and prints nice and clear
        Quality VS Price = Awesome
        Excellent Lexmark quality, now USB compatible.
        low price, fast printing, great photo quality
        Light, Small, Inexpensive
        great
        Inexpensive
        Great price, seems to handle paper well, good quality output.
        Great quality and performance
        &lt;b&gt;INEXPENSIVE, PRINTS GOOD PHOTOS&lt;/b&gt;
        Excellent graphics including monochrome and color.
        Small, quiet, photo quality, provides excellent prints on glossy paper
        Excellent print quality, extremely inexpensive.
        Affordable, great results, pictures turn out almost perfect.
        Good print quality for text, decent picture print for a sub-$100 printer
        Under a hundred bucks, 1200 dpi
        good quality printing
        Easy setup (to PC and with print cartridges); Fast printing (3.5 ppm color)
        Decent Price, Ink Meter view when printing. Good black print quality 
        High quality
        None.
        High quality output.  Relatively fast.
        Still working wonderfully after 4 years.  Has good print quality and is simple to operate.
        great value
        Quiet and fast, Quality incredible, User friendly
        None
        fast, quality, price
        Great Value, Excellent print quality
        Best quality output, fast, smooth operation.
        Impressive printout quality, nice set of software features
        Great software , easy to use, the best printing I've seen on an inkjet
        Quality and initial price. Easy to print banners.
        Amazing Print Quality, Low Price, Space Saving Design
        Resonably priced, great quality, decent speed...
        9ppm, 1200x1200DPI, USB, Accu-Feed
        Options, Capabilities, Value
        Print Quality is good
        Excellent color printing, versatile
        Price, print quality, speed
        USB or Parallel connections, good print quality
        Print Quality, Speed, Ease of Use, Great Driver Software
        Quality &amp;amp; value
        Good Price
        Great value.  Excellent output quality.
        Beautiful color
        Print quality, quiet, fast
        1200 dpi. Paper delivery so fast you could probably use it to slice salami at 20 paces
        easy to install, simple to configure, joy to use 
        A quality printer with great text printing and good photo outputs.
        waterproof ink, quiet, quality, fast
        High quality color and laser sharp text, ease of use.
        print and text quality, speed, price
        well, it prints, and the B/W is good
        Print Quality, Ease of setup, Reliable
        Print quality, speed
        Low price, excellent customer support, good prints
        Great printer
        Great quality for price, fast document printing, reliable for the most part
        Great color, 1200x1200dpi, LESS THAN $179!!! Voice Prompts!
        Great photo prints
        Print quality.
        Great output, reasonable operating costs
        Voice capable, nice quality
        Price, text quality
        Great print quality, dependable
        Speed, print quality, Price
        Great Color
        Fine Print Resolution, Good Speeds, USB and Parallel port connections
        Good speed, great quality, and a good price!
        Great print quality and speed, easy to setup and use
        Great quality, price plus it is easy to use and hookup.
        faster, accufeed paper handling, USB support
        Quick, high quality printer - excellent quality and very paper tolerant.
        $99 price tag for a printer that has comes highly recommended.
        BEST PRINTER FOR THE PRICE
        Speed, Price, USB and Parallel Compatibility, Print Quality
        Great Print Quality&amp;#9;
        Cost vs performance
        Excellent Print Quality,Faster then most printers in this price range
        customer service accessible and helpful
        FAST, sharp text, Great color
        Quality, price, ease of operation.
        Price for the initial Printer, Print Quality.
        cheap money
        Really good print quality on a starving writer's budget
        Speed, Resolution
        Easy to operated. Comes ready with AC, black and color cartridges. Hidh res printer.
        Nice color matching, Low cost, Compact(compared to most),Tight type.
        Color at average DPI is very good, incredible at highest.
        Speed of printing, high quality graphics and text, price
        Compatible with Apple's USB Printer Sharing, inexpensive
        Fast draft, very high resolution colour
        Fast desktop color printer. Parallel and USB connectivity
        Lot of value for the $, easy to use and install, quality printouts
        Fast, Good quality
        2400 x 1200 even on plain paper
        Cost, speed, ease of use.
        Great quality,Great Price
        fast, highest resolution printer available, only 180 dollars, supports thicker-than-normal paper
        price, top feed system
        A cheap color printer w/ 2400x1200 dpi
        High resolution and fast printer for a great price.
        Great quality not too expensive
        Speed, Resolution, size of printer
        Great Quality, Cheap, Easy Installation, Speedy, Top Loading, Good Interface
        quality,speed,price
        Print quality, print speed
        price, speed, quality
        Great quality, easy to use, good price
        Easy install, reliable, acceptable quality
        Easy setup,  easy to use,  easy to appreciate.
        size, quality
        Deep, rich color when printing photos
        easy setup, crisp text, good graphics, good speed
        price
        Text and image quality, simplicity in use, easy refillable cartridges.
        true USB connection
        fast, high quality printing, cheap, USB, excellent paper feed
        VERY fast black and white printing
        Extremely high detail, very fast.
        Quiet, fast, high quality
        Initial price
        Fast and Clear Printing
        High quality, easy loading, takes all kinds of paper, AMAZING value, good control program.
        Superior Print Quality;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Low Printer Purchase Price;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of Installation&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Fast, inexpensive, easy to use!
        Highest Speed and Quality, Phenominal Prints, Exceptionally Low Cost
        a great home office printer that does a fabulous job on photos
        FAST!
        Fast, Quality Printing, USB and Printer Port
        Good. Fast. Easy to use.
        faster, accufeed paper handling, USB support 
        High Quality Photo Printer.
        Crisp, clean, hi-res output. Fast. Simple to use and set up. Low Price!
        USB and Parallel, excellent resolution, fast bw and color print, price
        Price
        Prints good quality photos, greeting cards and such. Easy to use and hook up!
        Fast, USB Support, Easy to use. 
        Easy setup, one of the most simplistic driver installation I have done. Fast &amp; clear.
        Low Price, Very easy to setup, Excellent print quality
        Faster,Clear sharp Pictures and cartridge gauge
        Extremely fast, excellent 2400 x 1200 photo printing, cartridge last long time.
        Easy to setup
        low ink usage in draft mode...does not eat up ink cleaning itself
        Fast, easy to use when working, USB connection, cheap initial investment, easy cartridge, excellent color.
        um, it prints stuff
        Size, Looks
        Awesome print quality, price, and speed
        Space saving printer with crisp, clear quality
        Great print for photos and color text; aesthetic design
        Excellent quality, quiet, no jams, great drivers, USB or Parallel
        Good graphics
        Price &amp; Quality!
        Stunning picture quality, excellent fast black printing, and never jams...
        Very Fast, excellent text and image quality; Both full Cartridges included
        fast, inexpensive, easy to refill ink
        Decent price replacement ink carts
        2 paper trays, fast, quieter than previous Lexmarks.
        Speed, resolution, price, no aligning, and software (bake potato skinning)
        fast, high resolution, dual paper trays, and great photos
        Print resolution, Style.
        Overall print quality, ease of use, dual paper trays, auto paper sensing
        Good support from Lexmark
        Quality of print, speed and dual print trays.
        Great for home/medium volume use.  Good print quality.  Stunning photos.
        Reasonable cost
        Fast color and B/W printing and two paper trays
        Awesome...and I mean AWESOME pictures!!!! At 199.00 + tax(office depot) it's a bargain.
        Inexpensive, Small Footprint, Quiet, Fast and Crisp printing.
        Cheap, good text quality, relatively small footprint for a laser
        Affordable, 12ppm,  good print, cool features, small, easy setup, quick startup
        Fast, great print quality, attractive, great price
        Print Quality, USB, Speed, Price 
        Price, quality, speed, size
        Great value; Dependable print capacity; User-friendly; Simple installation
        Good results, reasonably quick, "demo" toner lasts forever, good price.
        Print Quality, fast printing, fast warm-up, nice software,USB,light, compact, cheap, envelope feeder
        Print Quality, fast printing, fast warm-up, nice software,USB,light, compact, cheap, envelope feeder
        Good price and print quality
        Cheap.
        nice print quality
        Fast, easy to install, and light weight enough to carry.
        Ease of set up, speed, quality
        Excellent sharp, crisp, DARK printing. Fast.
        Quick printer, perfect for the home office
        Ease of setup, price, paper handling
        Quick printing, ease of setup and use
        speed, footprint, print quality
        Compact, speed, well drivers, good detail of image, up to 68 Mb, flash, reasonable price
        Low price, flexible connectivity, good paper handling options, high DPI
        Fast, Easy to use, Doesn't suck ink
        Price
        good size, looks nice
        All in One, Easy to Use, It isn't a flatbed scanner, 
        More multi-capability than most in price range, standalones, easy setup, good resolution. XP compatible.
        Cheap, reliable, easy to install, good scanning mechanism
        good price, looks good, prints with great color, works well
        Comes with scanner, copier, fax and printer
        Cheap, nice form factor, looks nice.
        Haven't found any yet.
        Quick, brilliant color printing, price, practical, simple to operate
        Versatility, Price, and Convenience
        Easy to setup
        A reasonable price for all of the functions it can perform.  Fairly simple to operate.
        Easy to install and set up.
        Inexpensive.
        Easy setup and operation
        gets the basic job done,performs many funtions
        Ease of Use, Great Photo Color
        Price, print quality, ease of use, and multi function in a small machine excellent.
        Affordable
        Inexpensive, setup is easy, works properly in Windows 98, easy to use
        It's a good printer and fax, when it works
        Multiple functions: scanner, fax, copier, printer
        Great print quality
        Easy to use software and menus.
        The printing quality is wonderful, especially when printing photos out on photo paper. 
        Fast printing. Extremely useful. No more trips to Kinkos! Mac-friendly.
        Lexmark X73 is a multi-function printer/scanner/color copier/fax machine
        Great features, good print quality, easy to use
        Good print quality. Scanning software.
        Multifunction, Fast and Easy to use
        Easy to install.  Many nice features
        Low cost. Easy to set up. Plug and play. Very good photo printing quality.
        inexpensive, good quality
        Cost. Multifunction. Light. Easy to use.
        a inexpensive all-in-one, perfect for small volume, easy software
        Great printer. Good photo quality, great scanner, copier, and printer.
        That you can return it!!
        All in one device, simple and straightforward to use.
        compact, all-in-one, easy to use
        Multi task item fast and easy
        Very reasonably priced. Ease of installation and use.
        None
        multifuctional, space saver
        Copact, price, ease of use
        Attractive Space Saving Design
        All in one convenience, flatbed scanner
        A Great all around Product
        Less space then separate printer and scanner.
        Fairly Cheap, Can be Economical if you know what cartridges to buy, Has many features
        Promising features (if it worked)
        Great output and scanning, easy to use and setup, cleans up your computer desk!
        Easy to Use
        Acceptable color prints, all in one, no feeds problems
        Compact, elegant design; easy to setup and operate; good print quality
        all-in-one printer, color copies, fast printing speeds
        Neat looking, good quality prints and very easy to use.
        Cheap
        Very east to use, great price, decent scan speed/quality.
        Very Cheap and easy to find at stores.  Does it all.
        Easy to find, easy to get replacement ink.
        Flatbed scanner, copy, fax, fast printing, Matches my Dell Computer
        Very Cheap and easy to use.
        inexpensive, good scanner, easy to use
        Cheap and stylish. Requires minimal assembly. Good image quality on prints, scans, and copies.
        Great Printer! 
        Easy to use, prints real good, scans great.
        It's cheap, and it prints envelopes., Rarely jams up., 
        Great looking printer
        Very Inexpensive! Multifunctional and Esy to Set Up!
        quiet, male voice signals when printing, scans, copies, faxes, 
        Small for multifunctional printer. Other than that it's horrible!
        Color Printer, Scanner, Copier all in one, USB Connector.
        Good quality print &amp; copy, easy to use, can work from keypad w/out computer
        For the money, as well as a single footprint, it can't be beat.
        Cheap, compact, decent print quality when it works, did i say cheap?
        BEST customer service representatives I have EVER dealt with!  Please continue to see why!
        Many functions, cheap price
        A complete system all in one. No need to buy multi pieces of equipment.
        Price is only pro I can think of
        Simple Copy button (in theory).  That is about it
        An excellent printer for the money
        Works great as a standalone copier.  But the functionalities are great.
        Price; Functions; Quality of Printing; Speed of machine; 
        Functional, Quality of Prints, Price
        Clear, concise print. Easy to understand instructions. All in one compact size.
        Lots of "big boy" copier features, posters, wallet pictures. Doesn't need PC.
        dont need to turn on your PC for common tasks. excellent photo quality output
        Don't need to boot up the computer to make color or B&amp;W copies.
        Copier can be used without PC, decent quality color print for money.
        Excellent print quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of use
        Color Printing and Copying and a Scanner to boot
        cheap, fast, reliable
        Its a fast, all in one printer. Good quality
        Nice print quality, quiet and quick
        Computer does not have to be on to make copies, exceptional color copy quality 
        stand alone color copier, very good print quality, good price for a All-in-one
        &amp;#149; Great features&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#149; Rubberized buttons and quality plastic.
        Great Copier and scanner
        Easy to use, monitors ink volume levels, good scans
        Good output for Print and Scan.
        Functionality Quality Reputation and Price
        printer, copier and scanner all in one&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        On-Board Photocopy feature easy to use;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Prints well&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quick and easy to set-up
        Low price, ease of operation
        Great price, great photo quality color copies/scans, great value!!
        Great price, flatbed scanner, ease of setup and use.
        Clear Picture, Scans, Copys, and Prints. Fair Price.
        So many features, easy to use, great printing ability
        3-in-1 features, user-friendly
        cheap
        An incredible value!
        SOMETIMES, IT WILL RUN WITH NO PROBLEMS!
        Price, Functions; ease of use
        Three-in-one inexpensive machine
        3 in one
        The x83 was very easy to set up and install into my computer programing.
        Flexibility, Price
        Good Printquality, Easy Setup, speed
        Price, options offered
        Great prints
        price. ease of use
        Impressive quality at an economic price.  
        One of the best in print quality for a multi-function. Nice scan &amp; photo quality.
        Quality Printing and Scanning
        Multiple Uses (scanner, printer &amp; copy machine)
        Stand-alone, fast printing speed, decent quality
        Four great features, great printing quality, 
        Simple to use.
        Lots of features, price
        Good Printer when it works poor service
        Very good print quality - WHEN IT WORKS!
        Performs as advertised
        Excellent, reliable, economical printing
        Good quality print and color. Easy set up.
        fair price
        Excellent printing for this price.
        Good Quality prints and easy setup.
        Good Quality, while it works. Top Load (No paper jams)
        Inexpensive, easy to install.
        Supposedly fast prints*, photo-quality rated**, nice software***
        Ok price. Looked good in the store.
        Inexpensive, Great Printer that puts out High Quality images
        Very sexy package, great sharp text
        High Speed, Print Quality, Drivers
        Easy to install, excellent quality pictures.
        Inexpensive, high quality printing, very easy to use.
        easy install
        quality printing
        Speed and Print Quality are both great
        Fast, quality, price
        Great value, print quality, ease of setup,wonderful color quality, easy on-screen print options, and excellent output.
        Very user friendly
        Fast, efficient, excellent print quality
        Outstanding value
        Fast, superb image quality, free software.
        inexpensive, crisp, vivid text and color presentations
        None
        Great quality printing, low-priced
        Cheap; efficient; handles all paper types; user-friendly software; delivers high resolution.
        makes a good paperweight
        Price, speed, ease of use, clarity, the list goes on!
        Excellent print quality
        Very colorful displays
        easy installation, good printing, great price
        Initial cost, good image output, easy install
        Everything
        Good Printer, Fast Speed
        Excellent color, inexpensive, works with macintosh
        Smaller Frame then the Z52. Same high quality printing and reliablity.
        Low price; fast print speeds; excellent text print quality.
        Very Fast...
        Fast Crisp Printing
        Extremely Small, quick, super easy to use
        It's small and cheap, and a great tool for taking terrible pictures.
        Great design, easy to use
        Small
        Fits in jeans coin pocket, conversation starter everywhere
        Small
        Small and easily transportable., Good for emailing pictures., Can take 53 pictures a session.
        small, stylish, easy to use, handy
        VERY compact and awesome shell design
        Small, Compact Size, Fits almost anywhere. low price, 
        Great Stroller, Light Weight, Easy to Fold
        lightweight, easy to fold, wheels conveniently spaced for stair climbing
        It is not so heavy. maneuverable. Easy to clean. Fits through doors.
        lightweight and compact, sturdy, great in the rain
        Big basket, dual handles, canopy, reclining seat, great quality and value
        Seems like you would get more for your money with this stroller.
        Fits through store doors, can handle larger kids
        light; folds easily; sturdy; good height, also for men; smooth roller
        Fits through doors, lightweight, easy to fold
        easy to collapse, removable rain cover, stylish, lightweight
        Lightweight, very manoeuvrable, tough, no rust after two years!
        Ease of use, build quality, styling.
        Great handling.  Easy folding.  Very well constructed.
        easy to fold, narrow
        small, lightweight, easy to stroll and pack into trunk
        Basket, Durability, Strength, Maneuverability
        Nice cloth, corners like a charm, compacts well, nice BIG baskets!!
        easy to fold, rubber wheels, side-by-side seats, full recline
        lightweight, maneuverability
        easy
        Sturdy, Ease of use, Manuverable, Comfortable Snazzy
        LIGHTWEIGHT, easy to get in and out of trunk, narrow
        Lightweight, durable, easy to maneuver, functional, versatile
        lightweight, fits thru standard doorway
        Easy to set up and fold down, height of handles, easy to push
        Great cornering, not too wide, good buckling system
        Easy to fold and transport, attractive, many reclining options, open design allows children to interact.
        Stylish, good for tall people (I'm 6'5")
        Sturdy,Navigation,Compact,Design and Function
        Lightweight, easy to fold, Stylish 
        One of the sturdiest,lightest and most attractive strollers on the market.
        Fully reclines, easy to maneuver, compact, easy to open/collapse, will last for many children.
        Easy and light to lift
        Compact, easy to maneuver with one hand while opening a door with the other., 
        light, easy to maneuver, folds easily
        light weight, maneuverable, extendable handles
        Durable, lightweight, optional carrying case, Very easy to maneuver
        Lightweight, compact umbrella folding, easy to maneuver, 
        Lightweight, easy to fold, sturdy, looks great
        Lightweight, compact, reclines, tall canopy, smooth ride, five point harness
        Lightweight, sturdy, easy to steer, easy to open and close, compact.
        High handlebars, foam grips, urban style
        Lightweight, VERY sturdy, stylish, easy to steer, wonderful service by distributor.
        very stylish, easy to fold up, doesn't take up a lot of space, drives/steers well
        Light and folds small
        Lightweight, compact and stylish 
        Lightweight, easy to use, stylish
        Light, sturdy, compact, great sunhood, onehanded folding, brilliant for tall people &amp; cheap in UK.
        GREAT features - lightweight, easy folding, basket, reclining, hood, high handles
        nice design, maneuvers well
        Sturdy, easy to steer &amp; clean, trendy, light
        light, maneuverable, durable
        Easy to maneuver, trendy, lightweight, folds up quickly, easily and compactly (is that a word)
        reputation of company, reflective material, weight, ease of use, handles 
        Very Very Lightweight
        maneuvers great,durable,lightweight,good resale value
        Really sturdy stroller
        Great design and really sturdy for being so light.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Very comfy, lightweight and easy to steer!
        Excellent steering control - the best! One tough little lightweight stroller.
        Good image quality, small and light
        Great for downloading to our computer.
        Not any I can think of.
        light-weight, size, good quality
        great pictures! small, convenient convenient camera!
        Inexpensive, 2.1mega pixels, simple, responsive, good image quality
        Great photos, small and compact, a lot of features, meets all of the criteria I look for
        picture quality, convenient to use, price
        Easy to carry, versatile, shot review/delete, 2.3 Megapixels
        Lightweight, good quality, good value for money
        price is cheaper than many, small and easy to store
        Lots of great features, compact in size, Minolta reliability
        compact, great pictures
        No comment
        7X "bright" zoom-lens; excellent optics; handling just like a traditional SLR/ZLR; considerable light-weight; little time-lag
        Easy to use, fast mode switching, high resolution, not too heavy 
        high resolution, high zoom
        Excellent zoom lens and SLR type controls&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great photos
        Excellent macro detail, incredible flexibility, up to 1GB memory available
        Lots of pixels, easy-to-use controls, 35mm-like settings, stunning images
        Excellent Image Quality, Easy to use, Easy grip shape. Professional lens and Amazing 5.24 megapixels.
        Excellent Image Quality, Professional Features, Options for Lenses
        7x Zoom, 5Meg Pixel, Fully Manual Control over everything
        A digital camera that feels like a good 35mm camera!
        Excellent image quality; awesome 28-200 zoom lens; many professional-level features
        The Lens (7x's optical zoom), 5.24 Megapixels, Gorgeous Photos, SLR-like 
        Photo quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Degree of control&amp;#13;&amp;#10;battery life&amp;#13;&amp;#10;versatility&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Range of magnification
        Nice pictures
        beautiful images!
        Great lense and options., Good ergonomics.
        GREAT lens, fast AF, good manual control, tons of features
        Great 7x optical lens, lots of features.
        Brilliant lenses, amazing features, SLR-like design, AA-battaries, huge zoom.
        Lots of features.
        Fabulous lens, great pictures, many "35mm pro" features
        lightweight,5 megapixels,has movie mode
        Heaps of Features :)
        zoom lens, b/w and color filters,auto and manual focus, feature rich
        Image quality, Ease of use. Very well designed, great lens.
        28mm-200mm zoom,4xAA batteries,manual zoom,49mm filter thread,elec.viewfinder
        Manual zoom ring! Many SLR-like controls. Good lens. SLR-like feel
        Choose between fully manual or auto operation. Nice low light viewfinder. Faster recycle between shots.
        Great control over color, contrast, and exposure; Hot shoe, Continuous-drive mode
        easy use, menu system, options, documentation, compatable
        size, light-weight, picture quality, features
        Super-small, fabulous pictures, portable, efficient storage, pro-features
        Superb Auto mode, manual features, four megapixels
        Small Size, LCD settings display w/o using the color screen
        4 Megapixels, Autofocus technology, movie recording
        Compact, superior picture quality, very user friendly.
        Small size, quality images, easy of use
        small size
        Feature packed, Outshines Sony &amp; Canon!
        powerful. many features. quality pics
        Extremely lightweight and compact, Easy to Use, Beautiful Photographs
        Apert.Priority and Shut.Priority, 4MP, AA size batts
        Manual features galore, use of AA batteries, long night exposure (BULB), ultra-compact.
        Size, flexible batteries
        Ultra Compact, High Resolution, , Runs on AA Batteries, Manual Set-up &amp; Auto
        Styling
        Easy to use. Small enough to fit in pocket. Excellent pictures.
        Sharp photos (when in focus), nice features, fairly easy to use in basic mode
        Picture quality, features and price
        bargain price for a feature-rich and nicely built camera
        Great pictures, great optical zoom range, Outstanding software package
        Good price, 4X zoom, can start "basic" picture taking quickly
        sharp natural color pictures. really like the 4-level optical zoom.
        Excellent--Good buy , Looked a long time for a quality camera and found one., 
        Easy to use out of the box, Tons of features and settings 
        Ease of use, 4 MegaPixs, Great Pics
        Great picture quality, Multiple photographic style/size/quality features.  Manual features east to use.
        Takes Amazingly Good Pictures - Auto Exposure Works - Precise Focus
        4 Mega Pixels, Excellent Value, Fast Response
        Stunning picture quality. Ease of use. Price.
        Saves uncompressed images, great resolution, great manual features.
        Most Compact &amp; Lightweight 3X optical I have seen, long battery life,audio annotation, easy navigation
        Amazingly small, metal skin, easy to use, decent battery life, no Windows drivers needed
        Tiny camera, 3x Optical, 2 MegaPixel, wonder in photographic engineering
        So tiny and portable.  Easy.  Durable.   Makes short movies.  Quality seems better than 2 Megapixel.
        Design; Come with charger and rechargable battery; movie mode with sound; easy file tranfer.
        Tiny, fits in pocket wonderfully. Very good pictures, battery life
        small size, fast start up, metal casing 
        AMAZINGLY compact with 2 MP, 3X optical zoom, Very fast
        Size does matter
        Small, stylish, fast.
        Size.  Size.  Size.
        Compact, lightweight
        Small, EASY TO USE, quality built.
        Amazing looks/build, easy to use, excellent picture quality, feature content, revolutionary features and size, value
        Small
        Small, Light-weight, Expandable, Features
        Size, ease of use, quality
        Size, durability, rechargeable battery, long-battery life
        Super tiny size, easy to use, great photos.
        Very portable. Stylish, too!
        Easy to Use, Analog Zoom, Small enough to fit in top pocket
        SMALL, decent battery life, fast startup, optical zoom, extremely rugged
        size, quick startup, 3MP
        small and compact, nice looking, good quality photos
        A great "have-it-with-you-all-the-time" camera!
        Stylish, ultra Compact, 3X zoom, 3 Megapixels , 
        small, light, good picture quality, easy to use
        Size, size and size!
        size, audio capability, ease of use, design
        Small size, ease of use, very good quality snapshots.
        Super fast start up hardly any lag between shooting at all resolutions
        Excellent Pro Quality Color Laser At Great Price
        Great price, good quality color printing, quicker than ink jet.
        Fast, high quality, low price, ethernet capable
        Minolta holds its own against a new HP product - offers affordable Color printing.
        The print quality is superb.
        Very Sharp Printing, easy on the consumables !
        Fast, neat, top quality print on regular paper
        Excellent price, solid quality output. Flexible interfaces and lots of options.
        Instant quality prints, Useful menu options, accepts multi media
        fast for price, 1200 x 1200, cheap, nice design, doesn't jam, easy to set up.
        Small, fast, excellent text., Very good B&amp;W photographs., Best priced laser printer on the market.
        Excellent print quality;  17 pages per minute speed;light weight machine
        Meets Specifications
        Fast, clear/crisp documents
        Price, image quality, speed, and size
        Fast setup, low cost, excellent print quality.
        Cheap, compact, fast printing, good quality, easy to set up, relatively quiet
        Good Pictures, Preview Option, CF option, USB Connection, Great Price/Performance
        Price
        Easy to use, nice pictures, long battery life
        easy to use, great pics, low price
        cheap
        IT WORKED FOR 5 MINUTES
        Long battery life, good design, USB, expandable memory
        low price, USB connection, Cybershot viewfinder
        USB connection, great battery life, price is fairly low
        cheap, simple to use, fast picture download
        Cheap, sleek looking, easy to use
        cheap, easy to use
        Very Cheap, Useful, Removable Flash cards, PC Link.
        Low cost, easy to use, good software
        Cool LCD, fair picture quality, TWAIN interface
        cheap
        good price performance ratio, small and light
        Inexpensive, built in flash, easy to set up
        Good quick snap camera for Under $100
        Great print quality, print jobs begin quickly
        Attractive, fast, excellent quality print, easy to print two sides
        Great copies, Quiet, solid, reliable, good technical support.
        Price, Low Warm Up Time, Support
        Fast printing, quiet when sleeping, Inexpensive, Easy to use, Very good quality printing
        Relatively fast, superb text quality
        Reliable, good output quality, acceptable speed
        Cheap Printer, Good Win98 Support
        Great quality, speed and reasonable size. $50 rebate from NEC.
        Speed, price, resolution quality.
        High quality printouts (text &amp;amp; graphics), fast
        Fast and Reliable with superb print quality
        &lt;b&gt;Extreme&lt;/b&gt; value, inexpensive, reliable
        High quality printouts (text &amp;amp; graphics), price, resolution quality, Great copies, solid, reliable, good technical support clear text Fast and Reliable, speed and reasonable size.
        cheap, fast, clear output
        Good Printer
        Good Value, Expandable, Fast
        Text Quality &amp;amp; Price
        Good price, okay quality.
        Inexpensive
        Cheap...easy to set up and use
        Inexpensive, fast, and reliable
        Solid, quiet, dependable, easy setup
        great price for home users. excellent quality
        NONE!!!
        Quick. high quality
        Good software, high quality, unbeatable price
        Low operating costs; low equipment cost
        quality product, never a problem with it
        Fast, sharp and clear graphics
        Great price for the quality, clear printing, many shades, user-friendly.
        costs and print quality
        Price, toner
        excellent print quality
        Crisp Text and Graphic
        Price.
        price, performance
        Great Printer... reliable and fantastic print
        NONE
        Great print quality, inexpensive, easy to use, more than fast enough for SOHO environments
        Fast, good quality, easy set up and use, and a &lt;i&gt;fantastic&lt;/i&gt; print driver for Win98
        great for the home user
        Reliable, good output quality, acceptable speed
        Fast, sharp output for the money. seldom jams
        Good quality printing.  Many printing features.
        Good features, cheaper than most cameras.
        Good image quality, Price, great macro, wonderful colors
        Image Quality, Price, Zoom, Compact Size
        Easy to use
        Feature Set, Macro, Zoom, AA batteries
        Small, good screen
        Very easy to use, good zoom range, easy to connect to computer
        Small, good pictures, default options work well
        Easy transfer of photos.
        great zoom, great price, easy to use, 3X optical zoom, good marco pics
        Cheap, good picture quality, zoom
        Very compact design, great picture quality.
        Very small compact design, fast shutter response time, great quality photos.
        small/compact, lots of bang for the buck, many nice features
        Compact size, good picture quality, great value.
        IT takes awesome pictures..Clear, very handy..Small and compact..Affordable price..Awesome zoom
        Size, light weight, quality pictures, picture modes
        Inexpensive/Quality photos/useful features not found on most cameras in the $$ range/Simple to use.
        price, 3x optical zoom, good features, ease of use, easily navigable buttons, compact, picture quality
        Compact, neat new swiveling lens design, cheap, excellent metering , 
        Nice Pictures, Picture Modes, Self Timer, Great Battery Life
        Ease of use, size, great pictures, cool design
        Light, easy-to-use digital camera with great resolution
        Good automatic mode, nice features and easy to use
        Clear Shots
        Easy to use, Excellent Quality of pictures, Battery life is good, Has a video mode!
        image quality, macro mode, ease of use, battery life, cool looks
        Easy to take beautiful pictures, simple to load onto a computer.
        Small, swivel lens.
        Easy to use, sleek &amp; unique design, swivel lens, "scene" feature
        Easy to use, looks nice, movable lense, 
        Size, weight,flip lcd,compact flash card
        Compact, easy to use, and takes great snapshots
        Lots of Scene modes, great pictures outdoors
        ac battery charger included, easy uploads w/pc card adapter,fits in pocket
        A len that "rotate", light weight, 12 scene modes to select from
        Small size, easy self-portraits with 360-degree pivoting lens, fairly simple to use, good price
        Lots of features, compact, decent picture quality
        Great little camera with a good user interface.
        Motion shots.  Auto focus.  Small. The view finder is cool.  Easy to work with.
        Very cool looking., Good picture quality
        Amazingly sharp outdoor pictures, great close up and zoom, good ergonomics
        Small.  Cool swivel lens.
        Convenient, easy to use, good swivel lens options, overall respectable results.
        Small, CF memory, Rechargable battery, nice pictures in good light, small compact design
        Small, cool swivel lens, quality pictures, easy to use
        Great camera, Doesn't cost a lot, Takes movies, Many shooting scenes
        Compact, value, resolution
        Swivel lens, lightweight, movie mode, 3x optical zoom, innovative and sleek design
        great to look at, incredibly easy to use, nice compact size
        Low Price, good quality
        Folding lens avoids scratching.  Easy and accurate photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
        Built-in One-Touch Upload button; Inner-swivel lens;  affordable price, 15-minute movie recording
        Movie can be shot in 3 kinds: B/W, septia and color. 
        Compact Size, Stylish, ergonomic design, 14 scene modes, amazing macro function.
        Excellent macro function, Excellent camera for the price &amp; features,Build Quality
        small camera! large lens and megapixels for money
        Small size, Lots of features, Crisp, clear pictures
        Good Price, Excellent Pictures
        Clear, Easy to Use, Many Settings
        Small, Good Zoom, Sharp Pictures, Good Price.
        TINY.  Good Image Quality.  Good Presets. VERY easy to use.
        PointnShoot simplicity, Matrix Metering, incredibly flexible scene modes, 
        Great pics, small size, optical zoom
         The enhancement options are easily accesible from the camera itself.
        Small, lightweight, easy to slip into a shirt pocket
        Easy to use, it takes nice photos without the flash!
        Compact in size, easy to use, very versatile, wonderful pictures.
        Compact, neat swiveling lens design, relatively cheap, excellent metering , 
        Easy to use, light weight, lots of options, rechargeable batteries, 
        Nikon reputation &amp; past experience, Compact, Respectable megapixel rating, &amp; Decent price!
        This durable and lightweight camera can take quality pictures and video of you and others.
        Great pictures, corrects red eye problem in Coolpix2500, compact and stores loads of pictures
        Compact.  Good pictures.  
        Swivel lens, compact size
        Easy to use, good price,  its a NIKON, excellent features
        4 Megapixels, Bright Display, Easy to use, advanced features, 12x digital zoom, compact
        Ease of use, four megapixels, price, size, options
        Four MegaPixels, excellent 3X Nikkor Zoom, PointnShoot simplicity, and price, 
        Very easy to use
        4 megapixels, point and shoot capacity, great images, pro/advanced features, easy to use
        Price, Features, battery life
        Easy to use. Great photos even in a very dark room.
        small, goodlooking, good macro and automatical focus, quick trigger, good picture display
        Excellent Image Quality.  Nikon Optics., Compact size.
        Small, Rechargeable battery, optical &amp; Digital zoom, perfect color, manual modes
        Easy to hold, beautiful pictures, simple setup and documentation, durable
        Quality. Advanced manual options.  SMALL for its feature set
        Beautiful colors, good macro.
        Price, Nice Picture quality, Compact, Lots of settings
        Good size and feel, nice features for price, quality images.
        Crystal Clear LCD, Decent battery life, AWESOME pics, affordable, ergonomic
        Auto, pre-set Scene and Manual modes. Lithium rechargable battery and charger incuded. 4 MegaPixels. 
        4 MegaPixels, Ease of Use, Excellent color reproduction, advanced/pro features, price!
        user-friendly, fun, light, easy to follow-instructions
        Price Vs Quality
        So many features, easy to use, easy to learn, great automatic mode
        Compact, neat update on the swiveling lens design, 4 megapixel, excellent metering&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        4 Megapixel, Lightweight, versatile, rich colors, sharp lens, accessories, pro-sumer oriented, rechargeable Li-ion battery
        4 mpixels. Huge assortment of accessories. Infinitely many shooting options.
        There are way too many things that are good about this camera
        Ease of use, 4 megapixel, accessories available
        Sleek all metal magnesium alloy body, internal focus 4x optical zoom lense.
        Light-weighted and durable enough for even the most amateur of photographer.
        rechargable batteries, can record video + audio, all metal body, full manual mode, brighter colors
        Excellent picture quality; Ease of use.
        Excellent build construction, good image quality, swivel design
        Very bad camera
        Small, lightweight camera, big on features and performance.
        Takes great pictures., Outstanding for macro work.
        Build Quality, Lens, 4MP CCD, and Excellent Color Saturation
        4 megapixels, 4X zoom, great for macros., Lots of options.
        Good picture quality, great for technical shots
        twist body. great pics. tons of features. nikon.
        4 pixels with many accessories give more shooting options
        impressive macro capability, feature rich, really nice shots!
        Great resolution, features, and ergonomics (But read the manual)
        More options than I will ever use, easy to use.
        excellent picture quality, good construction and feel, nice size
        Excellent macro quality for 35mm slide copying.  Relatively small size. 
        Blazingly fast autofocus, excellent metering, and a very very sharp lens.
        5 Megapixel Images, Pro metering, NO SHUTTER LAG 
        no shutter lag, fast autofocus, 5 megapixels, tons of features
        Great pictures, compact design, super fast auto focus
        Shutter Response, Excellent Image Quality
        Plethora of Features - Excellent Quality - Beyond Excellent Images
        size, light weight, ergonomics
        Good lens, TONS of features, good battery life-SUPER EASY FILE TRANSFER!!
        excellent image quality, flexible, powerful!
        Incredible images. Numerous features. Good optics. Nikon name.
        Lightweight; Excellent quality photos; easy link to pc
        Great resolution, small size, excellent wide-angle zoom.
        Excellent image quality, quality Nikon construction, many features, many accessories available, good heavy construction
        Pictures are perfect, nice small well built body
        Excellent quality, user friendly, compact
        Everything about this camera is a plus.
        Fast, great colors and resolution.
        5 Mega pixels, very small size, lots of options
        Great picture quality; simple to use
        Many useful features, excellent picture quality, easy photo transfer from camera to computer.
        8X Nikkor Zoom, five megapixel resolution, uncompressed RAW &amp; TIFF images, 
        Good optical zoom, RAW mode, Great results, Plenty of user control
        5 MegaPixel, 8x Zoom, lots of features, accessories, and more pros than I can list
        Electronic Viewfinder Plus LCD, Excellent Fit/Grip, 8X Optical and Nikor Lens.
        Great image quality &amp; plenty of features to give the photographer total control.
        Excellent photo quality and lots of great features!
        High resolution, can accept a 1GB memory card, for its ability it is small
        Nice appearance. Compact. Great outside shots.
        Crisp and clear images, professional and elegant design, 8x zoom is magnificent
        5 megapixels, 8X zoom (35-280 mm), nikon quality and reliability
        Takes beautiful pictures, 8z zoom, EVF makes camera SLR like, small for it's feature set.
        macro , zoom, body
        Good picture quality in daylight, 8x Optical zoom, 
        responsive, really nice resolution, feature laden
        Enormous zoom range, ultra-compact, dazzling images, easy interface
        size, weight, lens
        takes great shots, cool features
        affordable
        Image quality and resolution; Ease of use 
        Close Up Shooting
        Very versatile, compact, easy to use
        Easy to carry, just point and shoot
        Great deal for a 2.1 megapixel camera
        Clear and crisp photos
        ease in transfer to laptop
        Image Quality second to none Fast performance Uncompressed Tiff Nikkor Lens Manuel controls 
        Fast Performance, Good Image Quality
        Manual/auto modes, macro, 2X zoom, very easy to handle as it's light and fits hand well.
        Light Weight, compact size, excellent features for the money
        Small, lightweight, battery is included with camera, good resolution, excellent 8x10 color prints, Nikon reputation
        Small, lightweight, easy to use.
        Small size, 2 megapixels, one button image transfer, Li-Ion rechargeable battery included.
        Compact design. Simple &amp;#147;Scene Mode&amp;#148; operation.  One button photo upload.
        Portable, stylish and affordable. Fits in your shirt-pocket. Multiple settings ,daylight pictures are excellent
        Battery and charger included, good image quality even on lowest setting 
        rechargeable battery, compact size, optical/digital zoom, high resolution.
        Small, lightweight, fast and easy photo transfer to the computer
        small size, easy to upload photos
        small, lightweight, inexpensive, takes excellent macro shots
        Ease of use, low price, rechargeable lithium-ion battery
        Longlasting rechargeable battery, small and light, good documentation, fast USB connection
        Small size, smartmedia, many preset photo modes
        rechargable battery, light weight, ease of use
        Ultra-compact, sturdy design, easy to use menus, good zoom, quality pictures, inexpensive memory, long-lasting battery.
        James Bond,or GQ, for about $300
        very small and stealthy
        Very light, good LCD Screen, Small, NIKON!, Lots of Features, Lithuim-Ion Battery Inlcuded
        Very small, nice pictures, great stills
        Size, styling, quality of pics, different auto settings
        Small size, easy to use all the features
        Lightweight, small, easy to use, great pictures, awesome closeup pics.  Great little camera.
        Small and manageable, High quality pictures with good zoom capability.
        Excellent pocket camera and easy to hold
        Compact size makes it perfect travel camera.
        great for people with time on their hands.
        Lightweight, sleek design, extremely compact.
        Compact and sleek design, Lithium-Ion battery included, Good picture quality
        None
        - Size, - Battery life, - Daytime pictures
        Good size and feel.  Attractive.
        Compact,flexible,easy to use, great macro shots, cheap
        small, light, long charge time, compact flash
        Size, that's about it.
        compact, easy to use, good picture
        Light, Compact Flash, many modes for different settings
        Small, Stylish and easy to use
        Compact, lightweight, comes with a RECHARGEABLE BATTERY. Excellent quality.
        Small, Scene Mode, includes battery and charger
        Small, easy to use, convenient, good quality.
        Rechargeable NIMH battery, recharger &amp; all cables, small &amp; compact.
        Very small, Good picture quality
        comes with rechargeable battery and charger, crisp pictures for a 2 megapixel 
        Small, fairly easy to use, very easy to upload to computer
        Small Size, Easy to Use
        Great Pictures, Light and Small Camera
        Nice small size for carrying.  Good pictures.  Very easy to use.  
        Great value for money if you are a reletive novice.
        Fun, inexpensive, takes lovely clear pictures, and it just works.
        Good ergonomics, excellent image quality, decent macro
        Great picture quality, easy to use, loads of options to play with.
        add-on lenses (teleconverters,wideangle,fisheye) are available and compatible with more expensive Nikon Coolpix 
        Great quality enlargements.
        A true point and shoot camera.  Great grip.  Exposure modes &amp; "Best Shot".
        So easy to use, you almost forget its digital!
        Good resolution for a low cost camera
        High quality pictures, inexpensive, bright LCD
        Compact size, ease of use, low power consumption, image quality
        ease of use
        Great photos, many features
        Very durable, great add-ons
        Accurate color, Crisp definition
        optical zoom,lower cost,smaller size,execellent exposure, focus, and color
        Great resolution, fantastic buy if discounted, $75 Nikon rebate through 04/01.
        Easy to use, intuitive design
        Great Value. Very Reliable, Easy to Use and Excellent Picture Quality.
        Professional Nikon features take incredible pictures at a great price
        Price, Features, Lens, Durability.
        Point and shoot, easy to use, high quality and sharp pictures, real time LCD update
        finely tuned technology
        Amazing photos, various accessories, affordable
        Picture quality, ease of use
        Too many to list
        small, lightweight, durable, 
        Pretty good... good brand.
        Outstanding image quality, ease of use in auto mode, extensive selectivity in manual mode, uncompressed TIFF mode, three useful compressed JPEG modes, wide shutter speed range, rapid recovery allows multiple shots in a short period of time, good ergonomics
        Photo Quality, Easy to Use, Lightweight
        Feature rich, 2.1 megapixel quality
        high resolution pictures, ergonomic design, low price
        easy to use, great picture quality
        Lens, ease of use, accessories, great pictures even at &amp;quot;basic setting&amp;quot;, 
        Price and functions
        good color, good exposure; fast picture review; easy menus;
        Takes great pix, tech support came through
        Its a Nikon, It takes great pictures!
        picture quality, ease of use
        Photo quality, power consumption, features, value. 
        Price, quality, size
        Great enlarged shots
        Excellent quality photos, Intuitive user-interface and controls, great price!
        Photo quality; Price; Easy to use; Good manual options
        Price, quality, and brand.
        Fantastic Photos
        Size, image quality, features, convenience
        High quality, easy to use
        Easy to use, price, pic quality
        Good picture, decent battery life.
        Great bang for the buck and lightweight.
        Great price, a lot of features, easy to use.
        Great Picture Quality and White balancing system,  Very inexpensive with rebate
        Ease of use, portability, quality of pictures
        Price and Quality
        excellent price, excellent features (that work as promised!), excellent photo quality!!!
        Great Pictures
        Image Quality
        excellent picture quality
        Small, excellent photo quality, intuitive controls
        great photos, good price
        great quality prints
        High quality images
        quality, ease of use
        Awesome picture quality, excellent features, light, small
        good pictures
        image quality is good
        Digital, can put on computers, viewing screen, quality and flash settings, does not use film, durable, easy to use.
        Easy to take pictures, CompactFlash memory cards make it simple to move pics to PCs
        Excellent Nikon photo quality (keyword photo quality)
        Great quality images, very affordable, and easy to use 
        High quality high resolution pictures. Lots of features
        2+ megapixel, Great images, add on lenses, great price
        Great Value. Very Reliable, Easy to Use and Excellent Picture Quality.
        Easy to use, customizable settings, great photos.
        Can be picked up cheap. High  quality to last you a couple more years. 
        Small, well located controls, viewfinder &amp; clear 2.5x zoom, lens addons
        Captures great photos, many features.
        Nikon name, pixels
        All the useful features of the Nikon 990, with a better size for traveling.
        good photos, nice size, interesting scene mode, great quick view.
        High resolution, right size, good preview, powerful zoom
        Great photos with lots of detail, zoom, some manual features
        Compact, Easy, Excellent Quality Photos
        Great pictures, nice auto settings
        Very light weight and compact, good quality pictures, versatile.
        Excellent image quality, fast shot2shot recharge
        sharp images, many features, lower cost
        3.34 megapixels, great lens, many modes, caters to amateurs and pros, crisp LCD screen
        Manual modes, optical zoom, metering options
        Size, Battery life, PC Connectivity, Pic Quality.
        Quality pictures, picture enhancing features, 5 autofocus regions, Scenes mode, small and light-weight.
        Great image quality, great auto metering, one touch photos.
        compact size, good lens, great manual control, and good button location
        compact size &amp; settings galore
        Excellent color and lighting, full of features.
        3.34 Megapixels, Great Features, Super Price
        very high quality images, compact size
        Good images, convenient
        Nikon Quality, Feature Rich, Manual Control
        Featured-Packed and Oh So Small!
        Price picture quality
        Very compact, tons of features, great picture quality even at the lower settings.
        Excellent photos, compact size, easy to use, optical zoom, available accessories
        3.34 megapixel,Macro ability, Best Image quality
        CAMERA SOUND, CAMERA ZONE, COMPDIRECT and DISCOVERY CAMERA do not honor their website prices!
        Nikon name, form factor.
        Size, Price, Picture Quality, Features
        Great size, solidly built, light.
        Very good price, many features, rather compact, excellent quality of images
        Quality, price, add-on accessories, LOTS of features, size, great macro, SCENE mode, etc.
        excellent pictures
        compact, very sharp, accurate color
        Good Price! Great Picture quality! Easy to learn! Unbeatable value!
        Fantastic camera, TC-E3ED teleconverter can shoot the moon, See below
        Sometimes it takes decent pictures
        Good features - nice design - sharp images
        Light, small, sharp, easy to use, flexible manual controls
        Good controls, sharp pictures, good manual mode
        image quality, size and weight, manual controls, optional wide angle and telephoto lenses
        Small, feature-full, 3.21 megapixel Camera with user friendly layout
        Good picture quality, easy to use, compact and small, lighweight, good features
        Compact, lightweight, decent battery life, uses CF cards, good macro, easy to use.
        size and easy to use
        Easy to use, affordable, lightweight and convienient.
        user friendly, small, durable with good pictures
        Very small, takes great pictures, rechargeable battery.
        small, fits well in your hands, auto mode takes good simple pictures for a beginner
        Compact, lightweight, user-friendly, affordable, high quality photos
        Compact, light, easy to use
        great small size
        Usage instructions are very clear;  very compact and easy to carry
        small size and ease of use; versatile with many options
        Small, great battery life
        Compact, easy to navigate menu, 
        small, lots of shooting modes
        New 3X Nikkor Zoom, &amp;#147;Point&amp;#146;n&amp;#146;Shoot&amp;#148; simplicity, Matrix Metering, CSM mode and Quick Review mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Small, Good Lens, Rechargeable Battery Supplied,Nice Design
        Affordable, easy to use, tons of options
        Image quality, design, ease of use, good auto and manual mode photos, build quality excellent.
        Great feel, high quality pictures, many options, and easy to use.
        Size, Small, Good/Okay egronomics, easy use controls, available memory cards.
        High resolution, low cost
        Great image quality, premium optics, rock-solid construction, versatility, adjustability, swivel design, attachable lenses and filters.
        Good picture quality, features, Compact Flash media, build quality, great accessories
        Relatively inexpensive NiMh AA batteries can be used.  Good close ups.
        quality pictures
        Good resolution &amp;amp; picture quality, easy to use
        Amazing Image Quality, Good manual control, solid design
        easy to use, colorful photos
        nice feature set, swivel view finder
        great picture quality, easy to use
        excellent picture quality
        Features, ease of use, photo quality
        Clear pictures, even at full zoom.
        Image quality, ease of use, flexibility, size.
        Great quality of pictures, ease of use
        Swivel lense, Nikon quality, Cost effective over long run
        flexible, rugged, high quality
        Clear pictures.  Comfortable to use.  There is a lot you can do with this camera if you take the time to learn it.
        Design, Features, High Quality
        great pictures
        Great Quality, Rotating Head, Lot's of features
        Brilliant LCD, Nikon Quality 
        Incredible image resolution quality, great optics and features.
        No film developing, environmentally sound
        great durable camera , swival head, AA batteries
        Small, extremely versatile, easy to use.
        Great image quality, swivel lens, optical zoom
        Excellent image quality and ease of use
        Superb picture quality, fun to use
        Wow, look at those shots!  I must be a pro!
        Manual controls empower you to be creative.
        great image quality, tons of features, easy to use
        Tremendous flexibility  quality
        solid construction, battery life, image quality
        Picture quality, ease of use
        High quality, ease of use, compact easy to carry, accessories readily available.
        Full auto features, Macro capability
        Hot Features, Nikon Dependability, Ease of Use
        Nikon quality
        ease of handling, good picture quality
        Great Value for the Price
        Picture quality, speed of shooting, swivel head, best shot selector, dynamic ISO ranges, great macro ability
        Excellent flash and ergonomics
        very easy to use; excellent picture quality
        compact, high quality images
        photo quality
        Beautiful images
        Good quality and speed to get the result
        - 2.1 megapixel resolution  - Wide array of features and options that are relatively easy to use
        Great size, Great Pictures, Nikon quality
        quality, resolution, storage, instant viewing
        Great looking pictures
        light weight, easy to use and reasonably priced
        Nice Camera
        Hi resolution and manual controls
        Great feature set.
        image quality, speed, features, compactflash
        features, picture quality
        It twists!!!!!
        More features than most cameras in this price range.
        QUALITY, EASE OF USE IN AUTOMATIC MODE, FUNCTIONS
        Great quality, durable, relatively easy to use
        Boatload of features, great image quality
        easy to use and good quality images
        See review
        Compact size, excellent images, excellent macro focus
        Great Image Quality. 
        Swivel feature is unbeatable. Image quality is outstanding
        Excellent camera
        Great pictures
        Optical and LCD finders, user control
        Great images, Total Control Over Settings
        Great  Features, Awesome Pictures, 
        Incredible range of features, high quality pics, over 2megapixels
        Small, lightweight, digital
        Excellent images, easy to use, tons of accessories
        takes great photos
        Good photo quality
        picture quality, manual controls, amazing macro mode
        Image-quality, Ease-of-use, Build-quality, Ergonomics
        Good quality 
        good image quality, fairly durable camera
        Fun  Great Quality Pictures  Easy to Use
        Quality images, easy of use
        great images
        very good picture quality and easy to use
        Good picture quality, easy to use
        easy to use, swivel lens, macro mode built in, has all basic features
        user friendly, use of compact flash cards and AA size batteries
        Easy to use, excellect picture quality 
        Nikon quality Lens,  many features 
        monitor, features, lens
        absolute top quality photos
        Superior quality, easy to use, compact &amp;amp; light, plenty of extras with the camera and you can buy further lenses/accessories
        Nikkor lens, image quality, size, speed
        Incredible macro, very sharp and color correct lens giving sharp brilliant pictures.
        Twistable case, crisp image
        Swivel design; picture quality; versatility
        It's a real camera, it has additional lenses and filters made for it, it's good
        Excellent quality, relatively easy to use.
        Extremely sharp details
        Lightweight,Easy to use,Great images
        Quality pictures, easy to use.
        Ease of use, color view screen
        Great pictures,lens and features
        Many features for amateurs, good resolution, bright LCD, macro lens, swivel body.  Very nice pictures.
        Form-factor, picture quality, zoom, massive features.
        High quality photos.  Very Useful.  Great Close-ups.  I love this camera!  
        Loaded with useful features; easy to adjust exposure; expandability; helpful display
        Great handling, wonderful storage capacity, lightweight,compact,good quality pictures.
        Swivel lens, takes CF cards, uses size AA batteries and takes great pictures!
        Excellent resolution, features, split body.
        Great photo resolution, sharp images, good color, easy to use
        Durablity, quality of photos, easy to use.
        Excellent pictures in Auto almost every time.
        great pictures, easy to use, pro settings
        High Rez, Smart Style and Features
        Great LCD screen, rugged, customizable
        Excellent image quality
        easy to use
        Small, easy to use, and takes great pics
        Very Nice Pic's
        Extensive manual control option, good photo quality
        macro ability can't be beat, and the nikon lens is amazing.
        great picture quality
        Image quality, Functionality, Design
        swivel body, multiple modes, ease of use in automatic mode, quality of images
        Tons of features, movie mode, and very clear pictures!
        unrivaled digital image quality
        best digital camera out there for under $1000
        Value, image quality, versatility, zoom, macro
        Ultra-sharp high res photos, Lots of user
        Superb image quality, lots of options, fast download speeds to a PC, AUTO mode is as easy to use as a regular camera, and much more...
        Excellent Image Quality
        High pixel resolution, easy to use, good software
        High Resolution, Good Zoom.
        Sharp, contrasty lens, 3.34MPixels, neat twist body.
        So easy to use it's scary
        picture quality equivalent to a good 35mm camera
        GREAT picture quality
        Great features, if I ever get the software I paid for.
        Blow your mind pictures
        Great images, feature rich
        Takes beautiful photographs easily!
        Solid, dependable, well documented.
        image quality, features
        Good image quality, quality construction.
        It's the picture quality stupid.
        Great pictures, 3.34 megapixels produce great printout up to 8 by 10, Durable, Great interface
        Great Quality, Sturdy Design
        See Writeup
        Great detail and color
        Resolution, Magnesium Body, USB Interface
        memories, previewing as it happens, showing to people as you go
        Sharpness and advanced capabilities
        Flexibility, Usability, Technology, Price, Quality
        great camera awesome resolution, zoom.
        economy of digital with images = to film
        easy to use,best value
        Similar featuresd as 35 MM counterparts, great automatic mode-Quality, simple to use!!
        its a good camera
        Best image for under $1000
        Sharp Detailed Photos
        stuff
        3.34 Megapixels, Swiveling Zoom Lens, Great Feature Set
        design
        Excellent color, has histogram
         
        See list of 10
        Many features, flexible use, good pictures
        fabulous picture quality, very quick operation
        Very sharp! Excellent zooming, good view panel, easy to use
        fast in taking pictures,fast in reviewing pictures,fast in changing camera settings
        Swivel body, great picture quality, features for the money.
        This camera produces some of the best prints Ive seen, great features and solid workmanship
        Excellent high resolution photos with 35mm camera functions
        Stunning image quality, manual modes for custom shots, USB transfer, external flash capability
        Big Pictures, high res.
        Unsurpassed macro ability, 4X zoom, 6X review, ergonomics
        Nikon quality, great photos, 4X zoom, good battery life, lots of functions
        Easy to use for the beginner, Functionality for the Pro, and the best exposure system.
        Great picture quality, flexable resolution/compression rate, features galore
        Awesome closeups, amazing detail, automatic settings take wonderful shots
        Great picture quality.  Full of features, yet easy to point and shoot in auto mode.
        Worthy replacement to the 950 and 990.
        Sharp pictures, easy to read display, easy to operate
        Superb color, outstanding Macro, easy to use auto features
        Extremely capable camera with ease of use for the average user and the experienced professional.
        Crisp shots, good zoom capabilites
        Takes Beautiful Pictures
        More megapixels, more zoom, better features, great lens.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        manual mode is very powerful
        Mostly good and sharp pictures
        4x lense, great color capture, many options, design, adequate speed
        Takes great pictures, very clear, pretty good zoom
        Multiple features, Large size for big hands, GREAT image quality
        Lots of nice features, high quality design.
        Very nice Camera
        Good image quality
        Excellent build quality, durable, great resolution and clarity, Nikon lenses are among the best
        New 4X Zoom lens, new &amp;#147;in-camera&amp;#148; image manipulation options &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        It's a Nikon, great colors most of the time. Solid
        Excellent quality, works right out of the box.
        Super lens and quality
        Great for those who need something at or near the top of the line.
        Great lens, improved zoom, better resolution options, included lithium-ion battery.
        Uses SLR lenses, fantastic resolution, familiar controls, no shutter delay!
        Feature rich, lens interchangeability, 6 megapixel resolution &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Instantaneous response
        6  megapixels,great battery life,light weight
        Negligible lag time when powering up the camera, long battery life.
        Nikon quality, all Nikon lenses will work. , Image quality very good. 
        Pictures, Product construction, Battery life
        Image quality.  Ability to use Nikon lenses.  Options.
        Beautiful images, fast, natural picture taking. Bright viewfinder. Awesome battery life.
        Super!!
        It's got all the functions needed for a basic professional camera. 
        Easy to use, Great Photos, Long Battery life, functionality
        Good pictures, rugged construction, Nikon lenses.
        great images, decent price, will use Nikon glass
        great feel, quick response, DON'T need nikon capture to open RAW files
        Just a great camera to use with all the versatility that you could want.
        Six Megapixel Professional Digital SLR
        Fast, reliable, the best SLR Digital Camera made.
        Excellent quality, fun to use, powerful
        Extremely capable camera, high image quality, accurate colors, fast.
        Takes sharp, crisp digital photographs unmatched by any other digital camera
        The BEST
        The jewel of Nikon's famed interchangeability
        Full professional digital SLR
        Excellent quality pictures
        Outstanding images, F-series quality
        many features, good finished product
        Excellent camera system, acts like a film camera
        easy to use, saves time and money
        High Quality-Professional Features
        Professional Quality Digital
        The best of all digital cameras.
        It does everything you would need from a professional grade film body.
        inexpensive, excellent print quality
        paper tray
        Cheap, toner is cheap, small compact size
        When the printer prints - it's great.
        chip
        laser quality prints, low supply cost per page
        print quality
        Inexpensive.
        Zoom, Zoom Zoom!!!! Did I forget to mention the ZOOM!!!
        Many features
        Awesome Zoom, Great Clarity, Great User Settings
        Long zoom, manual settings, size, versatility
        Easy to use
        Incredible zoom, nice sharp photos, relatively easy to operate
        Zoom, clarity, special functions
        Price, 10X zoom, manual settings, great battery life, compact size, 
        zoom, features, picture quality
        Great zoom, with wonderful resolution and sharpness.Compact size.
        Picture quality, small, light.
        Ease of general use; compact size; good quality pictures for the price
        inexpensive, good quality fotos, olympus name
        Easy to use, great photo quality, easy to transfer
        Easy To Use, Inexpensive
        cheap, decent pictures
        good price, good pics, small
        Pocketable, serious, rugged, inexpensive, good images
        great picture quality, easy to use, inexpensive, many functions
        Great optics, wonderful images, small, nice design, built well, enough features to be flexible. 
        When I purchased the camera it worked fine!
        Small, inexpensive, easy to use.
        Low price, Very high quality pictures, Easy to use
        GREAT quality pics for a 1.3 megapixel camera
        small size, ease of use, reliable
        Easy to use, High photo quality
        Compact size, excellent picture quality, great value
        A Starter Camera with a Great Finish! 
        Compact, light, simple, 3x optical zoom, USB cable
        Easy to carry, Optical Zoom, Macro, USB connection
        Good picture quality, long battery life, very easy to use.
        Simple design, easy to learn, simple to use, easy-read manuals and in depth CD information.
        Impressive list of features, Price, Simplicity
        Small, inexpensive, loaded with features, easy to use, good quality photos.
        Pocketable.  Stylish.  AA Batteries
        small, fits in your pocket, image quality, easy to use
        Optical zoom, macro, hard lens cover, excellent price, long battery life and high quality pics
        Fast, Pretty, Functional design.
        Versatility, features, picture quality, vibrant color
        quality, versatility.
        3x optical zoom, excellent image quality, fast recycle time
        many features, great quality
        Amazing quality of pictures
        Lots of good features and runs of cheap, simple AA batteries.
        excellent image quality, easy to use, optical and digital zoom, remote control
        fully manual, offers full creative control for photographers, compact, quality
        High quality images, optical zoom
        Film-quality images, fast recovery time between shots
        Image Quality, compact design, speed, features
        Picture quality, portability
        great resolution, zoom lense, red eye light, sleek design, rechargable batteries w/ charger, overall, a great package!
        High Resolution
        Compact, easy to use, flexible
        The best digital camera ever
        ease of use, LCD display, lens modes, extras
        Easy to use, Great quality of hardware and software
        Image quality
        Perfect for an amateur
        Excellent pictures, small package
        Image quality, light weight, functionality
        Great resolution, compact size, wonderful internal flash
        Excellent Quality photos, and relatively easy to use.
        This is a great camera that takes quality pictures and many options to choose from
        great images, SLR-type features
        high resolution, compact, portable, easy to use
        great learning manual, good price, excellent photos, great zoom
        Excellent image, 35mm competitor, excellent overall features
        Long battery life.
        Very good pictures, 3x optical zoom
        Lots of features. Easy to use. Small, but powerful. 
        Has almost every feature you could dream of.
        lots of great features, nice image quality, long battery life
        Easy to use Excellent photos Many features
        great potential pics
        small, yet takes great pictures
        Nice screen, good quality images, decent battery life
        Good quality photos, price
        lots
        This camera is easy to use. Batteries last a long time
        Excellent photo quality, easy to use, long battery life
        When it is working, it is spectacular.
        Ease of handling and high resolution
        Compact, high quality, complete control AND video!
        Great Camera
        excellent resolution, easy to use, compact retro design
        Great software, powerful functions.
        Excellent image quality, packed with features
        amazing camera
        There are many pros about this camera. This camera takes quality pictures and would be great for any family
        Great photos, ease of use, sharp lens
        excellent image quality, good features, falling price
        Easy to use, beautiful pictures.
        a lot , i imagine
        compact, light-weight, and easy to use
        Great quality, easy to use
        Fabulous picture quality, compact
        user friendly, fun, easy to use, good manual, light
        Size, Functionality, Wow-Factor
        Great image quality,  small lightweight design,  
        Wonderful and economic choice
        Good picture view, outstanding picture quality, so convenient and versatile.
        Great pictures, portable
        Capable of taking truly great photos
        Price level, full manual control, very powerful flash
        Easy and great pictures almost every shot
        viewing screen, zoom, black-and-white photos
        Small profile &amp;amp; long lasting battery power
        Great images, easy to use, full featured.
        form factor, SmartMedia, photo quality, QuickTime movies
        Simple to start using, easy download, advanced photo techniques, long battery life if LCD isn't used
        Great quality - lots of useful options
        Design, compatibility with auxiliary strobes, ease of use and image quality.
        Excellent image quality, great versatility, wireless remote, movie mode, full control camera
        Overall image quality
        Great zoom lens
        high picture quality. nice color. manual control
        No film cost
        easy to use, high quality images
        Long battery life, good quality images
        Great picture quality, long battery life
        Great picture, easy to download pics, and great software
        Quality photos, photographic features
        Easy to use, durable, good resolution, memories for a lifetime
        compact design and advanced features
        Light, small, easy. Good quality photos
        Picture Quality, Features, battery life
        Feature-rich, solidly built, great picture quality.
        Good image quality; battery life 
        Great Camera with features for the Beginner and Professional!
        Good image quality, easy to use, inexpensive
        Everything you could want and you save a fortune.
        Overall near-perfection!  Excellent quality, good price, easy-to-use, remote-control!
        Image Quality, USB, Versatility, Battery Life
        Optical zoom lens allowing for better low light photography, great picture quality, ease of use
        Excellent camera that has lots of controls and takes very good pictures
        Excellent picture quality, Good battery life, Plenty of manual options 
        Very easy to use, great quality photos
        Great picture quality; very versatile for the money
        Sharp, rich pics; tons of great features; high build quality
        Excellent image quality and great low light performance
        Great Manual features, clear pictures, good battery life
        Lightweight, compact digital camera, very easy to use.  
        Quality lens, metering, flash options, size, weight, configuration options, USB
        Great digital pictures. Easy to upload to PC
        Photo quality, ease of use, USB &amp; lens cap leash
        High quality pictures, easy to use
        Photo quality, many features, manual control, AA batteries
        excellent picture quality; 10x optical zoom; SLR style view finder.
        Ease of use &amp; great pics with a 10x optical zoom.
        IS ZzooomM, Overall Pic Quality, Focus assist, Processing/refresh speed, Remote, Price dropping daily.
        Feature Rich, Great Looking Hardware, Zoom, Picture quality
        Long zoom lens, Great features, great photos, Sturdy and well built
        Excellent camera! Loved it since the moment of first use!
        Awesome 10x zoom, image stabilizer, 2.1Mega Pixels, good flash, quicktime movies.
        A perfect product , the 10X optical Zoon ,in total is high quality product.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        10X optical zoom, image stabilization, great shots, complete package
        10x zoom, image stabilizer, accurate colors, sharp lens
        Relatively compact compared to an SLR with similar zoom features
        10x Optical Zoom, Image Stabilization, Great Controls
        Excellent quality photos; outstanding zoom lens; understandable controls and operation.
        Easy use, long zoom lens, great quality pictures
        10X zoom , feature-laden
        10x Zoom lens, Many features
        Image stabiliser, 10X zoom, easy to hold, great colour, light weight
        Image stabilization.  10x zoom eliminates penalty of 2.1 megapixels.
        Great features, good price.  10X zoom - more than any camera even after three years.
        10x stabilized zoom lens, electronic viewfinder, excellent pictures
        Excellent zoom and picture quality
        It's an Olympus.
        The Zoom!!! The features galore. 
        Flexible, comfortable, quick, capable.
        Excellent Digital Camera, Lot's of options, manual full of information.
        Easy to use; lots of bells/whistles
        Great pictures, pretty good storage media.
        Zoom, Zoom, Zoom
        ZOOM!, extensive manual controls
        Excellent stabilized zoom, easy to use, creative energies can be used due to the ability to set shutter speed and aperture settings manually, camera is good for twilight and night shots,etc.
        In one word: ZOOM: this has one of the best zooms I've seen at 10x optical
        Great zoom and quick response time! Night setting fun!
        10x stabilized zoom, illuminated autofocus, excellent optics
        ZOOM a great 10x zoom with optical stabilizer ease of use and great photos
        ZOOOOOOOMM!!!, Lots of manual options.
        Extremely good photo quality. Full automatic to full manual controls.
        Get picture immeadiately, pictured are small wallet size, computer pictures are nice quality.
        good zoom features, on the fly editing in-camera, Polaroid printing feature
        good zoom features, on the fly editing in-camera, Polaroid printing feature
        Great camera!  Has many features, and a great software program.
        Good quality digital photos.  Built-in printer.
        Good pics,easy to use
        great deal for money
        Great Digital pictures with the convenience of instant pictures.
        Amazing features, photos, and convenience.
        Great Picture Quality and Easy to use
        Excellent photo quality , very good printing quality , Low Price.
        Very good Picture Quality &amp; Fun to Use!
        Instantly prints pictures on Polaroid film.
        Digital camera coupled with polaroid prints
        Another excellent Olympus digital camera, print feature a neat novelty.
        Nice Olympus camera with good zoom capability and it can print too!
        Prints at the push of a button!
        Ease of use, ability to print on the spot, Olympus digital "greatness" behind this camera
        Easier than it looks, Good quality, Instant prints, Fun !
        Impressive features that are much needed for the advanced amateur.
        It's Olympus! SLR, reading CompactFlash &amp; SmartMedia.
        Great pictures, full SLR controls on shutter, exposure, aperture, rechargeable batteries and charger, 3x zoom, 32MB SmartMedia card included. Fast autofocus. Durable design.
        Image quality, dual memory cards, pro features
        True SLR, exceptional features,two types of storage media
        High resolution shots, multiple shooting modes, large review screen
        Low light focusing, SLR
        ease of use, quality of photos
        Fast operation, good image quality, solid feeling design
        Resolution, zoom lens, memory cards
        Great Image Quality
        Great Quality and Fair Price
        Some nice features, good image quality
        35mm Quality, 3x Optical Zoom, True SLR, Plenty of Storage, Auto-Everything
        Everything
        Stunning quality, always ready to shoot, many adjustments, infrared focus
        Sharp, forgiving (exposure.), easy to operate
        everything but cost!
        digital SLR, good image quality, remote control
        Lots of great features, Good photo quality
        Manual features, great photos, everything
        Many features, excellent quality, great Macro.. SLR!
        Excellent picture quality, great control, great price!
        Clear, printable pictures. More options than you can use.
        Wide array of features and settings, outstanding image quality
        3.3 megapixel, great image quality, accurate colors, auto exposure bracketing, remote control 
        Great Quality photos, Solid feel. large # of features, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Memory Card, USB+.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Very user friendly, even for novice; excellent color and contrast, even in natural light
        Dead simple to use, beautifully built, infallible autofocus and exposure
        Great Quality Pictures, Mini Movie Feature
        Picture quality is excellent; remote is a must
        easy to use, excellent picture quality, low priced 3.34 megapixel camera
        Great pictures, easy to use, great resolution.
        Very nice pictures with faithful colors.  Great features too.
        Good price, nice quality, easy to use, trusted brand.
        Easily to use as compared to other Digital Cameras
        Reasonable price, lots of manual options, Olympus quality.
        Takes excellent quality pictures, only 3.34 megapixel camera on market under $500
        Great looking pictures. 
        Great Value for the $$$.  Excellent entry-level 3MP digital camera
        Great optics, affordable, full featured, easy to use
        Great looking photos, very happy with larger prints, like 8x10, 5x7
        Beautiful picture quality, great on batteries and an EXCELLENT cam for the price!
        EVERYTHING
        Excellent results from a bargain basement priced camera.
        Very efficient camera I use it even for my commercial printing needs
        Full featured, controls logically laid out, excellent image quality.
        picture quality is OK
        Great battery life, ease of use, Picture Quality
        bought factory re-furbished, excellent quality pictures
        Sturdy, Remote Control, Large LCD Display, Digital Zoom, 3.34 Mega Pixel
        Picture Quality, Battery Life, Ease of Use
        Clear, good quality pictures
        Excellent resolution, Lots of great functions, Easy to use, Takes 30 second movie clips
        great shot quality, easy to use, many photo options
        great results, like a real SLR, USB interface, fast response time
        Outstanding image quality, features, USB connectivity
        Excellent large prints
        Incredible photo-quality pictures. Easy to use! USB port compatible and fast.
        Superb picture quality. Good auto mode and loads of manual options. Price.
        Good camera body&amp;outlook, photos with good details, sharpness and colour, pleasing lens coatings, AA-powered
        Excellent Photos!
        Image quality, versatility, compactness. The best today.
        Versatile, good improvements to quicktime movies
        quality image, compact size
        very good picture, enough res to print 8x10
        Complete control over settings.
        great photo quality, fast download via USB
        picture quality, ease of operation, instant gratification
        light,portable,quality prints,easy to operate
        quicktime video plus audio, 3.3 MP, top quality fit &amp; finish
        Takes beautiful detailed pictures and movies! 
        Great picture quality, easy to use, great camera
        Outstanding Pictures, easy to use.
        Best 3.3 Megapixel digital camera on the market
        Great price for the features you get and very nice quality photos, had USB compatibility
        Photo quality, features
        Olympus Quality, Small frame.
        Same quality, less expensive than 3030
        MANY FEATURES/HIGH RESOLUTION/MOVIE CAPABILITY 
        Great shots, tons of options
        Easy to use, quality pictures, has remote control, USB connection is fast. 
        Quality, size, weight
        large storage compasity
        Great Pictures-Easy to use
        Hundreds of dollars cheaper than comparable digital cameras, 3.34 MP resolution, lots of manual options
        Easy to use. Downloading to computer a snap. Excellent value. Photographic quality shots.
        Good size, zoom, remote, timer, comfortable neck strap
        Excellent photos! Plus an easy to use camera!
        Outstanding white balance, contrast adjustment, and noise reduction options, reasonable cost, and excellent images&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Easy to use, "drag and drop" pics to PC
        Excellent resolution, ease of use, and 
        Nice photos. Good mix of features. 
        Great quality photos, easy to use
        Simple for the novice, comfortable, sharp pictures, quick and durable!
        Wonderful picture quality.
        Great photo quality, feature - full, upgradeable, ergonomic, intuitive, night, movie, and macro modes
        Easy to use, takes great pictures, lots of options.
        Great image quality &amp; ease of use.  Compact with many features.
        Cost, Quality Pictures, Ease of Use
        Great Camera and Lens designed by famed Olympus Camera Designer Maitani
        Picture quality
        Almost all the features of a SLR in a fairly small package
        Allows a variety of manual controls
        Good image quality, easy point and shoot mode, multiple options.
        Beautiful photos all the time
        Beautiful pictures.  Good resolution.  
        great, crisp photos.
        Features, Picture Quality, Olympus reputation
        Fits hand nicely, takes excellent pix.
        Good Zoom, easy to handle, tons of options.
        good pictures. easy to use
        Sharp lens, reliable, manual modes, feature rich.
        Good price / quality ratio, Sturdy design
        Nice Feel, Very easy to use.
        Amazing picture quality, easy to use
        Great Quality shots--flash works well in low light
        sound, movie, 3.34 megapixels, manual over ride, small, lightweight and easy to handle.
        Great Pictures
        Tremendous performance, very accurate, high quality results
        Picture quality
        sound, movie, 3.34 megapixels, manual over ride, small, lightweight and easy to handle.
        quality of images, range of options
        High quality glass lens system, aluminum body, many image compression options
        Great image quality, 3.34 Megapixels, good color accuracy.
        Good resolution, and features
        Flexibility, light weight, sturdy.
        Compact, Quality, Ease of Use
        Lightweight, High Resolution &amp;amp; Short Movies
        no
        optical zoom
        Multi mode operation
        captures great images
        Great Picture Quality.  Responsive, easy to use, intuitive controls.
        High resolution, compact, versatile, many features
        FABULOUS COLOR
        Great quality, resolution, movie, sound
        great pictures, feature rich
        Olympus C700 destroys the digital camera competition.
        EXCELLENT RESULTS, easy to use, 
        Fast f1.8 lens, Excellent picture quality, 32 mb internal memory buffer, good battery life&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Excellent low light lens, picture quality, auto exposure settings
        Good picture quality, fast lens.
        Excellent Pictures, tons of features, good zoom, light weight, good all around camera.
        good picture quality, color balance, ergonomic size, bright lens
        Ease of use but has lots of customization options; included remote, and all cables
        Great outdoor photos, lens pulls in tons of light, good functionality
        Quality, options
        Excellent picture quality
        sturdy body, pc connectivity, a lot of features, great tft screen, lens, power management, etc
        This camera contours nicely to your hand and can take high quality pictures.
        Fabulous Photos, great range of user controls, fast lens 
        Excellent Pictures! Quick turn around, burst mode.
        Excellent photos, connectivity, size and functions
        Great image quality. Fast lense. Classy look. Burst mode.
        Great photos&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Don't have to worry about film&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Takes pictures right out of the box
        Crisp clean photographs. Great color. Great features
        A very well designed camera.
        lower light (1.8f), excellent pictures
        Quality
        fast lens, good (AAs) battery life, very flexible functionality, quick turnround, mjpeg movies, good display
        1.8f lens, AA batteries, excellent quality images
        Tremendous features, large monitor, excellent quality photos
        Excellent image quality and easy to use buttons
        Lots of manual options, incredible feature set, superb four megapixel digital images, 
        Fantastic optics for color and clarity; Manual and automatic controls for pros and debutants
        Fast, Many settings and options, picture quality and clarity.
        Photo quality, features, style
        Loads of features; easy enough for point-and-shoot use; customizable My Modes and shortcuts; bright LCD.
        Easy to change options, clarity of preview, great zoom quality
        Has a lot of features for the beginner and more advanced photographer.  
        value, 4mp, good resolution
        Manual and Automatic.  Very little lag.  4 megapixel.
        Excellent pictures, great price.  Best value for the money.
        4MP, Large LCD, Digital Zoom, Flash Options, Movie Options
        To many to list (see review)
        Clarity, color and detail of pictures is terrific.
        Ease of use and features built in
        You'll love the features!
        Affordable for a really nice camera
        Sharp pictures, flexible, easy photo downloading, reasonably priced.
        Photo Quality. Ease Of Menus. Features!
        Terrific versatile camera. Dream camera for amateurs.
        it is very easy to use simple instructions
        A Digital Camera That Will Do All Your Work.
        Lots of features.  A good value for money in 4-Mega-pixel group.
        Good quality of pictures and easy to use.
        Extravagant range of possible settings, yet can be used as a point-and-shoot
        Excellent Optics, Resolution, Ease of Use, Small Size, and Olympus Quality
        Excellent Quality. Even great for a Pro!
        Wonderful resolution-I produced a 52-page yearbook using all digital photos and they were great.
        great pictures-long battery life-good software
        Professional quality photos &amp; many, features in a compact camera.
        Great sharp Images,price,great zoom ratio,nice control layout,nice size LCD.
        fairly small in size
        Great quality, good price, nice software, AA batteries 
        Great picture quality and light weight.
        Great features
        4MP for a good price.  Good Quality images.  
        Crisp pics, movie capability, delete what you don't want.
        Amazing picture quality, loads of features, ability to add lenses
        Great picture quality. Easy to use, just point and shoot.
        OUTSTANDING PICTURES;EASY TO USE
        Excellent Photos!
        Very fast / high quality lens, good picture quality, accepts standard AA batteries
        Great pictures with great exposure.
        great picture quality, price, advanced features
        Lot of features.  Great indoor/outdoor quality.
        Fast image processor
        I like this digital camera a lot. Easy to use.  
        Very good quality photos, easy to use.
        many features, great pics, design, resolution choices, great macro and MORE
        Lightweight, long zoom AND macro!, manual and automatic settings, GREAT flash, much more!
        Excellent quality, lots of features, mini movie with sound
        great for photography buff as well as point and shoot person
        Excellent picture quality, fast zoom lens, remote control.
        Great camera for just about anyone.
        Takes outstanding pictures.  Has more features than I expected. Very easy to use.
        Newer low price. Good Resolution. Good close up pics.
        Easy to use; creates crisp, colorful, large photos.
        Very compact design, 5 Mega Pixels, Not much else
        Compact, Solid, Great photo Quality, Ease of use
        Small camera, lightweight,excellent pictures.
        Rugged Body, Compact, Hi-Res, Manual options, great images w/practice, battery life
        Compact,high resolution,razor sharp and bright LCD
        picture quality, compactness, easy to use
        Small size, xD card is very fast, sharp photos, ease of use
        nice design, light weight, fun to use, affordable &amp; super small
        5-megapixel resolution; f2.8 3X optical zoom lens; Long-lasting rechargeable battery
        small, 5 pixels
        compact size, good picture quality
        Compact
        Ultra compact, five megapixels, manual exposure options, 
        Compact and easy to transfer pictures to the computer
        Small, five megapixels, lithium ion battery/charger
        small, good battery life, good resolution
        Picture quality, XD Memory Card Technology, size, weight, battery life
        All metal body, compact size, easy to use - and 5 megapixel quality
        Ease of use, very good ergonomics, great picture quality
        lots of practical features; gorgeous image; raw/tiff format; great ergonomics &amp; a real beauty
        5 megapixels, pro features, triple memory card format compatibility, fast 3X zoom, 
        nice little body-easy to use-quick shooting and saving
        5MP, F/1.8 lens, hot shoe, Compact Flash, AA batteries, great value.
        Compact size, Black in color, AA batteries, Comes with slow charger and extra batteries (1700mAh)
        Does Everything a normal High Quality Camera can do..
        Incredible pictures, great size, awesome features
        Good Quality images, good manual features, affordable
        Small size, magnesium body, professional settings, and an all-glass lens.
        Best camera in all of their features.
        Great flexibility, solid metal body, very fast lens.
        For an Experienced Shooter takes great pictures.
        Feature rich, picture quality, storage media flexibility
        Flexibilities, compactness, night photo, macro, super macro mode, many settings, my mode, historgram, accessories., 
        Superb image quality, bevy of features,ability to use multiple card formats
        Get overall camera
        Full Manual or Point&amp;Shoot, My mode, Stunning photographs, High quality, Great lens, Underwater Capability, 
        Great, sharp pictures. Good Macro. Ability to manually control settings.
        5MP, F/1.8 lens, controllable flash, AA batts, 3 type of memory cards, 64 ISO.
        build to last, this is a picture taking machine, that is hassle free
        High resolution, take 3 different media cards &amp; has a nice list of shooting modes.
        Excellent picture quality, Lots of advanced features.
        Great picture quality, good options, good battery choices, good media options.
        5.2 Mega Pixel
        awesome picture quality, endless movie capability, customized settings, pretty easy to figure out.
        Ease of Use Quality 
        Sharp, vivid and accurate photos. A full featured camera that can do it all.
        Fast 1.8 lens, , Complete control, , 3X optical zoom, , Excellent ergonomics
        picture quality (if you read my review)
        good pic quality, great flash, VERY good software/menus in the camera.
        Great images, excellent build quality, fast cycle time, great flexibility, multiple storage media choices.
        You can use regular AA batteries to power it.
        Very flexible, solid, and takes great shots.
        Able to adjust washout.  Great for familys with fair skinned children 
        Great camera to learn more about photography.
        Smallest 10x optical zoom, USB link, outstanding quality
        Great image quality, great zoom, great battery life, and great connectivity.
        Great image quality, great zoom, great battery life, and great connectivity!
        Great image quality, great zoom, great battery life, and great connectivity!
        way ahead of the competition - this is practically a Digital SLR!
        Excellent construction, loaded with features and great picture quality!
        Marvelous 10x zooms lens in a tiny chassis that is easy to hold.
        many features, can find it for reasonable price, great pix
        10X zoom, incredible flexibility, movie mode
        10X Zoom, ability to control some manual functions, image quality
        Optical zoom, versatility, battery life, size and photo quality
        10x Zoom, One touch White Balance, Size.
        Wonderful color, small size, lots of control.
        Big zoom, small, well made, electronic viewfinder and good pics
        QuickTime Movie, Great picture quality
        Clarity of photos, ease of use
        Total zoom, simple interface
        10x zoom, lots of user controls, easy on batteries
        10x zoom, good high-light pictures, uses AA batteries, 
        Idiot-proof, plug-n-play software, Quick Time video with sound, light-weight and compact
        Quality, ease of use, zoom
        10x zoom, Small size, Full manual mode, Driver-less connection
        10X optical Zoom Compact Full Featured, Easy to use Good Flash. Great Buy.
        Good features for the money.
        quality photos, quality lens, flash adjustment, nice manual
        Zoom, ease of use, zoom, digital eyepiece, did I mention zoom?
        Best optical zoom for the price. Quality camera/lens. Easy to use on auto mode. 
        zoom lens
        8X zoom, compact size, excellent 3 megapixel images, , 
        exceptionally fast shutter speed, powerful, clear 8X optical zoom &amp; long life lithium battery
        1)Easy to use 2)Programing Features 3) MOTOR DRIVE!!
        Great zoom, great price, great concept.  The Quicktime movies are a plus
        The resolution and the colors are beautiful.  Can be used for enlargements.
        Big zoom. Great features. Very easy to use. Nice shots with good colors.
        Nice zoom function, good battery life
        clear pictures, ease of viewing, great for a first time digital camera owner
        Great optical zoom
        Excellent for   prints up to 11x17 or larger
        Great pictures , lots of options, 10x optical zoom!
        Great Zoom.  Excellent Optical quality.
        Monster 10X zoom, compact size, great battery life , , 
        Great picture quality, fantastic zoom and small size
        Value, preset modes, probable battery life, 10x optical zoom, printed results
        Good menu selection and features
        Very good zoom lens, good images in high contrast situations
        10x Optical Zoom, Easy to use
        Easy to shoot with and great pictures; Conveniently priced and tons of features
        Almost acceptable as a Pro-Am camera
        A ton of features for a light price.
        10x optical zoom. Color and Quality!. FUN!
        hot flash shoe, 10x, pre-set modes, size, AA batteries. 
        Excellent photos, use it in the auto mode or make all your manual settings!
        10X zoom, 4 megapixels, great battery life , 
        10X zoom is great coupled with the 4Meg resolution.
        Ultra Zoom!
        Size, xD, 10X optical zoom, 4 megpix gives high quality pics, ease of use
        Great Zoom capability.  Rechargeable batteries with long life.  lightweight. great customer service. XD Picture Card
        10x Optical zoom, xd memory, a lot of "ad-ons" available
        Durable, reliable, has the basic features I want
        Rugged, good looking, nice LCD display, reasonable on batteries, smartcard media is handy
        Reasonable price, good features for the money
        Easy to use.  Takes decent pictures.
        Well balanced shooter; convenience, easy to use   
        Very easy to use, takes high quality pictures, can hold up to 64 megs.
        A Great 1.2Mb Digital Camera
        Great camera, excellent picture quality, and a zoom lense for close ups!
        very affordable, high quality imaging
        Inexpensive, compact, light, easy to use, wonderfully crisp photos!  A best buy!
        Easy for beginners.
        This is a very versatile camera and takes very good pictures
        Great picture quality, easy to use.
        Pictures are easily viewed on tv via video in cable.  
        Cheap, easy to use, software included is good.  takes good 1.3 megapixel pictures. 
        Superb photo quality, strong flash, high magnification level
        view finder, download to a computer,
        Love the image-viewing options before uploading to computer.
        Cheap
        Great Quality Pictures
        light weight, easy to use, takes great pictures
        High-quality images, low price, excellent flash, bright LCD display, excellent image capacity
        Compact, easy to use, take great pictures.
        Clear pictures, easy to use
        cute, light weight, simple to use
        Great features at an entry level price
        good quality and inexpensive
        Good Camera, Good Price
        Great pictures, quick download to my PC (USB connector included) 
        low cost, easy to use
        Picture Quality
        excellent quality photos
        $275, Compact, Fun
        Excellent pictures, great battery life, ease of use
        price, auto focus, and other various features
        Easy, great price, great features
        Generally easy to use; great pictures
        Easy to use, great photos, almost error proof!
        Most widely recommended model by far
        Cheap, Excellent Picture Quality
        Takes superb pictures! Easy to learn to use this product.
        It was not expensive and it is easy to use.
        This is probably the most bang for your buck when it comes to digital cameras.
        easy to use
        Easy to use and takes nice pictures
        excell. pictures, great night shots, low recycle time
        price, quality, ease of use
        User Friendly in every way
        Inexpensive and easy to use!
        Easy to use, great pictures
        lot of features for the money
        Great quality, awesome battery life, Bright LCD, Olympus name
        Great quality, easy to use!
        Affordable, lightweight, and reputable company
        Quality images, easy to use, inexpensive
        excellent clarity 
        Inexpensive, high quality, features
        lightweight but sturdy, quick and easy to use
        price, prints, features
        Great photos, good price for quality of pictures, good features
        quick to get ready, great image sharpness
        cheap, high quality pictures
        good picture quality, simple to use,  good owners manual
        great pictures, sleek looking, lots of features, inexpensive
        Battery miser, good outdoor quality, nice viewfinder
        Easy to lear, good resolution, inexpensive
        Ease of Use, and Great Shots
        Great picture quality, great price
        Cheap camera with LCD
        Inexpensive, sturdy, takes good pix
        Excellent picture quality. 8MB card included (up to 122 photos); unbelievable price
        Picture quality, ease of use, feel of camera
        digital photos, lcd screen, compact size
        Nice pictures, affordable price
        1.3 megapix for $300, viewing window
        Compact, bright crisp color photo, monitor playback
        great price, easy to use, great pictures
        Super Bargain, Good pic quality
        picture quality, compact, quality
        High quality, easy transfers
        Easy to use, great clarity
        Many features for a lower price
        best pic quality in this class--no doubt!
        Lightweight, great photos, ease of use
        good quality, see pictures in an instant
        easy to use, affordable, good quality digital pictures
        Attached/sliding lens cover, tons of features
        quick, easy, small
        Easy compact and never need another roll of film
        RCA Jack
        low cost, good results, dependable
        Great Pictures, easy to use
        Price &amp;amp; ease of use
        Easy to use
        Takes very sharp pictures
        takes great close-ups
        affordable and great for the beginner
        clarity, ease of use, lcd, flash
        Great price, high quality
        Highly recommended
        Price and Quality
        easy to use/affordable
        Lots Of Features, Easy To Use, Great Price
        Ease of use, gootd picture quality
        Fantastic image quality
        Price, lightweight, quality pictures. ease of use
        easy to use
        Photo Quality, Ease Of Use
        Relatively cheap, easy to use, viewfinder+lcd screen
        Excellent quality, Cool viewing moniter
        Cheap, butt-simple, fine for most Web applications, good bundled software
        inexpensive camera, good for first time digital camera owners
        Easy to use, inexpensive, good pictures
        Many manual settings, came with a set of rechargeable batteries, great pictures
        Price, Ease of Use, Size, LCD Screen
        A great, easy to use digital camera. The manual leaves nothing to chance.
        Point and shoot, some nice quality 1.3 megapixels
        Superb image quality, no mangenta/blue/red in your pics!Hi sharpness, 8M card to get started.
        Good price for good quality
        Can be used for mac, &amp; pc.
        easy use and light weight,great picture quality
        Great cheap camera
        Great camera!  Easy to use and excellent photo quality!
        Great picture quality. Clear and Accurate. Easy to use.
        Relatively cheap, easy to use, good picture quality, Camedia software
        Price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Look
        Great price, wonderful pictures
        Cheap, good enough, QT movie capable, good flash, easy to use, good transfer speed
        Cheap thrills, small size
        easy to transfer to computer
        Nice for the price, good color balance, auto white balance satisfactory in most lighting situations.
        Easy to learn to use, pictures take enlargement well, adequate standard memory. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Price, general image quality, ease of use, looks great
        simple and extremely effective, great price!
        easy to use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Great picture quality, extra editing features, lens cover, small size
        Nice Price! Good photo Quality!
        Dandy little camera. Great pictures.
        incredible quality for low price, ease of use, expandable memory
        Excellent Colors, sharp pictures (look like film quality), easy to use.
        Very cheap for the features.  User friendly.  
        Excellent pictures, great software
        Easy user interface, great shot quality, flash options, USB interface, records video.
        Battery Life, Can save configuration (restore off) for quick shots.
        Simple to use. Great photo quality. Reliable.
        very good pictures
        Very good camera. Works excellent with a Mac. 
        Light weight; compact; high quality pictures;
        Inexpensive, durable, easy to use, quality resolution
        Macro Setting, Great Price, Olympus Technology, Super High Quality (SHQ), Easy to Use Software
        reasonable price; user friendly camera
        Excellent Photo Quality, Low Price, Quicktime Movie Mode, USB Support, Easy To Use
        takes great photos and very easy to hook up to computer
        Price, picture quality, ease of use, macro mode  
        2.0 Mega pixels,LCD screen,great quality photos when not zooming.
        Simple to use.
        great picture quality; read/write to smart media; easy; good lens cover.
        Great pictures! Great price! Easy to use!
        Price, ease of use, quality of photos
        Great Pictures, Fixed Focal Length, Long Battery Life, Easy to Use
        It gives you excellent photo quality!
        Outstanding picture quality, pocket size camera, rugged design
        small size,quality photos.
        Size, looks, image quality
        Compact, excellent picture quality
        Compact, stylish, easy to use, 4 megapixels, great optics and more...
        Portable, full manual controls, low light shots
        Carry-everywhere size, superior resolution, no loose lens cap
        4.0 Megapixel,Small Size, Lots Of Features
        small size yet retains features of the C-line of Olympus Cameras
        4 megapixel, small size, good quality construction, ease of use, battery.
        Pocket sized, 4.1 Mega pixel, smartmedia 128M gives LOTS of pictures
        Small, Light, Easy to Use, 4 Megapixel!
        Compact, Sharp Hi-Rez Pictures, lots of features
        small, 4 megapixels is great! lots of different features... great quality pictures. pretty durable. 
        Goes anywhere, provides publication-quality pictures; great warranty service
        Powerful yet simple to operate.  This is an excellent camera for more experienced photographers
        small, takes AA batteries in a pinch
        Great Media Camera,  no use in having a video camera with this one!!!
        High Quality Pics, Small, Automatic and Manual settings
        Great price, battery life, and picture quality!
        Easy to use, very clear pictures, and lots of features 
        Small, decent price, good pictures.
        Compact, point &amp; shoot easy, 3x optical zoom lens, USB, great photos.
        Ease of use, quality of photos
        Gorgeous Images, USB Ready, 2.1 Megapixels, Inexpensive, Easy to use...
        2.1 mega pixel, Auto flash with some extra flash features,TV out,USB,3X zoom
        Good picture quality and price
        Rated highly by many reviewers
        Fast picturetaking, good picture quality, good feature set for price
        Compact, nice zoom, sliding cover, and picture quality.
        Sharp images, flawless transfers to computer, good instructions, fair price
        Superb resolution quality images, good price, USB, panorama, up to ISO 400
        Great images, pocketable, fast and easy to use.
        Moderately priced, easy to use, portable format, great pictures
        Great Pics!, up 128MB storage, excellent optical zoom, MANY extra features.  Easy USB connection
        Small, 3X Optical/9X digital zoom, Quicktime Movie mode, USB, 2.1 Megapixel
        Great pics, 2.1 mp, inexpensive, nice optics, easy to use, lens protected
        optical zoom, nice size
        Convenient size, good lens protection, great picture quality, reasonable price.
        Picture, Features, Battery Life, Ease of Use, Construction
        Convenient, good quality pictures, works reliably
        Very nice Pictures
        Value and Quality
        simple, straightforward and excelent pictures
        Great Pictures.  Easy to use.  Great battery life with NiMH.
        Powerful camera, low cost, impressive picture results
        Very Durable, easy to use, great pictures
        Durable-Lightweight-Download Friendly-Easy Use Instruction Menu, 
        Quality of Photos, USB!!, ease of use, Battery life (very very good) &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Size, optical zoom, photo quality, price
        Point and shoot, battery life, decently sized viewing screen
        Great pictures, crisp LCD display, better zoom than most 2.1's at this price
        1) Good pictures, easy to use and pretty good feature set.
        Great pics, easy to use.
        Easy to Use
        Easy to use, great lighting in dark environment, price
        Easy to use, zoom, panorama
        Small in size, good optics, nice picture quality.
        Nice size and heft, panorama shots.
        Excellent optics, great features, fast USB connection.
        Good Picture Quality, Easy to use, Clear display, Good Menu format
        Good prints, convenient to travel with, reliable quality.
        price, 3x optical zoom, ASA-speed, panorama, vid clips
        Supports 128mb Media, lightweight, compact, attractive, records 15 second AVI files, and 3x optical zoom.
        Samll, Simple, Olympus quality
        Price, picture quality, size
        Good Pixs,Good Flash,Nice 3X lens, large memory w/64mb card
        Compact, Uses AA batteries, Good Picture Quality, Inexpensive
        picture quality, ease of use, clear LCD screen, compact, durable-even when wet.
        easy to use; X3 optical zoom; good quality for 2.0 mega pixel cam
        Durable, Great looking prints, relatively inexpensive, Good optics
        size, ease of use, optical zoom, quality of photos
        Cheap, small and easy to use. Delivers quality pix.
        Price, Good Quality pictures
        Nice Picture Quality, Easy to use software, Easy Operation
        Price, size, features, easy to use and takes great pictures !
        Reliable as a point and shoot camera in most conditions
        Takes good pictures
        Inexpensive, good pictures, light weight, inexpensive media, decent features
        Great buy for under $400, excellent pictures.
        Awesome for the nonprofessional everyday person
        Standard batteries, good picture quality
        Rugged, fast, easy to use, and excellent pictures.
        Ease of use, picture quality, decent software provided.
        Quality Point and shoot, Olympus lens, Tiff and panorama features
        Very good image quality in most cases, easy to learn and use, competitive price.
        Usually takes a decent picture without you having to think too much 
        Very light and compact and has the quick turn off flash button.
        Clear photos, Upgradeable memory
        Excellent Price, Perfect for Beginners
        Nice bright flash, easy to use, great color balance, 
        light, good on batteries, nice pictures
        Easiest camera in the world to use.
        Price, great 3 megapixel images, Pixel mapping feature
        A great point and shoot camera.  One memory card will get lots of pictures.
        Dual memory slots, adujstable screen, high performance optics, stunning detail.
        real SLR optics and feel, great picture quality, very film-like.
        4.0 MegaPixels, 4x Zoom, Capability for SmartMedia &amp; Compact Flash.
        substantial, aluminum construction, superb lens, full manual  strong flash, incredible image quality.
        Quality, quality, quality
        Wonderful Pictures: Fairly easy to use.
        Price, pro-level features, rugged construction
        Impressive detail of the image, natural color.
        Great Feel.  You actually forget you are using a digital camera&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Terrific pictures
        quality of build,solid,weighty,positive action of controls
        4 Megapixel, Super Zoom, Cheap, Great Feature Set
        A lot to like in every respect...state of the art.
        Solid build, excellent ergonomics, high pixel count, solid state CFII support, many available accessories, live image preview
        It's resolution!!! Wow:  2240 x 1680.n  Also the ability to copy images from one card to another while still in the camera.
        Lens, construction
        Fixed Lens, pretty fast, feels good, intuitive interface. 4.0 megapixel image...
        Image sharpness -  ergonomy - price for value
        4-megapixel matrix, looks solid, convenient modification of focal length, universality, much features
        Picture quality, ergonomics, construction, controls, two media formats
        Very solid camera. Seems to be quite trustworthy. Outstanding CCD and optics.
        Small design, easy to use, excellent resolution, great features!
        Stylish(cute), metal housing, weather proofed, great resolution
        Pocket-size, weatherproof, visually cool, crisp shots
        Great picture. Small and sleek.
        Compact, protected lens cover
        compact, VERY USER FRIENDLY, customer support
        The Camera for the beginners.
        small size, sleek design, battery life, intuitive user interface, USB interface.
        Compact, excellent photo quality, weather proof, user friendly  , 
        weather proof, perfect size, rechargeable battery
        Metal case, weatherproof, solid feel
        Sharp lens, battery life, rugged construction, responsive controls
        easy to use, fail-proof, sleek, light
        Excellent automatic operation. Macro mode works from 8 inches to infinity.
        Portable size and great picture quality!
        Excellent AF &amp; overall features REd eye reduction, compact, picture quality ease of use
        Good picture quality
        Weatherproof with excellent photo quality!
        Tremendous picture quality, ease of use
        Great size. Wonderful pictures
        Easy to use, small, nice metal case
        Small size, metal casing, weather proof
        Easy to use, good quality pics, viewscreen at the back.
        Easy to use, good quality pics, viewscreen at the back.
        High quality and easy to use.
        NOTHING!!!
        quality images, good design, simple
        photo quality &amp;amp; price
        exceptional battery life, resolution,special effects
        dependability, price, ease of use
        Easy to use -Great Pictures - 
        Affordable, easy to use
        Price, Ease of Use
        JPG file, up to 122 pics per 8 M byte card
        Small, inexpensive, very good resolution, excellent battery life
        Good Imagery, Ease of Use, Well-Made 
        Takes great photos
        price, lots of features
        easy to use, great output
        Great features for the price
        Easy to use with good results
        Very easy to use,  built in flash, auto focus.
        Price, Features, Resolution
        Easy to use 
        Takes great pictures &amp;amp; is easy to use
        Superb quality pictures. Lots of cool features. LCD screen
        Cheap, good image quality
        Does it all
        price, lcd screen, flash
        Price, features, long battery-life, high quality
        Performance for the price
        Sharp Image, Easy to Use, Low Price, Reputable Company
        Easy to use,reasonable price range,good picture quality,viewer on camera
        Great image quality, affordable, loads of features
        Very easy to use.  Takes clear and vivid pictures
        Just point and shoot
        Not too expensive, takes decent pictures.
        Easy to use; extra long life!
        Inexpensive, high capacity, easy-to-use, lots of features
        Excellent pictures battery life and features!
        Easy to use; works great; dependable mfg.
        easy to use, lcd preview/review screen, great pictures
        price, robust, quality, usability
        Quality,Price
        Great resolution, great features, cheap compared to other cameras.
        ease of use, versatility
        Being able to select the recording mode, different flash modes, self timer
        great quality, low cost
        Quality High Resolution shots, Inexpensive
        Ease of use, price,
        Price, technology, quality
        Super easy to use
        Well designed, Well priced, Excellent capabilities
        Light, sharp photos, easy to read manual.  Inexpensive.
        cheap, easy to operate, more pixel for the buck
        good price-great pictures
        Quality, Features, Price
        Easy to use, Reliable, Inexpensive
        Easy to use. Lens is protected. Good quality in the pictures. The phone technical help is good too.
        Price, photo quality, macro mode
        can do very basic digital photography
        Good Features &amp;amp; Price
        Very easy to use, very smooth lcd display
        Simple to use; LCD display; good picture quality
        High Resolution at a low cost, small, user-friendly
        price value style
        photo quality is very good
        Clean design, intuitive, quick to learn
        Easy to use, Great quality Pictures, affordable
        small, easy to use, versatile, features
        Low Price, Great Picture Quality, 8mb of ram included, output jack for tv display, works and looks like a normal 35mm camera
        Great options for the money
        Sharp images, high quality finish, good price
        convenience, ease of use, price, fun
        portability, looks, ease of use, built in flash, excellent pictures
        Good quality pictures, long battery life, easy to use
        excellent picture quality, great price
        User-friendly, Excellent Quality Photos
        Great LCD, low price, compact, rugged
        ease of use, quality for the price
        Easy to use
        Affordable
        High quality, easy to use, reliable
        price, performance
        price, resolution and ease of op.
        Good images, long lasting batteries, flash
        nice looking ,light
        Easy to use, great quality and great price
        great picture for the money
        Easy to use, good value, 
        Low cost, ease of use.
        great images, price
        Easy to use, sturdy
        beats scanning images with a scanner
        good resolution and features for the price
        LCD is sharp, great image quality
        Excellent picture quality, easy to use, relatively inexpensive.
        View screen, pocket-sized
        value,  removeable storage, LCD display, good software, 
        TV cable, big LCD, 
        Great Camera for the Price
        High resolution, low price
        1.3 megapixel resolution
        Great camera, very stable, crazy features.
        Great images, easy use, long battery life
        great image, ease to use
        A LOT
        Cost, resolution
        Decent camera, decent price
        The diskette , convenient, and many features.
        Great Quality of Photos
        intuitive interface
        takes nice qaulity photos, easy to use
        Prices and Picture Quality
        Compact, Reliable, Playback monitor, clear crisp pictures
        Quality, Ease Of Use, Price, Software, Battery Life
        takes great pictures
        Everything
        Great quality at an affordable price
        Remarkably High Quality for the Price
        Ease of use, resolution, color
        Great Camera
        Ease of use, feature set, software included
        Inexpensive, great picture quality, and durable.
        great price for the excellent quality, ease-of-use
        Beautiful Images, Ease of Use, Software
        High quality images, easy to use, point-and-shoot form factor
        Easy to use basic functions, large clear LCD preview, inexpensive memory modules
        Small and affordable
        Small, good value, point &amp;amp; shoot
        FLASH PATH
        Easy to use, instructions clear, great pictures.
        High-quality images, easy to use
        good image quality, construction
        Weight, Size
        Great pictures, easy to use
        great pictures, small size
        image quality. ease of use for basic photography
        ease of use, ease of transfer to PC
        High quality images, Size, ease of use
        Size, resolution
        Quality Photos; Ease of use; size of camera; 
        Easy to use, images are nice quality
        It is small and compact. It is easy to use.
        Great pictures, versatile, compact, floppy adapter
        Easy to use.  
        great photos. zoom. easy use.
        Great Quality &amp;amp; Awesome Price
        Easy to use
        al light conditions, small, good quality images, zoom, eliminates red eye, no more film
        great pictures, easy to use, good quality, great value
        Amazing Pictures, Quality, Versatility
        Excellent picture quality for $299. Multi-featured.
        Great Resolution, Good exposure, indoors and out. Exceptional Battery Life 
        Great pictures, TV Out, LCD, Smartmedia
        easy to use, good quality, good price
        Great LCD, 3x zoom, comact, lightweight, and durable
        low price, good picture quality, LCD display
        Excellent pictures, compact size, easy to use
        Easy to use and small
        ease of use, clear photographs
        Good Quality, Many Options
        Great Macro, Nice loaded features
        Easy to use, highly versatile, affordable.
        Ease of use, Durability, Quality
        Good quality photos, zoom, small, easy to use
        Takes great pictures; many great features
         Great featuers,Easy to use, Cheap Price
        Good Picture Quality / Easy to use / Small enough for your pocket
        Excellent photo quality, panoramic ability, decent on battery life.
        Solid,  easy to use in basic mode
        Availablility to view photo's at once
        Compact size, accurate optical viewfinder, integrated lens cover, bright LCD display, good flash for size/price, fast zoom, included FlashPath floppy disk adapter for SmartMedia cards
        Easy to use and good fotos
        quality of pictures, durability
        Great picture quality and ease of use.
        The photo quality adjustments are easy to make!
        Good picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;large LCD display
        great pictures and LCD panel
        Great low light shots
        Ease of use, value
        -lightweight/compact; very easy to use;excellent photo results
        Awesome LCD, speed demon, low barrel distortion
        Excellent regular AND zoom quality, great ease of use
        Ease of use, Quality, Falling Price, Zoom
        high-res, cheap, 6x zoom
        Extremely easy to use, great for beginners, more options for your photos!
        2x optical zoom, LCD Screen, easy to use.
        Clarity, simple to use, numerous features, great product
        Good pictures, set of features
        fun to see how pictures look before  you print
        Package, AA batteries, Small SmartMedia, LOW light!, Auto everything.
        features ,Quality,Price,look,easy use....
        Excellent image quality
        Light weight, Small, Quality JPG pictures
        Great Pictures, Easy to Download
        Great quality pictures, easy to use
        Small and portable
        Ease of use, overall price, GREAT PICTURES
        Great pictures, a lot of features, compact, good built in screen
        small, easy to use
        Beautiful! Affordable. Easy to use. Quality product. 
        Great pictures and features for the price
        Excellent camera for nearly all uses
        Excellent design, easy to use, great picture quality
        quality of photos, size , optical zoom,ease of use , price
        picture quality, low light capable, compact size, value
        Zoom, flash options, rapid shooting mode
        great camera for the money
        Very easy to use but lots of options for those who want to &amp;quot;fine tune&amp;quot; picture taking
        bright LCD, fast startup, TIFF format, burst mode
        Great picture quality for a good price
        No more hassling with taking in and paying for film
        Good image quality
        easy to use.. light weight.. many features
        great pictures, great resolution, good compression on high resolution pictures
        Excellent camera for a great price!!!
        Great image quality
        ease of use, great optics, 3x zoom
        picture
        easy to follow instructions and clear pictures
        Good quality images, TIFF format, Bright LCD screen
        great optical zoom, works well in low light conditions, very vivid colors
        Great pics, ease of use.
        Excellent image quality, excellent low light images
        Easy of use and quality
        excellent camera, great size, GREAT pictures!
        high quality pictures, looks, tons of features
        picture quality, features, size
        great pictures, optical zoom, lots of features
        looks, works, and feels like a standard point &amp;amp; shoot
        Zoom, 1.3 megapixel, Smartmedia
        Storage, printing quality
        Ease of use.  Instructions.  Price.
        high quality photos
        Great shots right out of the box
        Olympus optics, zoom lens, TV connector
        Takes awesome pictures; easy to use
        Attractive, Easy to use, Produces fine results, Full-Featured
        Quick, easy to use.
        feels like a 35mm
        In digital Cameras $500 is all you need!
        very clear picture, easy to use
        Price, zoom, ease of use, durability
        low price, good quality, easy to use, long battery life
        Great Image Quality; Excellent Features
        everything...it takes great photos and is lightweight, inexpensive and fairly easy to learn
        Good Image Quality/Excellent Value
        Easy to use, zoom, built-in lens cover, screen or viewfinder, quality modes
        Good picture quality, video out
        great zoom, professional features
        Quality and ease of use for anyone
        Great photos, fast shutter, lots of options, optical zoom is great.
        Good zoom. Good software. Instant viewing. Flash types. Protective cover. Self Timer. Connects to TV.
        easy to use, good picture quality, 8MB card, can take a beating
        Great quality, easy to use, good software, great price.
        Great Camera, Nearly everything included, nice pics
        Easy to use, set up, functional
        Ease of use, established brand
        good zoom, expandable memory is a plus, good resolution for an entry level camera 
        Easy to use, great first digital camera
        easy to operate, good pictures
        easy to use; good price; great pictures; good software; LCD viewfinder
        Easy to use, great pictures, lots of features for the price, good s/w.
        Inexpensive, Zoom capability, Ease of use, Double A batteries.
        Looks great, easy to use, many features
        The 460/490 were among the first point and shoot digicams to impress professional photographers.
        Small, point and shoot, and nice looking
        Nice Design; Many Features; Good Price
        easy to use, good quality photos
        Easy to use, good pictures, good even for hobbyists, 
        Pretty easy to use, overall good-quality pictures.
        Quality, lots of options
        Great picture quality, manual iso settings,does well in low light
        Easy to use.  Sharp display.  Excellent results.  Full of features.
        good picture quality, low price, ease of use
        Great camera for the price- I'm thrilled with it.
        Easy to use, Several flash modes, Lots of different settings.
        Great picture quality, easy to use.
        easy to use, light weight, durable, quality pictures
        great pictures (for 1.3 mp), easy to use, durable
        Compact and well-featured
        Looks like a camera!  Easy to use, excellent results!  Nice smooth zoom.
        1.3 megapixel, quality shots, easy to use, 3x zoom
        Small and easy to use
        No more film that I don't get developed. Instant knowledge if you got the pic
        Easy to use and takes good quality pictures
        Beautiful shots, picture perfect!
        Very compact and light
        Features, image quality, ease of use
        picture quality, size and appearance
        Automatic focus and exposure, solid design
        quality photo's and easy to take pictures.
        Compact, Very High Optical Quality
        Excellent  photos and features for the price
        Excellent price, quality of pics, and durable
        Great pics, user-friendly
        Great picture quality, compact, easy to use software included!
        Small, Cheap, Fun
        ease of use, quality, price
        Easy to use
        Relatively inexpensive, excellent pictures, lightweight, nice size
        Good Quality Pictures, Nice Zoom
        Portability: can easily slip it in a pocket
        Compact, plenty of functions, and it doesn't break the bank.
        High quality pictures, very economical, many features and great user manual.
        Great Pictures / Great Price / Easy to use.
        Easy to use, great digital display.  Takes great photos
        Great pictures, Zoom features, protective covering on the lens.  Easy point and shoot picture taking.
        Good Picture Quality, Easy To Use, Many Options
        No more film, easy to use.
        Easy to use, reasonably priced, produces great pictures.
        Price zoom and features
        Extremely easy to use, comes with almost all needed parts and cables
        Easy to use, small
        Excellent Pictures, No Film
        Good picture quality for the price of camera.  Plenty of features.
        Anyone can work with it. Its as easy as ABC. 
        Great Quallity Photos, Easy to use
        Ease of use. Quality pictures. Long battery life.
        Easy to use, great features
        Good color and sharpness. 3X Optical zoom.
        quality lens &amp; pictures, available accessories, multiple functions, memory cards, resolution selections. price.
        This camera is very easy to use. This is a pleasure. 
        Solid performer, zoom's great, battery life is good, customizable picture taking settings are easy!
        Everything, nice design, compact, easy to learn the functions,...
        Loaded With Features, Great Price, Intuitive, Good Quality
        3x optical zoom sharp, can take short movies, good macro ability, sharp pictures
        light, small, great pictures, great zoom
        Camera Cheap for functions provided, optical and digital zoom. Great pics
        Excellent image quality, loaded with features, and easy to use for basic photography.
        Great pic quality, lots of features and small enough for a pocket, very durable
        Sharp optics.  Easy to use.
        Good quality pictures
        Great close ups, TIFF mode, easy to use.
        Olympus name, nice size LCD, Plentiful options.
        Affordable, easy interface, acceptable picture quality.
        Small and easy to use...great picture taker
        Great pictures, easy to use
        good quality, good price
        good
        Easy viewing and editing
        3x optical zoom
        many features
        Reliable, Great Pictures, Easy to Use, Speed is Fast, Great SIZE (Very Small)
        Integrated lens cover protects and can't get lost
        2.1 megapixel, good optics; comes with 8 meg cart
        great photos, easy to use, stylish look, established brand name 
        Dozens of features, competitive price, SmartMedia capability, a camera for every environment!
        Viewfinder (saves batteries), simple graphic menus.
        Easy to use, good pictures, nice zoom
        Easy to use with one had or two
        Excellent Quality Pictures, Smart Design, Extremely Easy to Use
        Ease of use, small size and reliability
        Easy to use, great results...a perfect first digital camera
        excellent photos better then the sony cybershot; both eye piece and preview window
        Great Pictures, awesome color and very versatile
        Excellent image quality, easy to use, stylish design
        high picture quality, protected lens (barrel and cover)
        good zoom, easy to use
        Great pics, no waste.
        High Quality OPTICAL 3X Zoom, Superb Image Quality, Very Kind on Batteries
        Small, point and shoot and nice looking
        Very User Friendly, Lightweight, yet durable &amp;amp; excellent picture quality.
        Compact, takes great photos
        Quality, ease of use, zoom
        easy to use,
        Great picture quality, nice look and features
        none
        All the manual features needed and more
        Nice pictures, fairly easy-to-navigate menus, flexibility
        Optical zoom, picture quality, ease of use
        ease of use
        Reasonable price / great quality / nice features!
        Moive Mode, 3x Zoom
        Features for the price
        Built well, takes great pics, easy to use, a lot of options, instructions are easy to under stand and great internet support by Olympus on answering questions.
        3x optical, 2.5 digital zoom, many manual adjustments in addition to auto, compact size, ease of operation
        Ease of use, quality of photos, more than adequate software
        Quality photos and true colors 
        Excellent picture quality, lots of features
        Feature rich, great quality, simple design.
        Picture Quality, Excellent Lens, Excellent Documentation
        easy to use,small,excellent pictures
        Inexpensive, accurate, dependable, convenient shooting/viewing, numerous useful features, high-quality shots.
        Operates adequately as a point and shoot.
        Easy to use, even with little knowledge of digital cameras; clear, quality pictures
        Beautiful Optics, Nice Design, Cheap Media, Uncompressed TIFF Mode.
        Excellent picture quality
        Feature packed and fun to use
        Great picture quality, easy to use and many features
        CAMERA ZONE, CAMERA SOUND, COMPDIRECT and DISCOVERY CAMERA Advertise low prices they do not honor!
        takes great pictures, usb smart card reader is now a free rebate item with purchase.
        Price, features, Great for quick shots, Optical and digital zooms
        Quality of Photos, USB!!, ease of use, Battery life
        Good macro photos
        Easy to use, great photo quality
        great pictures, compact, stylish
        Awsome Photo Quality 
        Excellent image quality
        Excellent overall package &amp;amp; features!
        clarity and resolution, video output, 
        SLR, Zoom Lens, Spot metering, exposure compensation,tripod mount, self timer
        glass lens, superior color and resolution
        Light, Easy to Use, Great Quality
        Great resolution, versatile, zoom capability
        easy to use, comfortable to use, through the lins focusing, customer service, upgrade policy.
        Good optics, good transfer to PC, good feel in the hand
        Great look and feel like a quality 35mm camera.
        Good quality pictures, easy to use
        good pictures
        Good deal
        Easy to use!!!!!!!!
        quality
        Wonderful stills, good resolution, simplicity of use
        sturdy, easy to use camera
        Looks like a camera
        Easy to use, great pictures, simple directions, download is not quick and easy, works like a regular camera when taking photos
        Quality of photos, size of camera, and yes, price!
        Ease of use and image quality
        Good photo quality and color accuracy, threaded for converter lenses, solid construction
        Res. Auto Focus. SLR.
        Great picture quality
        SLR, great image quality
        Best pictures ever taken..
        If you  know how, it will take beautiful pictures
        good flash, good detail/sharpness, low noise
        Easy to use, lightweight, powerful
        Good pictures
        Very good quality
        Great Picture Quality
        Easy to use; sharp picture quality; very good optics
        SLR
        - Compression free images - Quality Olympus lens
        Excellent picture quality.
        Great image resolution and some ability to manipulate
        Easy to use.  Excellent photographs. Light, sleek, sexy.
        Good picture quality, excellent computer software, a lot of options
        SLR viewing, spot metering, multiple exposure options.
        great features, ease of use, maximum picture storage
        Does not resemble a 35mm camera
        Great Storage Capacity, Easy USB Setup, Weight And Feel Of An SLR.
        Rechargeable Battery, Easy to use, super disk drive
        Loaded with features. Supper easy to use.
        great photo quality, lcd viewfinder, movie/sound recording, easy to use
        3.5 and SuperDisk, Records Audio
        storage media and accessories
        LCD screen
        Easy-to-use; Great pic quality; &amp;quot;SuperCool&amp;quot; technology for instant gratification
        Storage capacity, features, service
        Large grip for bigger hands, able to record video clips
        Flexible, Rugged, BIG Memory Capability
        Well designed
        Yes
        feels like a normal camera, 3.5&amp;quot; disc storage, high resolution, free zip drive
        Massive storage capability.  Good battery life.  Multiple burst image is a nice feature
        Nice styling.
        Big basket, large wheels, not much else.
        Great looking, Sporty feel and solid build, seems durable, big basket, rain cover, big wheels.
        Great looking stroller that works great!
        Works well with Peg Perego strollers, strap to tighten in the baby works well
        attaches to most Perego strollers, 5-point harness, nice upholstery, light-weight
        Handles beautifully, lighter than most full-size strollers
        Style,Lightweight,FoldsCompactly, EXECELLENT LATCH CAR SEAT SYSTEM,Stable
        The stroller is a perfect size. Comes with rain cover, reclines, etc.
        5-point harness, spill resistant fabrics, great wheels
        Nice looking, nice fabric
        Nice colors, safe car seat
        Durability, full suspension, reclining seats, easy to push, smooth ride
        Great stroller, comfortable, will last
        Seats removable for storage / transport, Seats interchangable, Carseat compatible
        Superior handling, comfort, quality
        seats can face each other, both seats recline
        Durable, versatile, easy set-up and dismantle, maintains its value
        Class leading versatility in seating configurations.  High quality design, construction and comfort.
        Everything
        many pros.,wheels,both babies can lie down,play with each other and more.
        looks nice, easy to maneuver, different seating positions
        big enough for a six year old and a six-pack
        large seating area, lots of leg room, moveable seats, easy steering,  large wheels make it easy to go through stuff
        Sturdy seats may face forward, backward,or toward each other; 5-point harness; easy brake; maneuverability
        Uncomfortable for Babies
        Sturdy, roomy, easy to use.
        A good solid stroller that your baby will be safe and comfortable in
        easy to fold and unfold, comfortable, great features like reversible handle
        The Cadillac of strollers, can change which way baby faces, great wheels for comfortable ride
        Cushy, classy, comfortable 
        Beautiful and luxurious.  Very, very comfortable and spacious for baby.
        Fully reclines, large seating area, soft fabric...well known name.
        stylish, reversible handle, easy to fold
        beautiful, smooth ride, roomy for the baby, good storage, blocks sun and wind well, can be opened with one hand, reversible handlebar, can be used for newborns to 3 years old.
        sturdy construction
        Very beautiful stroller, bunting cover is a great accessory
        carriage and stroller very comfortable for baby
        easy to use, easy to clean, rides smoothly,
        Solid construction, attractive styling, easy-to-use
        east open, easy close
        Beautiful, easy to compact
        reclines fully, adjustable wheels and handle direction
        I feel the baby is safe, it's easy to use, and comfortable for baby
        It is very comfortable for the child.
        Converts from traditional "baby carriage" to stroller, full boot for winter, very plush
        good cover, reclines all the way down, nice leg extension
        LOADED with many pleasing features AND it's BEAUTIFUL!
        People think you're a "big shot" with this luxury baby item.
        Very comfortable
        easy storage, portable, looks
        Construction, stability, size, appearance, versatility
        full recline, reversible handle bar, spacious for baby
        Comfy for the kiddies
        Great for newborns, very sturdy
        Lightweight &amp;amp; Easy to Close
        Top of the Line - Will Last Forever
        Extremely sturdy and will last forever
        Many features including conversion from stroller to carriage, seat that can lie back all the way flat, and option to have child facing towards or away from you.
        attractive
        easy to operate
        love every bit of the stroller
        looks
        Lightweight, Easy to use!
        easy to use, easy to maneuver, smooth ride 
        Positions, Beauty, Functions
        sturdy, light, attractive
        easy to manuever,  folds easily, attractive
        very roomy, long lasting
        Very sturdy, easy to &amp;quot;pilot&amp;quot;, comfy
        beauty, ease of use, safety
        Luxurious, sturdy, safe
        Comfy, sturdy, wears well
        High quality, versatile, comfy for baby
        Quality and Durability
        strong, beautiful,easy  to handle
        none really.... I think its a 'status' thing for parents to buy one of these
        Great ride, reversible handle, good storage space, front and rear wheels lock, etc.
        solid, very attractive, handles well
        pushes very nicely, beautiful, 5-point safety harness, full boot
        many convenient features
        sturdiness, comfort, easy to push, beautiful exterior
        Holds 80 lbs., adjustable handle, rubber wheels swivel and lock
        Easy to use
        Can be used with infant seat, accommodate footboard passenger, and much, much more!
        Lightweight, durable and handsome!
        looks, comfort of baby, reclining ability
        Looks, comfort for baby, name
        Easy to use!!!
        many features, looks fancy
        Folds up so small!  Rain and sun umbrella!! Stands upright.
        Light weight, quality, knobby wheels, comfortable and easy to use
        Folds up compactly, Durable, Well Made, Canopy pulls all the way forward.
        Lightweight,stylish &amp; lots conveniences 
        Wonderful, sturdy, long lasting system
        Lots of options
        Roomy, nice high handles, 5 point harness, BIG canopy
        Fun Color (Sunscapes); Large Canopy; Rear step for a toddler; Perego Quality
        Small when folded, rear step for older child
        attractive, large bonnet; comfortable
        lightweight, easy to maneuver, durable
        Quality construction, fully-reclining seat
        Light-weight, handles rough terrain easily, fits infants and toddlers, stores well.
        5-point harness; stands upright when folded; canopy; attached rain cover
        Tough and well designed, it folds up so small
        Roomy for child and reclines to different positions.  Folds to convenient size.  
        Turns easily, stable, comfortable, rugged, reliable.
        Good looking; easy to open and close; easy to maneuver in tight spaces
        Rear footboard, folds up small, comfy for both kids, adjustable handles, sturdy but light
        lightweight, sturdy, removable front bar, back stand bar, full featured
        Compact, light, durable and its a Peg Perego...
        Lightweight, durable, comfortable, unfolds quickly
        Lightweight, reclines, can transport an older child on the back, durable.
        sturdy, back footrest
        Lightweight, durable, compact
        easy navigation, seat fully reclines
        sturdy, handles very well, easy to fold up, fully reclinable, stylish.
        great wheels, price, and comfort
        lightweight, durable, brand name
        Sturdy, easy to use, great features for dollar, most likely, the stroller you will grab and use
         Very good quality, strong, good looking
        water repellent canopy
        Fabric is durable, stroller is lightweight and folds nicely
        Quality, attractive
        Convenience and Durability
        Compact and Lightweight
        compact
        lightweight, durable and cost effective
        more durable than most umbrella strollers, fully washable, comfortable for kids, fairly priced.
        Very quality stroller
        I have the 2001 Trek Pliko and it is GREAT!
        very comfortable, easy to fold up, a dream to push, fully reclines, stylish!
        Stylish, compact folding stroller
        Folds really small, easy to manouver and looks great.
        Has an awesome safety belt.
        adorable well padded seat, very large waterproof hood, rain bubble, padded bumper bar, good tires
        Nice fabric and canopy. Very durable
        built-in rain cover, reclines, adjustable handles, free standing, removable front bumper bar, basket, sharp-looking
        Very lightweight yet sturdy.  Folds up like an umbrella stroller.  Good for tall parents.
        great fabrics, easy to open &amp; close
        colors, washable seating, dual wheels in front and back, full recline
        5 point harness, adjustable handles, compact, light, versatile, durable.
        Gorgeous fabric, free-standing once folded, generous hood, easy use, lightweight &amp; compact while luxurious.
        Beautiful cover, sturdy-well made, reclines, car seat compatible, most everything!
        Large canopy, built in rain cover, ample padding, stores compactly
        The 2003 version has all the bells and whistles with one major exception.
        Lightweight and strong&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Folds up small&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to use carry handle&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to fold up
        lightweight and compact, sturdy construction and comfortable
        Lightweight, free standing when folded.  Super comfy!
        Ease of operation and handling.
        Relatively lightweight for a double stroller. Ease of use. Comfortable for the kids.
        Light weight, well padded, very roomy, beautiful fabric...
        Handles well, attractive, both seats recline (although not fully), light compared to other doubles
        Well built, easy to turn and fold, Attractive.
        top quality European stroller, comfortable and plush, easy to control, 
        Well, it does hold 2 kids....
        well made, light, smooth, stylish, one of so few strollers to hold any resale value
        easy to use
        Easy to steer - Very lightweight!
        everything
        roomy, great fabric
        Holds up well to lots of kids
        Tandem Stroller with high quality materials
        The Cadallac of strollers!  A great ride, easy to use, excellent turning radius, high handle bar, will hold resale value.
        An excellent stroller
        Easy to collapse, Large front seat.
        Holds up to ALOT!
        A fabulous stroller for 2 either close in age or varying ages!!!!
        Sturdy, quality construction, easy to maneuver.
        Light for a double stroller.  Comfy, well-padded seats.  Easy to steer.
        weight, movability
        light, easy open &amp;amp; close, durable, nice looking, convenient
        Easy to open and close, Basket comes off
        Very light and easy to use
        easy to navigate, quality construction
        lightweight, easy to maneuver, cleans up great
        none compared to similar products
        comfortable, cleans up nicely
        Easy to use
        large seats, lightweight, easy to push/steer
        nice look, durable,big canopies for both,easy fold up
        Easy to operate, folds flat, lightweight at 24 lbs.
        great looking, space saver and very convenient as well as good comfort for the little ones
        Not very heavy
        easy to turn, open and close, and light weight
        High quality materials, durable, easy to push, roomy, baby is completely enclosed in rear seat
        lightweight, easy to maneuver, attractive to look at
        A versatile, reliable, and durable stroller with great style
        durability and comfort
        Durable, safe, good sun/rain/wind protection, cargo hooks
        Lots of space, holds more weight than the others, removable basket underneath, easy to use, excellent customer service and quality.
        Baby's are pretty heavy. You don't have to carry them.
        none
        Great stroller
        Ease of storage, Ease to maneuver
        none
        Great stroller!  Compact and durable!
        Can't think of one
        rear seat reclines all the way down, great construction, very sturdy
        Very lightweight, reversible handle, can take you from newborn years through toddler
        all wheels swivel, unfols completely horizontally, easiest to unfold with one hand (a must)
        Handle switches front to back.
        3-position recline, can be forward or rear facing, easy to maneuver, big hood  
        flexible - use as a stroller or carriage, solid and sturdy, warm with boot
        Has held up well, very roomy, great ride, and doesn't squeak!
        Solid construction. Able to switch handle to face child or child to face forward
        Carriage style for baby and Stroller style for toddler, comfortable
        Easy to steer,reversible handle, easy to fold down, lightweight.
        Reversible handlebar, big air filled shock absorbing wheels, and converts to carriage.
        Easy to fold/unfold.  Appropriate for newborn infants to toddlers.  Stylish.  Roomy. High Quality
        reversible handle, stylish, washable cover.
        Transforms from newborn to toddler, all in one stroller.
        Flat bed floor under 5 month old.
        study, reversible handle, adjustable back, looks
        Comfortable, and luxurious
        It can't be beat
        the look of it, the weight
        Good from newborn to toddler; high quality materials
        Ajudstable Seat And top brakes on the wheels, Pocket for stuff, Folds
        reversible handle, 4 locking wheels, bootie for cold weather
        strong, light, easy handling
        Lightweight, easy to use, versatile, well-built, reversible handle
        Lightweight, sturdy, easy to handle
        light, looks nice, many adjustments may be made to suit particular needs
        lightweight, adjustable handle bar, durable fabric   
        lightweight, durability, easily closes and opens, comfortable, attractive, many nice features
        Everything...it's quality, sturdy and lightweight
        converts to carraige
        Reversible handle, canopy, boot feature
        stable, smooth, many nice features
        none
        Lightweight, durable, plush fabric, smooth suspension; reversible handle bar; fully reclining seat
        Classy looking, nice fabric patterns, big canopy, reversible handle
        Easy to push, Not too heavy
        Sturdy, swivel handle, easy fold up.....
        Folds easily, reversible, smooth ride, great colors!
        Fine fabric,good fold, good cover
        Goes anywhere and is so easy to use
        Great zoom, amazing battery, easy interface, lots of features.
        Ease of use, stylish design, easy to use buttons, excellent zoom and macro
        Small, great zoom for a tiny digital. Clarity is amazing.
        Excellent set of features! Battery life. Small size. Flexibility.
        Intuitive design, millions of features, superb quality, VERY compact design.
        Solid body, the option to go fully manual and great pictures!
        Great Photos either autofocus or manual/settings choices. Easy to navigate menu.
        The battery lasted approximately 2 weeks! Small size.
        Size, battery life, ease of use.
        Ultra-compact, stunning picture quality, loaded with features
        Size &amp; weight are astounding. Has most "big camera" features at affordable prices.
        quality in a tiny package, looks, ease of use, 
        Size!, three megapixels, 3X optical zoom, some manual features, WOW factor, more!
        compact size, impressive battery life, excellent zoom lens
        Size, Style, features
        size, "cool" factor, lcd
        Size, 3x Optical Zoom, 3.2MP... did I say size?
        Ultra-compact, 3 megapixels, 3X optical zoom, incredible feature set,  11 MBs of internal memory , 
        Fantastic balance of portability, photo quality, battery life and capacity (with 256 MB SD card)
        Take Anywhere Size with full features
        size picture quality good if not using zoom
        Size makes it easy to have with you always.
        Convenient size. Nice macro abilities. Good battery power.
        Extremely small &amp; lightweight - , Intuitive user interface &amp; button layout - , Fair picture quality
        Great Price &amp; takes ordinary batteries
        Cheap
        Honestly none!
        Inexpensive and light weight.
        Fast - Light - Cheap - Self Repeating
        Uses a standard 9-volt battery, simple one-button functionality, auto-timer, inexpensive
        Cheap and easy to use.
        Lightweight, decent photos, fun to use, good software.
        Cheap
        None
        inexpensive, compact, nice pictures for use on the web, easy to use
        CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS PRICE? EVERYONE CAN GO DIGITAL WITH THIS!
        It is easy, lightweight, and what a great price!
        Easy to use, Excellent price, delivers on promises.
        Inexpensive. Easy to use. Good software included. Long Battery Life. Decent Images.
        cheap, handy, good entry to digital pics
        Great low price, lightweight, and all the programming included
        Strong case, Flash, Easy to use, good software
        Inexpensive
        cheap digital camera.  expensive camera overall however.
        Easy to use, good price for beginners.
        Great features, flash, LCD display, 
        review window, flash, ease of use
        *very* inexpensive digital camera. Nice for the price.  
        Many features, Easy to use!
        Cheap
        LCD Display, Flash, Software is easy to use
        Price, ease of use
        Cheap, great pictures for price, Very fast, 
        It's a cheap way to have digital fun
        Decent picture quality for a inexpensive camera
        Easy to use,has expandable memory, good software
        Cheap - Lots of features for the price
        Hi resolution, easy to use, great price.
        Great pictures, price
        image quality, macro performance
        Great Price, packed with features
        Price, ability to take photo's no matter where you are.
        Price, AA Batteries, ease of use, decent picture quality 
        Low cost, excellent macro lens, fairly intuitive design for easy use
        Easy to use
        Hi Resolution, low price, great macro
        Price, resolution, macro lense, ability to take photos in low-light
        Outstanding color reproduction.
        2MB MEM, flash, LCD display
        Inexpensive, Easy to Use
        Great soft ware!
        Low Cost, Complete &amp;amp; Easy to Use
        Low price, ease of use, high &amp;quot;bang for the buck&amp;quot;
        It has everything!
        Easy to use, makes good photographs.
        Quality of picture
        Great for the price. Easy to use.  
        Price, ease of use(camera), number of stored images,no developing cost or wait time, great for beginners, and everything you need to get started is included.
        Easy to use
        Simple, lifelike
        price, features, inclusions, size and weight, ability to use a tripod
        Easy for beginners to use
        Easy to use
        easy to use, great pictures, complete with cables and software
        easy to use 
        It has a great program for printing your pictures.It is easy to use.It takes just minutes to upload your pictures and begin printing them out.
        nice ergonomics, convenient
        EASY TO USE, AND GOOD QUALITY PICTURES
        easy to handle, use, good for emailing pictures.
        Easy to use, computer compatibility
        Ease in downloading pics.
        Cheap.  Unlike disposables, you get what is in the frame.
        affordable, good quality, and easy to use!  Fun for the whole family!
        Polaroid PDC640 is a great first digital camera.
        light, easy to use, inexpensive,
        cheap camera
        At, Wal-Mart for 99.99, the best price I could find for the features offered.
        Good pictures for the low cost, very easy to transfer pictures to PC
        By far easiest to use; camera &amp; software of any Digitals on the market
        Inexpensive (under $100), LCD display, 8 mb storage, multiple picture quality, and more
        everything you need to get started is in the box
        Easy to use, cheap, decent display
        None
        Fun, nice software, takes decent pics for the price
        Affordable &amp; Easy to use.  I still recommend two years later.
        Inexpensive, userfriendly software, comes with good software for categorizing pics.
        Ease of use, inexpensive, all accessories included, a good first digital camera.
        easy to use, low cost
        Easy to Use;, Comes with cords and software
        Easy to use, good picture quality
        Learned what to avoid in my next digital camera purchase.
        Point &amp; Shoot.  Good Beginner camera
        Very user friendly, almost no learning time required.
        clear crisp pictures, easy to transfer, rugged, view finder.
        Easy to use - good first camera
        ease of use
        Price, good software package, easy-to-use features, good quality photos
        Ease of use, size, price
        exceptionally easy to use, accessories are easy to find
        price and quality
        Easy to use
        nice pictures for an affordable price
        Great Price on the PDC-640 Right Now.
        Easy to use
        Inexpensive, easy, great photos
        Clean and clear pics w/ good options
        Great pictures, low price, LCD screen
        GREAT price, GREAT pictures
        everything in one kit; easy to use; decent photo quality for inexpensive camera
        0
        Fantastic quality pictures
        Good Price
        value/results
        LOVE THE CLARITY AND THE COLOR &amp;amp; SO EASY TO USE!
        easy to use and great quality pictures
        Inexpensive, fairly easy to take a picture
        Digital, affordable, small, reliable
        Easy to use, solid construction, good quality pix, fun to use
        easy to use, removable/ replaceable memory card, LCD screen...
        Easy to use and learn, nice features for a great price.
        cheaper price than some
        EASE OF USE
        Provides professional quality photographs
        Good first buy camera, for unexpected photos
        Easy to use, affordable
        Good First time Digital Camera
        affordable, easy to use, takes nice pictures
        it just as good any others out there
        good price, simple to use
        easy to use, review/preview options, easy to download
        easy to use, good value, reasonable quality
        Great name brand camera for a good price
        Price, ease of use, AC adapter
        price, versatility
        Price, ease of use
        Easy to use
        Usability
        Easy to learn
        convenient, user- friendly, great price
        Price &amp;amp; easy to use
        Costs
        The only negative side to this camera that I see, is that it has no zoom capability.  
        Price, Quality, Ease of use, Features.
        easy to use
        Easy to operate, beautiful photos and editing bonus.
        Works great with many programs, gives you instant results (no waiting for development), and very easy to use.
        Price - ease of use - compatibility
        Very Easy to Use.
        Able to delete and retake pictures instantly
        easy to use
        Very easy to use
        good price,great camera
        Easy to use. 
        Excellent Quality Pictures
        simple, takes clear pictures while moving
        Very user friendly, nice size, nice software, easy setup.
        Ease of use, nice pictures
        Inexpensive and takes low quality pictures good enough for the web and e-mail.
        light weight, easy to use
        quality pictures for the price
        It takes pictures, easy to use
        Polaroid reputation, price
        easy to use, takes decent pictures
        best price, simple
        picture quality, ease of use
        EASY TO USE
        easy to use, quality pictures, affordable
        Take's Excellent Picture's
        Easy to use.
        Easy To Use 
        Light, easy to use and excellent technical help.
        affordable, easy to use, great pictures, 3 flash settings,quality company
        good action pics.
        price, ease, disk adapter, easy to use
        easy to use, great quality, lightweight, affordable
        Great Pictures,  User Friendly
        Price, ease of use
        easy to use, price
        Easy to use. Software is simple, uncomplicated
        good money value
        Great price
        Affordable, Easy-to-use, Great Quality
        Easy to use, dependable, inexpensive
        Easy to operate, floppy adapter saves on batteries
        Everything!
        Great for emailing instant photos to friends
        Easy to  use and to install on your PC
        Easy, fun, inexpensive!
        Easy to Use, Affordable, Great looking pictures
        Affordable
        Wide view screen easy transfer 
        great picture  quality
        Cheap and easy to use
        Good Solid Camera for everyone.
        Cost and quality
        Uses SmartMedia memory, price ($180), customer service
        price
        easy to use, great quality photos, reasonably priced
        Great software, great picture quality
        user Friendly, very reasonable price
        Easy to use
        good photos, easy to use, extra accessories, good price
        A Great Camera
        small
        good quality pictures, low price
        Picture Quality, Ease of Use,  Low Cost
        easy to operate
        Good picture quality
        very easy to use
        great price,good quality
        price, easy to use, features, size
        Very Very Good Camera
        looks, quality, software
        Affordable, clear pictures.
        easy to use both camera and software, good quality images, economical 
        Cheap, easy picture transfer
        Affordable, fun, and easy
        Fair price, good software, good photo quality.
        Good quality pictures and you can take a lot of them
        Quality, Value, Features
        Very easy to use, no special/expensive equipment/software required
        Ease of use
        Reasonable cost; easy to use; everything included in kit; Polaroid name; whole family can use; autoflash &amp;amp; self timer are nice features; can delete pictures immediately if you do not want to keep them; no film cost anymore; no waiting to see pictures
        Easy to use and set up; economical; idiot-proof
        takes great pictures
        Cheap, decent quality pictures for casual use. Easy to use. 1.8" LCD display
        low cost, high features, fun
        Cost
        Fair price, picture viewer
        Easy to use, good quality pictures
        great value, good design, clear pictures, nice preview screen
        Ease of use
        This camera cost less than the 640 and hold way more pictures
        clear photos
        Love affair lasted only a year.
        Very effective and compact
        easy to use,LCD,Good quality,Price,stylish
        LCD has bugs,no satisfaction
        Ease of use, cheap fun
        excellent pictures for a 640
        Point and Shoot
        Very reliable!!!
        good quality, inexpensive , lcd screen
        easy to use,cheap, everything needed was included in the kit
        Easy to use for beginners, inexpensive
        Easy to use, Good Quality Pictures, Good Storage Capacity
        Good Bargain, Pretty Good Pictures
        Easy to use,  takes great pics, lightweight
        very easy to use
        inexpensive, easy to use
        Great image quality, stylish design, price.
        Good Camera
        Cheap
        Easy to use,  convenient
        Very easy to use, good quality pictures, LCD screen
        Very Durable, Best for Simple Home use. Comes with everything you need
        Very well priced.  Great for average user.
        Easy to use, relatively inexpensive, nice first digital camera
        holds lots of pictures 
        1.8" LCD; inexpensive; video output to TV
        Easy to use and understand functions
        Low prices, nice features, all accessories included
        Inexpensive, easy to use, lightweight, good quality photos for email and web.
        Easy to use, Idiot Proof, and a great deal!
        very easy to use and everything came in one kit 
        Good pictures. Nice feel and design.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Inexpensive, easy to use, decent image quality
        Price 
        Price, ease of use, design
        Adjustable settings allow better quality or more pictures, whichever you prefer!
        Great Camera, LCD is clear!
        Built in memory, nice case, decent size view LCD screen.
        Small, lightweight, easy to use. a good beginner camera.
        Light weight, portable, nice pictures and A+ customer service.
        LCD Screen, USB &amp; TV Out, Easy Install, Auto Flash 
        Good features for a low price
        Great little camera for the price. Extremely easy to use.
        Good Image Quality, Expandable Memory, Easy to use
        Great photo quality, Easy to install, Easy to use, VERY Durable!
        Easy to use
        Will fit in your purse
        inexpensive, takes great pictures
        Perfect size, easy to use, affordable, good software
        Very mobile, great quality for price!!!
        My first love....uh, in digital cameras, that is!
        Small size, good resolution, USB connector.
        Very easy to use
        Good inexpensive camera.
        Reliability,picture quality,easy to read manual and well organized tech support
        Low price, camera features
        Comes with all the accessories to make it work out of the box.
        easy to use
        Great Price, Good Pictures
        small, good picture quality, added memory capabilities
        Inexpensive/Fairly easy to operate/Informative help on-line
        cost,, size, ease of use
        easy to use, price, features
        Price - what a bargain, Extremely easy to use
        Inexpensive/Easy to use
        Low price
        Easy to Use, Software &amp;amp; Hardware
        A lot of memory
        great item,great price.
        Too many to list!
        Very easy to use
        Cheap Price for what you get
        great quality, easy to use
        PRICE, sleek expensive looking design, included software, cables, memory card, and camera case, image quality.
        Takes great pictures. Pretty inexpensive
        inexpensive, user friendly, resolution vs. price
        Great deal; under priced; small/durable; good size LCD
        Pretty much everything especially LCD, Storage, Picture Quality, and Price
        lightweight; compact
        very easy to work
        Low Price
        Great pictures!
        Quality digital pictures, easy use, many features, great value
        Great picture quality, easy to use, color lcd screen
        Great Camera, and Great quality
        size, looks
        easy to use , lightweight 
        The Camera is cheap
        inexpensive, easy to use
        Cheap price, software is easy to use
        nice photos, software works well
        Color LCD screen, light, comes with 2 software
        Ease of use, image quality, compact convenient design
        Price, Picture Quality, Simplicity
        Nice quality, advanced functions, real-time TV output, easy to work with.
        I don't have to send my film off to have them developed
        Good price, Good Quality
        Easily upgradable, excellent customer support
        Low cost, ease of software use, compact
        Too Many to list see review
        I love it
        easy, point and shoot, good quality pictures
        Great pictures, great price
        Relatively simple to use, accepts standard memory upgrades
        good picture quality, small
        More Pixels to Pesos
        Price, Ease of use, full-featured software package, USB support
        good photos, ease of usage
        Simple to use, Compact size, Works with Windows 98,99
        Easy to use, fits easily anywhere, great software, USB
        Takes Excellent pictures.
        good if you just want to put pictures on the internet. 
        Great quality, expandable memory, lots of accessories.
        Expandable memory card slot, print-quality resolution
        Small and pretty easy to use.  Extras not found on cheap cameras.
        Works Well In Average Light Rooms.
        Easy, Fun, Great Pics
        Tiny, USB, relatively cheap
        Price, fast uploading, size, TV viewing, flash 
        easy to use, no hassle with loading film,can view pictures on your tv
        No more photomats, lightweight, hooks directly to TV for instant images
        Light, easy to use
        Inexpensive, easily hooks up to the television for viewing
        battery life, cost, included cables and AC Adapter, RCA video-out signal
        Great camera for the price and size!
        Great affordable camera
        Inexpensive, small, good for ebay
        Cheap, Easy 
        Low cost, good battery life, easy to use
        It won't cost much to get you started.  Maybe 50 to 60 bucks.
        Cheap price, handling, Pc and MAC compatible, flash.
        very cheap, light, small
        Very cheap, decent quality, flash
        Standard AA batteries, USB and build-in flash
        The price I guess, after having checked at a couple of stores.
        price USB connection holds 32 exp tv cable included
        It's cheap
        Good size, cheap price, nice interface
        Inexpensive, Quicker if not better than scanning pictures
        Its definitely cheap and compact enough to keep some money in your wallet but...
        Great price, USB Ready, Great for Fun, Just point and shoot!
        Price &amp; Size.
        cheap, you don't really need a photoshop to make these pics look funny
        Durability Poor Design
        easy to use,brand name we all know,best for price
        easy to use, awesome pictures, reasonably priced
        Easy to use, nice software package.Takes great pics.
        Very good image quality for the money (we received a $100 rebate)
        Over all a great camera
        It takes about 20 quality pictures
        This is a great camera
        Excellent resolution and prints
        Easy to Use - Many Functions
        PRICED RIGHT
        Great pictures, easy to use, many features, attractive styling
        Extremely easy to use, nice packaging and feel, lots of everyday use features.
        3X optical Zoom, 4X digital ZOom
        Ease of use, Sturdy Design
        Good quality pictures, includes features like video out (nice for slide-shows) and ac power.
        Easy to use.
        Good features for the price
        easy to scroll through pictures
        Absolutely NONE
        low price
        Good Battery Life
        A/C adapter included, optical zoom, battery life, serial and USB included
        Light for the quality
        Good pictures.
        Easy to use.
        It takes good detailed pictures if it does not break first.
        How could I possibly say anything good about this camera.  It never worked long enough.
        Easy to install software.
        Inexpensive way to take digital photos
        Inexpensive, relatively easy to use.
        Price, 640X480 mode good
        Cheap and easy to use. Decent quality for the price.
        Cheap, Light weight
        Inexpensive.  Good value for the money, IF you don't expect the best.
        Cheapest on the market. Does work for small needs.
        Inexpensive
        Has an AC Adapter
        Cheap, Light
        Great Price, Reasonable Cost, Easy to Use
        decent pictures, good to send on web
        Easy To Use
        Cheap, simple to operate, decent flash
        Inexpensive
        Good picture quality, inexpensive
        Great Camera, excellent pictures
        inexpensive, fun, easy
        price
        Inexpensive for the novice
        Easy, light-weight, great pictures for little money.
        ease of use, picture quality
        Price, lightweight
        far cheaper than lots of film and developing
        cheap, easy to use
        Inexpensive, easy to use
        Cheap Price, Lightness
        price and quality of pictures
        Ease of use.
        good enough for the basics... cheap.
        cheap and easy
        good camera for the price, can get 4 meg memory sticks for it
        Power full Camera!
        good gift for someone you hate
        Price and Weight
        Small initial cost      Instant photos
        Excellent pictures and easy to use.
        Inexpensive, easy-to-use, functional
        relatively cheap, automatically shuts off it you forget to turn it off.  Good picture size
        Cheap, Easy to use, acceptable quality
        As of June 2001, these digital cameras are under $40
        Ease of use, LCD viewfinder
        easy to use-great pics
        easy to use
        small easy to carry around
        Good camera....
        Affordable, easy and fun, with great quality pictures
        Easy to learn to use
        light, cheap, macro shots, 
        Easy to use, crisp pics
        Easy to use, Cheap camera for beginners
        price, resolution, zoom
        Great pictures, easy to use, macro and zoom
        -rotating lens, zoom, varying resolution settings
        features, zoom, resolution
        Great resolutions, Self timer
        cheap, affordable, decent images
        ease of use, compact size, price
        Great features
        An incredible camera at a great price with many features.
        Superb physical design. Easy to use.  Terrific features.
        High resolution and optical zoom features
        High Resolution and very easy to use
        Great Photos
        Pictures require no color correction, looks and feels like an SLR, easy to use
        EXCELLENT OPTICS
        good picture, erase the bad photos
        Many great features for such a low price
        Well built and thought out.
        Easy to Use, Fantastic Image Quality
        Good Resolution, 3x zoom, 
        Great resolution, super macro feature, Easy to use
        Small size, Ease of use.  Takes excellent pictures.
        Inexpensive, ideal digi-camera for first use, pleasing results
        Unexpensive, easy use, sharp daylight pictures
        small, simple, cheap
        Great picture quality - Low priced!
        Size, Weight, Simple to use, 
        Smaller, Inexpensive, Easy to use
        Extemely small, carry it everywhere, Inexpensive, Good quality images (1024x768)
        Small size.  Easy to use.  Use of Smartmedia cards for photo storage.
        12PPM, USB, low price, nice software features.
        Affordable Laser Printing
        Incredible value, black text print quality.
        Great inexpensive laser printing.
        Fast, 8mb memory, Toner Saver and Energy Star Compliant, Low Noise Level
        Price, reliability, toner save feature, great workmanship
        Great text quality
        Low price, USB compatible, small size, fast printing, low noise standby
        Low price, toner saver, compact sizem reprint button
        Great print quality, fast printing (once it gets warmed up and going)
        Solid software/drivers; very very fast
        Excellent text printing, longlasting toner, no paper jams ever, small footprint, separate envelope feeder
        Fast, Super high quality printing, rock solid, cheap.
        cheap, fast, reliable, laser
        Affordable, , Compact,, Fast,, Excellent Print Quality,, Toner Saver feature,, USB/Parallel Interface, , 
        compact, fast, quiet, high quality prints, separate envelope and paper feeds, pretty good cost/page
        Cost. Reliable. OS 10.2 and Linux support. Fantastic!
        Inexpensive, uses cheap toner, trouble free.
        Easy to use.  Good resolution.  Quiet.  Quick.  Comparably inexpensive.
        Cheap Cheerful and Small
        Affordability. Reliability. Ease of use.
        Great print quality, great price, toner saver feature
        Price
        samll foot print, low initial price
        Cheap, Easy to use, quite Pretty in shape
        inexpensive but good quality, easy to setup, quiet, 8Meg RAM, paper handling is smooth.
        High Quality, Drivers Easily Loaded, Toner Saver Feature
        Outstanding print quality. Impressive efficiency. Overall, outstanding value.
        Great Value, Compact, Asthetic, Fast, Simple.
        Print Quality, Energy Star, Toner Saver, Robust Design, Simple, Fast, Surprisingly Nice Paper Paths
        cheap, good print quality, easy setup, also it works with windows xp
        Cheap, beautiful and fast printing and very very quiet
        Fast once warmed up, great text quality, easy to set-up over the network
        *Fast *Cheap *Works with Windows/Mac/Linux *Small footprint *Good print quality
        Inexpensive alternative for the home office in both price as well as toner.
        Feature packed printer for the price.
        Great print quality; Reasonable price
        Fast printer. Easy setup. Dependable.
        Great printer for the price. Easy set up.  
        Great output, economical, solid build quality, good paper handling, easy setup
        Quiet, fast, dependable, great price, easy memory expansion
        Inexpensive, 15ppm, Energy Start Compliant, 12,000 pages per month
        Cheap, but not lacking in quality.
        Quiet while in standby mode, Economical on toner
        Reliable, economical, reasonably priced
        fast, appears well built
        Low cost, excellent print quality, wonderful customer support.
        Great, great quality printer
        Very cheap cost, excellent print quality, toner carts are inexpensive
        Compact, 600dpi, parallel cable included, great value.
        extremely cheap, high performance laser printer
        A high quality laser printer for under $200 including parallel cable.
        A heckuva deal for a reliable, unbulky laser printer.
        Very cheap, good quality, long-lasting cartridge
        No problem whatsoever.
        Price, ease of use, quick flash recovery, easy navigation and long battery life.
        Best value for money
        Easy to use....good lux ISO380.
        Flash modes, good display, USB, common AA (non-proprietary) batteries, acceptable picture quality.
        Price, functions
        Great price, good features for the money.
        Simple to use,nice features for less than $100,USB upload
        Easy to use, low price,outdoor photos good, action sequence shots, B&amp;W photos 
        Low price for a kids starter camera
        unbeatable portability, ease of use
        &lt;B&gt;Excellent Picture Quality For Small Price Tag, Tons of Features
        easy to use, lots of pictures, great for your snapshots!
        Very Cheap, Great Software, Excellent Support Area On Website
        Very Tiny, Cheap, Holds 100 Pictures
        Extremely small and light
        Portability, ease of use/download to computer, cheap 
        Size, price, ease of use, web cam function
        Size. That's about it.
        Cheap! Small in Size!
        NONE
        can be used as a web cam
        Take over a 100 pics and easy to carry around. 
        cost.
        price, size, use as webcam
        Digital camera, Web cam, A.V.I. capability in 1 small package ! 
        3-In-1 Camera, Great Price!, Small size, 8 MB Memory
        Size.
        Small size, easy to stow in your pocket
        Good Looking
        It's little...
        Substantial. Perfect entry-level "Pro-sumer" SLR-type digital camera.
        Handles like a 35mm,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Control flexibility/layout,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Histogram&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Rechargeable batteries,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Memory stick/card flexibility&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        All you need in one box.
        All you need in one box.
        DSC-D770 handles like a 2 1/4 square camera or a full size 35-mm.
        Great image quality, LCD screen, White Balance
        Extensive Control 
        Great image quality, wide range of options, easy to use.
         Carl Zeiss Lens, portability, versatility, creative options
        5X optical zoom.  Threaded lens barrel. Easy to use overall.  
        Terrific high quality pictures
        Nice zoom lens, good weight, pic and movie modes, swivel lcd screen
        Quality, Style, Features and ease of Use
        Excellent image quality, excellent color, battery power "countdown" in minutes, intuitive operation, cool design
        High Performance, Numerous Features, Ease of Use
        Light, easy to use, many features
        User interface, image quality
        image quality nothing short of excellent, good battery life, neat features
        amazing image quality, Carl Zeiss 5x optical zoom lens, 2.6 mega-pixel resolution
        Size, Features, Optical Zoom
        Great image quality, Carl Zeiss lens with 5x optical zoom and manual focusing ring
        BEAUTIFUL LENS! Photo quality images! Easy to use and good programs included! Videos come out great!
        Lens and beautiful pics
        Lens, lens. and lens
        Swivel view finder
        Zeiss lens, size and shape, megapixel CCD
        lens, video mode, design, image quality
        Great up close pictures
        Lens, Fully Automatic, Fantastic Photos
        everything
        Excellent Optics,AC adapter included,Easy to use
        Auto and manual Focus, super clear pictures, fast cycle times, excellent red eye reduction.
        Lightweight, Easy, Carl Zeiss, Image Quality, and Design.
        ergonomic design, easy for amateurs, tons of features
        Unique design.  High quality of image.  Expandable memory stick.
        Great color response in daylight.  Excellent lens quality and zoom factor.
        Great all-around digital camera, cool looking, macro focus, fun!
        Photo imaging quality, lens, features, battery life, ease
        Best of Breed (digital camera + 15 sec MPEGs), Quick for "precious life moments"
        Small, nice quality
        Lightweight, 2Mpixel, rotating head
        high resolution, excellent features, compact size
        Exellent quality pictures
        Great pics, portable. mpeg, swivel lens
        MPEG and JPEG Images; Small, light
        small size, great feature set, memory sticks
        mpeg movie opiton w/ video out, 2.8x zoom, fun little camera
        small, high resolution, easy to transfer
        easy to use, great picture quality
        Outstanding quality, takes pictures fast,  Records Mpeg Movies.
        small, easy to use
        large and clear LCD screen, very compact, takes MPEG movies, easy to use
        Excellent quality pictures and small size.
        fun to use
        Great pictures
        small, robust, great picture quality, good lens, very flexible
        amazing features, tough and durable
        small size, ease of use
        Compact; great photos.
        High resolution, macro mode, MPEG movie format, swivel lens
        Picture Quality, Size, Media, Multi Modes (MPEG Video, Still Shot, Email, etc.), Accessories (Memory stick reader, memory stick printer) 
        2.1 megapixels, Movie and Email capability, Links for straight AV/Sound.
        Quality of Pictures, Quality &amp;amp; Feel of Camera
        Taking many pictures without fear. Great quality pictures and movies
        Fast Lens ! Quick Shutter release, good macro capabilities
        Good metering, High quality, sharp and very fast 5x optical zoom lens
        5X zoom, abundant features, vivid colors
        High Resolution, Cool Features, More Photo Control
        Easy to handle, great funstionality, great resolution
        Megapixels, video mode, infrared option, too many to list!
        Many Features, Many Options, CONVERSATIONAL PIECE!
        Fast Carl Zeiss lens. 
        Two words: Memory Stick!  Also, good battery life, incredible picture quality.
        5 Megapixels, IR pics in total darkness!, JPG + MPG video!
        5 Megapixel.  3 shot burst.  Manual control.  Best Pro-sumer digital camera.  Good battery performance.
        Awesome pictures, ease of use and wonderful features.
        Great image quality and lots of options.  Fast adjustment of features like shutter speed.
        Long battery life, 5.0 megapixel, autofocus, nightframe features
        Picture quality, features, battery life, use of "standard" Sony parts - MemoryStick, battery, etc
        Best lenses, lots of battery, easy use,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;good for the price.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Excellent images, great battery life, fast Lens, start-up/cycle/shutter lag times, night-low light capabilities, and price.
        Amazing lens from Carl Ziess! 5 megapixels to work with! A 5X zoom!
        Great pictures, good battery life, price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Takes great pictures, Takes pictures FAST, AMAZING battery life, and has a great lens!
        Fast lens, fast startup time.
        A GOOD GOOD PORTABLE CAMERA IS RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOUR EYE'S
        takes good pictures
        Great Pictures! Great battery life.
        Crisp, detailed images. Nice 5x Optical Lens. Comparatively affordable.
        Great pictures, lens, features, best (for now)
        5 Mega Pixles, Features, Zoom, Style, Brandname, screen, batteries.
        Great SLR like performance and quality without all that film
        Professional quality, more features than you could ever wish for, excellent quality of photos
        Amazing Picture "quality."
        Quality Images, Lots of Features, 
        Lens, build quality, many features and beautiful pics 
        5 Megapixel, Full Auto, Full Manual
        Lens, Image Quality, value for the money!
        Incredible image quality.  Nightshot!  Can be fully manual.
        Good quality photos.  Good battery life per charge.  5X optical zoom.
        Magnificent image quality, great lens, zoom range, battery life, low light performance.
        Great product! Incredible pictures! Very happy with my purchase. 
        you become more involved with the picture making process
        Picture, Simple 
        Well built, easy to handle, and takes great photos.
        Decent amount of pixels at a good price.  LOTS of extras.
        Takes Great Photos
        FANTASTIC PHOTOS, LOADS OF FEATURES, 10X ZOOM, VIEW FINDER
        Great lens, spot meter, night picture,  good color rendition except flash 
        5.24 MP, Dual LCD Screen/Viewfinder
        HUGE resolution 5 megapixel!  More zoom than average, easy to use.
        Titanium case, great pictures in auto mode, InfoLithium battery, 5 megapixel resolution
        This camera is fast, easy to use, and has a terrific zoom.
        Professional features, outstanding quality, excellent battery life
        Excellent picture quality...the Zeiss lens is awesome!&amp;#3;
        Long Battery Life, User friendly features, 
        Carl Zeiss Lens, many "pro" features, Great price, Night framing/Night Shooting, Extremely flexible, 
        Lots of manual settings, 58mm lens/filters can be used
        Swivel Body - Hologram AF - Fast - Night Framing - Battery Life
        Night Shots, Easy to use, High Quality
        Excellent photo quality with a lot of features!
        Fit, Quality, Ease, LCD, Lens, Battery, Controls, Menu And Sony Reputation For Quality. 
        There are wonderful options that you just can't get on other cameras.
        Excellent images, great battery life, fast zoom lens 
        Great camera!
        Sturdy, excellent pictures, LCD viewfinder, design.
        Fast, responsive, relatively easy to learn and use. 
        InfoLithium Batteries, Memory Stick Pro, Carl Zess Lens, 5.24 MP
        Controls, ease of use
        Features, Photo quality, size
        Incredibly sharp images. User-friendly. GREAT CAMERA
        Well engineered, quality, hi-res  system. This Sony is a solid step in that direction!  
        5.24 MegaPixel, Carl Zeiss optics, multiple shutter speeds, the ability to take mpeg movie clips.
        Unsurpassed quality for pictures
        amazing pictures. the battery never runs out. lots of options.
        IMAGE QUALITY!!!, Macro, AF, speed, lens ring, pretty all, , , , , , Battery, Price
        Cool zoom, night shots, lazer focusing, 
        EVF, ergonomics, in-camera editing features, flexibility, 
        Lots of features
        Excellent quality photos even for beginners, nightshot, infolithium battery
        Takes Beautiful Pictures
        Great pictures, ease of use, New Pro memory sticks
        Phenominal image quality; awesome features; ultra-cool low-light photo quality
        Zeiss optics and smooth reliable operation
        vivid colors some what clear pictures.
        Creativity booster; Great battery life; easy to use and great picture resolution
        very compact, easy to use, pretty good picture quality, &amp; fun special effects
        Small size, good looking
        small size, digital viewfinder, memory stick, great picture quality
        Small size, lots of features
        Compact, excellent pictures, optical and LED viewfinders, easy to use &amp; download, MPEG movies
        Compact self-enclosed design, long bettery life, can achieve great photo-quality. 
        You dont have to waste your money developing unwanted pictures.
        Many features, easy to use, excellent photo quality
        Small reliable and backed up by Sony (at a premium price)
        Beautiful, small, quality pictures
        Good if you are into EXPRESSIONIST ART PICS
        Just about Everything!
        size, picture quality, oh did i mention size
        USB Camera, Small, Compact Design
        Compact, Super Hi-Res Pictures, Wide range of functions, Easy of Use
        Small Size, Infolithium Battery, Metal Design
        Size, portability, hi-rez, MPeg options, USB, Li-Ion battery
        Nothing ventured, everything gained
        Compact size, lightweight, very much great possibilities, easy to use, familiar menu, good battery life
        Small, light, sturdy, relatively inexpensive for a digi-cam.
        small &amp; comfortable  size.  Easy to use menus.  Great looking pics.  Many Features.
        Size, features, Marine Pack option
        Small, handy, memory stick, USB
        Small size, great features, and awesome pictures
        size
        Size, ease of use, memory and battery change speed, picture quality.
        Ease of use, Picture quality
        Small, good quality, 3.3 Megapixel, long battery life
        All the features in a compact case!
        Very portable, industry standard image quality, plenty of features.
        Looks, Functions, Battery
        Small Size, Does Stills and Movies w/ sound, lots of menu options&amp;#9;
        Downloading Pictures, Ease of Use, Picture Quality. 
        Small, sturdy, great quality, simple to use, clear screen
        Size, picture quality, pc interface, lcd screen, ease of use
        Pocketable; easy to whip out and shoot.
        High resolution CCD, Many features, Easy-to-Use, Small, Portable, Quality Lens, 
        Small and Compact, Lots of Features, 3.3MPixels
        small,very high quality pictures,great at time exposure, very good micro
        Small Size, Battery Life, Auto lens cover, MPEG Movie 
        Small form-factor
        Small size, Light weight, Long-life Battery 
        Very sharp, clear image. Fast shots on moving objects. Un-limited video clips. Sharp night shots.
        Pretty camera! Takes great pictures! Many features but still easy to use!
        easy to use, takes great pictures
        Size, quality, and great pictures
        Small, Lightweight, Many accessories including underwater case,Versatile
        clarity, great flash, infolithium battery
        the size, 5Mpixels, VGA-video, the ergonomy
        Small, easy to use, High resolution, great quality, many formats
        Compact size and very good video for a still camera
        five megapixels with P&amp;S ease of use
        Compact, 3x optical zoom, 5MP, easy menu driven handling, simple image transfer to PC process
        Everything! 
        Inexpensive, great LCD resolution, and versatile file saving.
        Price and ease of use.
        Great Price, Amount of Features, Ease of Use
        Great quality pictures, lots of features, inexpensive expansion
        Great quality images, very cheap for it's features and capabilities, takes videos.
        Features
        Small, lightweight, 1.3 Megapixel, Mpeg mode
        Relatively Cheap, Memory Stick Reader/Writer Drive, Ease of Use
        nice LCD display. very simple to figure out how to operate without needing instructions. 
        Size, price and quality.
        Sony quality - most bang for your buck
        Inexpensive, compact
        Very easy to use, good image quality
        Good resolution for the price
        Can't think of any
        Easy to use, USB interface.
        Good price, Good pictures, Nice Size.
        Great pictures, records movies, easy to use and transfer pics to computer
        Inexpensive, Decent Picture Quality, InfoLithium Capability, MPEG Movies
        Easy to use. A lot of accesories, memory sticks are cheap
        compact, inexpensive, great photos, great lcd screen, impressive night illuminator.
        Inexpensive, best quality for price, very compact, cool looks
        Compact size, lots of programming options
        Nice features available.
        6x precise zooming,good value for money,37mm thread for lenses etc.
        Excellent Quality - both camera and photos
        compact and light, wonderful pictures, easy to use
        Small size, rechargeable batteries, excellent picture quality, Sony Reputation
        Comes with rechargeable battery and charger.
        Great price.  Very easy to use.
        Nice features and good included goodies for the price.
        Small, compact, good quality
        Great LCD display, great features on the camera, easy to use
        Light &amp; solid. Easy &amp; straight-forward to use. Crisp LCD viewfinder, fast bootup/shutdown
        Size, features, value, quality.
        Easy, Small, Light, Good Quality pics, 2.0 megapixel, Power save, Auto everything!
        Nice size, Good quality photos, Solid build, Good quality video
        Inexpensive, Good picture quality, Good battery life, Comfortable in the hands
        Exceptional value for money. 2MP Picture Quality. Sony Build Quality &amp; Reputation
        Nice size. Good battery life. Easy to use.
        Very easy to use, high quality pictures at a great price
        Very easy to use, even for those of us who are not "technology savvy".
        Good price, high resolution, good display, sleek design
        Easy to carry, lightweight, great pics, awesome features for such a small camera
        Good picture quality, BRIGHT FLASH, good movie mode, AV out, nice LCD screen
        Easy to use.  Great pictures for the price!
        Affordable, Compact, Easy to transfer to computer
        Great picture quality, features, uses Memory Stick, records movies, includes charger and batteries.
        Long lasting, durable, compact, good price, not annoying to use/easy to use
        Cheap but great quality. Pretty easy
        Tiny size, battery life, well-lit images are excellent.
        Great quality photos, amazing durability, compact, easy to understand, great image options. 
        small, magnesium case, sharp pictures
        Most compact and lightweight.  Fits in your pocket.
        Elegant design, compact size, easy to use, custom settings, great lighting
        Compact camera that takes great pictures and MPegs (/w sound)
        Great pictures, very easy to use. Small!
        Compact size, Easy to Use, Mpeg, Self-Time, UNDERWATER HOUSING AVAILABLE!!!
        Excellent Image Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Solid Build&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Automatic lens cover&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Unlimited length movie clips
        Picture quality, features, connections, USB, resolution
        High res, excellent pics, movie mode w/ audio, TONS of features.
        Small size, rechargeable battery included, excellent quality
        Great quality pics,compact and a great buy at $400
        3.2MP resolution, USB, crystal clear pictures, compact, rechargeable battery, Self-Timer, movie mode for $250
        Small size, ease of use, quality of photos with bright light
        good picture quality, easy to use, handy moon light shot in dark places
        Great price and features
        small, lightweight, can hold a LOT of pictures with 128 meg memory stick, video feature.
        Great Sony quality, clear images/resolution
        Easy to use. Excellent pictures. Cool looking!
        Easy to use, good picture quality.
        Takes brilliant daytime photos, good features, additional filters/lenses available...
        User friendly camera with excellent daytime photo quality.
        Great pictures, nice movie mode, small, easy to use, 
        size, daytime quality, adjustability
        Sony quality. Ease of use. Decent pictures. Loads of fun.
        A lot of camera for the money., 
        Easy to use, great features, light weight, excellent rendition.
        None
        Sony picture quality, Cool filters, Movie feature
        Quick and dirty, good number of features for the $$.
        Compact, Easy To Use, Good Pictures
        Nice Photos
        Easy interface; great pictures; great Sony name; movie mode
        Picture Quality, lots of features
        Good image quality, Loads of functions, Video out function useful, 
        size, computer connectivity, focus at distance
        viewfinder is a must. Can use AA batteries 
        Cool appearance, great pics, simple to operate, video mode, great handling
        Compact, full of features, easy to use, excellent pictures.
        2.1 megapixels, long 6x zoom, macro setting, adjustable resolution, small, lightweight
        Fun design, great features
        Price, large LCD, Easy operation
        small, light, great picture quality, great features.
        Good value for money for 2.1 MPix camera. Battery life longer than expected.
        Compact, zoom lens, quality pictures
        Outstanding image quality, excellent battery life, easy to use, stylish &amp; compact design
        Lots of features, LCD screen
        Compact, Has an LCD screen, Lots of features.
        light weight, great picture quality, best bang for the buck!
        Low price, great quality, small, many features
        compact, 2 megapixels, works well with my MAC!!!
        Easy to use, good quality images, nice features, good for most people
        nice size and shape,great features
        Great Features, Small, Great Image Quality
        easy to use, plenty of bells and whistles
        Features, Size, Memory Stick capacity
        Easy to use, Great image quality, Battery lasts a long time, 
        Easy to operate, plug n play.
        Sony Brand Name, small, light, memory stick, sharp pictures, easy photo review.
        Ease of use (when working)
        Excellent picture quality; easy to use features; long battery life
        Compact and consistent with great photos
        My Sony P51 Cyber-Shot worked great while it worked!
        Compact size, ease take pictures, ease to download into computer.
        It takes pretty good pictures.
        Good Price, Great Resolution, Great Colors
        Quality construction, great features, terrific pictures, flexibility, compatibility
        Compact with lots of features, easy to use.
        Movie mode; sepia &amp; B&amp;W, user-friendly, optical zoom, rechargable batteries
        great features, great battery life, great size
        Great quality pictures. Very easy to use.
        Very user friendly for a first time dig-cam user.
        Can take digital pictures as well as short videos.
        Picture Quality,Makes great enlarged photos, comes equipped with rechargeable batteries and charger.
        High resolution, easy to use, rechargeable batteries, can record movies
        Lightweight, easy to use in auto mode, great picture quality (SONY(R) lens),long battery life 
        picture quality, price, ease of use
        Easy to use, Small size, options seem endless
        Crisp pictures, Stylish, Easy Connection, User Friendly, 
        Easy to use. Amazing video clips, with audio.
        Stylish, lightweight, Fantastic 3.2 MP quality, with video audio recording
        Clear pictures great color, small size ease of use
        Small enough to fit in your pocket. Lightweight and easy to use
        Great photo quality, and shutter speed.  Battery life is the best I've seen!  
        variety of options, quality is superb.  
        Stylish, easy operation &amp; transmission to computer.
        good balance of features, price &amp; size
        Easy to use, compact in size, instructions are easy to understand
        Small, Light, All the Features you need and then some
        Good camera for under $400.  Small but durable
        Great price for what you get. Neat little package.
        Size, Ease of use, Picture Quality
        Good Picture Quality, Zoom, Video cable for TV slide viewing.
        good picture quality, easy to use, excellent in low light and action
        Image Quality, Size, Memory Capability, Look &amp; Feel
        Batteries! You need only two, they give long life, they are supplied.
        Great Camera, HQ Images, Good Battery Life and excellent Charger option.  Overall good Camera!
        Impressive zoom capability, handy size and weight, night scene facilities useful
        Quality, Size, Memory, Weight
        Compact design, easy to use, great picture quality
        It was easy to use. The "movie" feature has extended shooting time.
        Professional picture quality., Small Size., Many functions!
        Compact, Easy to Use, LCD Screen provides great previews
        Lightweight &amp; easy to hold.
        Quality components. Small size and excellent overall photo quality.
        Nice, compact, decent pictures and lots of user controls
        Nice size, fast, nice features, nice photos and fairly long battery life...
        Ease of use, lightweight, great pictures, Ability to take pictures fast.
        Easy to use
        Excellent photo quality, extreme ease of use, SONY styling., 
        Really easy to use.  Excellent quality photos.
        Excellent pics, extremely easy to use.
        Uses 2 standard AA Batteries. High quality photos and good zoom.
        Great pictures, autofocus illuminator, sturdy, camera "feel," compact, simple, battery life, easy connectivity.
        Superb picture quality.  Comfortable design.  USB connection = fast downloads.  Low-light shutter function!
        Low price for a VERY GOOD QUALITY
        Great point and shoot for the amateur., Advanced features for the more experienced.
        Great picture quality
        excellent photos, long battery life, video capture, compact size
        Good size, takes excellent pictures in natural lighting, faster shutter speed than some,good price.
        Great picture quality, Good battery life
        Easy to use, expansive options
        great pictures quality, good usability, light
        brand,service, function,flash,software,colour,Memory Stick,
        Very easy to use, Great image quality.
        Great picture quality. Excellent low-light performance.  Easy to use.
        Quality LCD Screen, no shutter lag, excellent pictures, fantastic movies.
        Excellent starter camera.
        Easy to use, the quality of pictures are great
        Incredible image quality, easy to use, comes with all the accessories, nice user manual
        It produces the best movies that I have found on a digital photo camera!
        It has tons of great features.  You can even choose to make your picture black/white.
        3x optical zoom, you can make gif files, excellent videos
        Excellent picture quality; flexible &amp; easy picture settings
        Easy to use, not too big, not too small, great battery life
        compact, easy to use, great quality pics, it comes with rechargeable batteries and the charger
        Easy to use. Great pictures. Instructions easy to follow.
        The quality, flash modes, movie mode, look, ease of use.
        lightweight, compact,very adequate flash,good tech support,no lens cap!
        compact, sturdy, small, can take movies
        Pocket size camera, light weight,durable, simple to use, contains various features and possiblities
        Nice small size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Excellent image quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good battery life
        Small size, 4.0 Megapixels, can record video, 
        Small, lightweight, focuses in low light, bright LCD with zoom preview, excellent pictures, price.
        astonishing looks, compact and light weight
        Small, lightweight, feature loaded, protected LCD, and integrated lens cover.
        Compact, almost fool proof, being able to focus in the dark
        Easy to use, works at night, mpeg movie recording, size, memory works well with VAIO.
        Small and compact, easy to use, great quality picture, MPEG Movie mode.
        Easy to use and absolutely wonderful quality shots
        takes good up close pictures in the dark
        More rugged than you would expect.  Very high quality pictures.  Good movie capability.
        Takes high quality pics, compact
        Small size, 4 Megapixel resolution, 3 flash settings, 2:3 ratio for perfect 4X6 prints
        good zoom, good picture quality, cheap, good storage
        Good image quality. Large number of creative controls. Swiveling LCD monitor.
        Easy to use, quality photos, screen moves.
        Picture quality is the best, sharpest camera ever made!!
        rotating LCD, lens attachments, durable, it's a SONY
        EASY TO USE, SWIVEL SCREEN, GREAT PHOTOS, GREAT FOR LEARNERS
        The DIGITAL camera offers strong magnification!, 
        Image Quality, Good Zoom, Good Battery
        Ease of use, size and price
        size, ease of use, battery life
        Convenient size, zoom
        Compact, Good picture quality, good memory space
        Nice Camera young, it so tight!
        Price/performance ratio, strong rechargeable battery, optional lenses/filters
        Feature laden, great battery life, solidly built
        Compact, MACRO Imaging, Ease of Operation
        battery life, image quality, durability, functional, easy to use.
        Ease of use, small
        small and easy to use
        small size, rechargeable batteries, good zoom, great playback, easy to use
        Extremely perfect quality, lots of great features,perfect for e-mailing
        ease of use
        Moveable display
        Fantastic pictures, easy to use, small, holds many pics
        Bright 2&amp;quot; LCD screen, Compact size, Easy to use, Onboard editing features, Easy Sony menu, InfoLithium batteries, USB connection, Memory Stick media, Sony quality
        Great price, outstanding picture quality, good battery life, video output, slide show mode, TONS of extras!
        Easy to Use.  Great Crisp Clear Pictures
        USB cables, LCD screen
        2&amp;quot; Digital Screen which turns 180 degrees, Precise Clarity, Easy to Use
        Great features / USB interface / fantastic battery life / easy
        Picture Quality, Ease of Use
        inexpensive; nice built in features; computer friendly out of the box
        Durable, rechargeable battery
        Ease of Operation,  memory stick film media, versatility, image quality, extremely portable
        The New Millenium in Photography is here!
        compact, easy to use
        Included rechargeable Lithium Ion Battery pack, USB connection, Plenty of features.
        wonderful pictures, great battery life, easy to use
        Great Compact Design, Good Color, Simple Management, Expandable Memory
        Compact size, very durable, great battery life, and numerous features.
        MemoryStick format, USB connection, menu is easy to navigate, bright 2" LCD
        excellent, easy to use digital that will give you professional results for a small price
        Inexpensive, Easy to Use, USB/PC Interface Quick and Easy
        Great image size options, good quality pictures and excellent battery life.
        Lots of great features. Easy to use. 
        Excellent Pictures, zoom doesn't protrude, easy to use, excellent LCD.
        Rechargeable battery, quick USB download of photos, 15 second movies, in-camera editing of pics
        able to see and delete pictures before development, lots of features
        small, beautiful picture quality
        compact, good screen, batt life, etc etc
        great resolution, user friendly, full minute video clips.
        Versatility, small package, picture quality
        Light, sweet and really has high resolution for a great little pocket sized camera.
        The camera &amp; software are very easy to use! Better than expected picture quality!
        great photo quality in a compact design w/ video capability!
        on screen editing- clarity- zoom
        Compact, Full of features, Great image quality, Easy to transfer files, Long-life battery, MemoryStick compatibility, Sony Quality
        movie mode/ rotating LCD screen/memory stick
        Ease of Use, Features, Quality
        Long-life InfoLithium battery, Audio recording, MPEG movie mode 
        1 minute digital videos with sound&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Compact and durable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Small, convenient features, self timer, takes movies or pictures, hooks up to computer.
        Excellent Picture Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good Software Bundle&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB, Sony Memory, Tv Out &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Comfortable Feel
        Moveable/rotating LCD, Nice looking,picture editing in camera, price.
        quick and easy transfer to PC via USB cable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great quality Pictures
        A very nice camera using advance technology.
        Bright 2" LCD viewfinder, controls easy to use, decent manual control, 
        high quality lens/focus, solid feeling camera, high battery life, inbuilt charger
        Great Durable camera, Great Picture qualities-More features then other model!
        Too many to list here
        By far the best features and accessories for the price
        Ergonomics and swivel LCD
        1. good resolution 2. easy to carry 3. easy storage 4. no complicated software 5. easy to transfer onto the pc
        great picture quality, lots of features. MPEGs with sound
        Extremely good photo quality 1600x1200 !
        Memory Stick, easy to use, long battery life
        Good stills, MPEG, light, convenient
        Ease of use
        Whole package
        Features, Ease-of-use, Quality, Instant Feedback
        Zoom capability, image clarity, software
        picture quality and battery power
        Small size, good resolution
        compact, great LCD, reasonably priced, easy to use menus
        Quality of pics, size, weight
        Lightweight, easy to use, MPEG movie mode, long life battery
        USB, memory stick, zoom, movies
        Small camera; intuitive menus; great pictures
        Great pictures, MPEG-1 recording, Easy Connecting to Computer
        small size, superb pictures, portable format
        very simple interface, multi usage for memory sticks, USB link, long time battery...
        has all the goodies!
        none
        Quality and an mpeg recorder
        small, excellent resolution, long lasting battery, zoom, easy to use
        great pics, easy controls, small
        lots of features
        Accessories
        Easy to use, lots of features, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;high quality LCD screen. 
        Good picture quality, battery life, MPEG movie mode, easy to use, swivel LCD
        So easy to use, like pie!
        Great Resolution, high quality pictures, optional large storage memory sticks, rechargable battery long life
        Sony's Info-Lithium Battery, Memory Stick Capabilities, Very User Friendly
        Flip up 2" LCD screen,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Long battery life,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB transfer
        Convenient, Great pics, easy to use
        Compact, free-angle LCD, optical zoom, memory stick media, movie mode with sound.
        Compact, free-angle LCD, optical zoom, memory stick media, movie mode with sound.
        Great design, Ease of use and bright LCD screen.
        Great pictures that aren't blurry... and it's compact!
        awesome
        Selectable image aspect ratio printing, Voice Memo mode, In Camera Crop/Trim &amp; Re-Size function
        Powerful images. User Friendly. 
        don't have to buy and develop film, easy to use
        Small Great Price Movie Option
        Good LCD, MPEG capabilities
        Size, Features, Great Image Quality, Sony Brand
        Easy to use and versatile.
        Classy camera for a decent price.
        This camera produces high quality images and superior detail
        Picture quality, ease of use, zoom.
        Takes excellent photos, effortlessly!&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Amazing technical capability in compact camera.
        Great Pictures! Easy to use! 
        Nice quality, good features
        Excellent size, speed and features
        Great Picture Quality
        Great design, razor-sharp imaging, many features
        megapixels, software
        good quality camera
        Picture Quality, Ease of Use, Takes Great Movies, Has SLR settings, Long Lasting Lithium Battery, (Charger Included) Good LCD display, Has Microphone and Speaker, Great Replay Feature, USB connection included, and MORE!!!
        Takes good photos of rats.
        Extremely sharp pictures, Zeiss lens, USB support, good size, huge storage capacity, advanced exposure modes, excellent menu system, good user control, pretty good software,  
        great camera in a small package 
        Super high quality high tech camera
        Lots of features, fun to use
        Amazing photos, Carl Zeiss lens, cool features and memory stick
        Size, Picture Quality, features &amp; beauty.
        I love the quality of this camera. 
        Picture quality, price, software
        Easy to use User Interface, Compact Size, Great picture quality
        Great lens, high res imaging, small form factor
        Great picture quality, features
        superior picture quality, excellent zoom lens, great battery life
        Beautiful photos, easy to use, great exposure modes, spot meter!
        Made me want to get up and shout, &amp;quot;Thank you Sony!&amp;quot;
        6X Zoom, Incredibly Sharp Detail
        Great pictures!  Nice battery
        Great for enlargements!
        Great pictures, intuitive interface, easy to use
        small size, many features
        Great clarity
        Excellent feature set, easy to use.
        Image quality, features vs price
        rich feature; easy to use
        Small, Great Pictures, Relatively Easy to transfer Pictures to your PC
        Excellent, vivid, sharp photos
        Photo size range, external flash available, lightweight,compact, user friendly.
        Sharp Photos and long battery life
        Easy to use
        Great quality, feature packed, long 'on-times'
        Incredible picture quality.  Long battery life
        Excellent picture quality
        great pictures, unreal sound
        3.3 Megapixel, Full featured, Easy to use, Bright LCD, Excellent Battery, Excellent photo quality
        easy to use.
        Incredible detail and color saturation
        excellent quality photos, amazing resolution and realism
        Incredible Detail, Light, Nice Accessories, Ease of Use
        Quality and accuracy, numerous useful features, easy to use, great battery life, nice LCD
        picture quality,price
        Carl Zeiss lens, clear sharp photos
        High resolution, Digital video, easy to use, Multitude of settings.
        Sony has a HIT - Compact, Zeiss Lens, Long-Life Battery, Adjustable Optical ViewFinder
        High quality photo's, easy to use, very versatile, good software
        Modest size, light weight, excellent battery life, expandable memory options, Sony quality, accessories
        Great image &amp; color quality, any length movie, solid construction
        Quality of image, packed with features
        Easy to use
        Feature loaded, great images, long battery life.
        *Superb Image Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Easy to Use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Quality, Materials&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Bright LCD&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Strong Battery
        Quality, Battery Lifetime
        Manual settings, CarlZeiss lens, MPEG movie mode, InfoLithium battery
        Simple yet advanced, high quality, many options and features.
        Video w/ sound, nice pics, good looking and EASY to figure out!
        Accepts different lenses; Feels like a &lt;i&gt;real&lt;/i&gt; camera; Sharp pictures
        Nice Image Quality, Good Size, Good Video Quality
        LARGE LCD SCREEN, CARL ZEISS LENS, MANY MODES TO TAKE PICTURES IN.
        Easy to use
        Amazing picture, great lens, supplied battery, charger, numerous options
        Video, rechargeable battery, great quality, many pictures
        Excellent picture quality, flexible adjustment capability, overall feeling of durability, battery life impressive.
        ergonomic design, good color saturation, long battery life
        Easy to use, great picture quality, fast uploads
        easy to use, superb picture quality, vast range of options and features
        Fantastic, bright lens, intuitive controls (for most-used features), great picture quality
        Beautiful photos with great resolution. Easy to use. Lots of settings to play with.
        Great lens, 3.3mp resolution, 3x optical zoom, manual functions.
        Great photo quality, easy to use, won't break the bank. What more could you want??
        Easy controls, durable build
        rechargeable batteries, LCD with picture playback
        Overall Ruggedness, Battery life,Price picture clarity, ease of use.
        Great pictures, true color, rugged construction, nice interface.
        Easy to use,great pictures, compact yet fits well in hands.
        Excellent Resolution, Long Rechargable Lithium Battery life, Good Layout 
        Superb, lens. Traditional controls on Camera reduce the need for LCD menus.
        Awesome quality, great optics, good value
        powerful flash, long lasting battery, crystal clear and sharp pictures. 
        Fantastic price!  4.1 Megapixel.  Size. Features. Ease of use.
        Value &amp; Resolution are great!!! Loaded with features.
        4.1 Mp, good battery life, tons of features, easy to use
        High resolution, accurate colors, access to controls, battery life
        lens, image quality, exposure flexibility, battery life
        Olympus lens,light weight,small size, great pictures, lots of features.
        small size, clear pitcures, Olympus name
        4.1 Megapixels, excellent image quality, great price, incredible battery life, and full manual control options
        Small, easy to use, can't loose the lens cap.
        Easy to use, many options, light weight, most pictures are clear and look good.
        Easy to navigate menu
        Performance, Ease of use, Memory storage
        It is lightweight and easy to use.
        Price, image quality, movie function, no driver installation needed
        battery life, picture quality, manual controls, Carl Zeiss lens
        Beautiful pictures
        Design, Battery life, picture quality, LCD screen, features
        easy to use, great pics, reasonable battery life
        Picture Quality, Battery Life, Ease of Use
        4.1pix, battery, manual settings, accessories, black, ergonomics
        I have yet to find anything this camera does not do well.
        Excellent Quality Images, Somewhat fast processing, Great Construction
        Excellent Quality Images, Somewhat fast processing, Great Construction
        ziess lens, B&amp;W mode, mpeg mode, style
        Easier to use than other cameras. A lot of nice features. Long battery life.
        Sharp pictures; easy short movies
        Picture quality, storage, easy of use, small size, great value
        Compact, high resolution (4.1MP   Zeiss lens), excellent battery life, good LSD, generally user friendly
        Great pictures. Just great.
        easy to use , long battery life, very high image quality, large lcd screen
        Great Camera...Takes great Photos
        Movie and Sound, Great quality pictures, Easy to use
        Control every aspect of your photograph even the ASA speed.
        great photos, good movies 
        Very high resolution, full manual control, long battery life, compact
        Takes great pictures in auto mode.Excellent body and finish.
        Ease of use, Clear, accurate photos, USB interface, Lens, many useful features.
        Easy of use, Make your on video's, Multiple accessories, long battery life, Well built!
        Great images and flexibility. Long battery life.
        Compact size; ease of use
        Size, Battery Life, Battery compatible with Sony Camcorders, Picture quality and Manual Settings
        Incredibly tiny.  Sturdy build for what it is.  Decent picture quality.
        Bring anywhere, cute (people love it), fast (with small memory card) in bright light.
        Can fit in your pocket
        Small, take everywhere, easy to use, photo quality exceeds expectations.
        Tiny, Cute, Easy to use, great battery life
        size!, easy of use, cuteness
        SIZE! Speed, ease of use
        size, simplicity
        Compact, , Chick Magnet (huge cute factor), , Affordable, 
        Small size, wow factor, decent resolution.
        Ultra-compact size, easy operation, cross-platform, good battery life
        Very small, functional, reasonable battery life.
        size!!!, easy to use, battery life
        Super compact, lightweight, fun party camera
        Decent image quality.  VERY tiny and really is "pocketable".
        Tiny, Light = Wearable
        It's tiny
        Ultra cool, good resolution, excellent image quality, highly portable, uses AAA batteries
        tiny,lovely,functional, easy use.....
        Small enough to fit in your purse cell phone compartment, diaper bag, or shirt pocket.
        Small, quick, easy to use.
        Super small size, easy to use, practical
        Extremely portable design, great conversation piece
        Small size, cuteness factor
        Small size, 2.0 megapixels, and long battery life.
        Small/light weight.  , Easy transfer.  , Battery charger saves a bundle!
        \_small_/, portable, beautiful, integrated flash, very easy transfer to computer.
        Good build quality,great size, easy to use, good outdoor picts
        More than a typical point-and-shoot camera, 5 MegaPixels, many manual controls.
        5 Megapixel, Carl Zeiss Lens, NightShot, 800 ISO Speed.
        Light, small, cool and stylish. Brilliant photos. Many features.
        Size, features, build quality, picture quality, night shots, and many more to list.
        Excellent photos, ease of use, durable.
        Small size, price, hot shoe, accessories, more!
        Carl Zeiss Lens, Voice Tags, Hologram AE
        hot shoe, five megapixels, manual exposure, USB 2.0, very low noise levels, relatively quick , 
        Well constructed
        Great pictures, fast, zoom, features,  excellent size but still very small
        Carl Zeiss Lens, Hologram AE, Accessories
        5 Megapixel, fully manual or auto, nightshot, 4x optical zoom.
        The BEST home printed photos I have seen!
        unbelievable photo quality
        Ease of use, photo quality, don't need a computer
        I'm impressed!  Photo quality prints w/o cutting paper in seconds.  Everyone should have one!
        Brilliant photo quality prints. Perfect colour images. Borderless prints
        True photo quality, edge to edge printing + more
        High quality output. good speed for quality. compact supply costs are now reasonable
        Quality of prints, ease of use
        VERY SMALL, GOOD PICTURE QUALITY, WATERPROOF PICTURES, TEAR FREE PICTURES
        Excellent quality prints for publication,small desk footprint
        Looks nice
        Great Pictures. Ease of use. Great built in bonus features (passport size photos etc..)
        Incredible photo quality and a great price.  Fast and easy.
        Perfect Prints, Ease of use, tons of options, sleek styling
        Excellent, realistic photographic quality, edge to edge printing + more
        5 Megapixels, records to mini CD-R/RW discs, Carl Zeiss lens.
        Easy to use, Great LCD screen, Beautiful Picture Quality
        CarlZeiss glass lens, 5MP, records to CD-RW, reasonable lag time, large LCD viewfinder
        Excellent picture quality. Ability to store pictures directly to CD.
        Features galore, USB, CD and RCA cable viewing of photos, great battery time 
        Great camera with great pictures.
        superb crispy optics, 5 meg pictures, full VGA mpeg
        easy to aim and fantastic quality images
        Super optical zoom and CD "film" that can be swapped for various purposes
        great picture quality - easy to use - impressive zoom
        The optical zoom of 10x is very powerful.
        Gorgeous, hi-resolution pictures
        Quality, Ease of use, Versatility
        CD-R media, view online with any CD ROM, shoot and fire MPEGs
        Wonderful storage in cd!
        Very Good at close up Photography.
        Cool storage - can fit a lot of photos on the disk.
        Very comfortable to use, CDR storage feature is wonderful, good picture quality. 
        Easy to transfer pictures to your computer; requires no software or external cables
        I can take a ton of high res pictures on 1 cd
        2.1 mega pixels,1600x1200 resolution,400mm lens
        Shoot all day long, good resolution, good battery life
        Easy to learn how to use, good instruction manual, and inexpensive to use  (cost/picture) 
        Innovative Media Storage, Nice Photo features, Great Zoom and View Finder
        CD-R technology, excellent image capacity, low cost of frame, wide zoom capability, comfortable view finder
        Pictures Pictures Pictures.  The CD allows for hundreds of pictures.
        Good image quality, typical 2 megapixel &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Cheap storage
        Great storage of media, many capabilities and a well known manufacturer.
        CD-R may be the Digital Image storage media of the future.
        new technology, CD-R storage, 2.1 megapixels
        infinite storage, image stabilization, 10x zoom
        CD-R 156 mb disks!  and a great zoom
        Great Image Capacity
        Excellent zoom - CD-R drive - lower JPEG compression than previous Mavicas - SLR feel and functionality - USB connectivity - MPEG HQ
        Storage Space,  Resolution
        Storage space, Quick view on computer nothing to connect just pop in cd!!!
        image stabilization, CD medium
        Ease of use, ease of migrating files to PC or Mac
        Capacity - Ease of Use
        ABOVE
        convenience, quality, excellent zoom
        convenience, quality, excellent zoom
        Print quality images and 157meg CD file storage for large file archive.
        Innovative storage, some professional styling and photo features, zoom capability.
        Mini CD storage, Zoom Lens
        The Large Amount of Storage Space using a CD over a floppy
        Records directly to CD-R. Also doubles as CD burner, and video camera.
        Sturdy construction, Numerous features, Excellent storage medium, Fast storage
        Great picture quality. 3" CD-R/RW media. Auto and Manual settings. MPEG movies with sound.
        Great pictures, easiest digital camera to use, holds MORE pictures than any other camera!!!
        Takes great pictures - both still and video clips; great media format.
        Great Media Format, Huge storage capability, Video/Audio Output
        Rechargeable Battery!  Never a storage problem!  Great Camera!
        Unlimited storage
        Great storage format, clear pictures, ease of picture transfer.
        Easy to use,small &amp; convenient.
        Records on mini disk, good battery life, great extensive features
        Great photos, lots of features, writes to mini CDs, great zoom.
        high quality, saves pictures onto CDs, long-lasting battery, video clips
        Looks very cool, more memory/less cost, many features, still and moving pictures.
        ANYONE can use this camera! Large LCD screen, great pics!
        CD storage and MPEG capability.
        CDs convenient and high capacity, good macro mode/pictures, flexible pic size, easy to learn
        Crisp perfect pictures every time.
        CD's are convenient; image quality is excellent
        Great pics that are easy to create. CD storage is cheap
        easy menu system, loads of storage and good choice of image formats, video with sound
        Ease of use. Excellent lens. Cheap storage.
        Easy to use, Great pictures
        large and cheap storage, easy data transfer to PC
        Image quality, low cost cds,long life battery
        Quality, Stores a lot of photos at high res.
        Quality Images, Cheap storage, Sturdy Construction
        Big, cheap storage. Great exposure options. Smart battery. Great photos.
        Ease of saving the images, Great images, Stylish, Quite Sturdy
        cheap storage, crisp clear beautiful photos
        Sharp f2.0 Zeiss lens, Excellent picture quality, Cheap high capacity storage media &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        High Resolution,Carl Zeiss Lens,CD-R &amp; RW media, Great picture review  
        Uses quality CD-R storage discs which you can pop out and view on your PC.
        High quality images,stores images on either recordable or re-writable CDs,easy to coordinate with any computer
        Great Pictures, loads of features, costs only power to take pictures!
        elicits oohs and ahhs wherever it goes
        Writes directly to a CD
        Excellent quality photos, convenient mini-cdrw storage, equipped with useful options, highly recommended!!!
        storage onto a mini CDRW that is cheap and re-usable time and time again
        High Quality Pictures, Photo Resolution, Many Features, Can get several pictures on 1 disc
        Great pictures, cheap and easy media, high storage capacity
        great pictures, great resolution, great storage
        Ease of use, Great, inexpensive storage media, EXCELLENT fit for serious amateur 
        Picture quality. Extra functions allowing user created shots not just point and click.
        This camera holds lots of pictures and is good quality.
        Writes to CD-R media - Good range of resolutions to choose from
        Great image quality; cheap media
        CD Media gives maximum storage at a minimum price. Lots of options.
        CD storage, smart flash, very impressive functions, versatile
        great photos, tons of options, good battery, records on cd!
        8cm CD recorder, light weight, 4 mp, tons of features, records video, and it's Sony!!
        CD storage, 4 mega-pixels, lengthy video, a wide variety of options and features.
        Excellent quality photos, unlimited, low cost storage
        Being able to store so many photos on one cd.
         Media storage is on 8 cm CD's (inexpensive).Hold over 1000 pics! Exceptional pictures
        The storage media
        Flexible storage options (CD-R or CD-R/W, Able to use add on filters and lenses.
        Easy to use, Aparture and Shutter Priority, and of course unlimited pictures.
        Great images, great features,great storage media, great battery, great features!
        excellent photo quality and easy to use
        Ease of use, well-written instructions, versatility, storage capacity
        uses CD, adequate battery life
        Great camera to shoot many shots &amp; sort out the great shots later.
        Massive Storage and ability to view on PC without card readers or docking units
        Incredible storage capacity, very tunable, great clarity, easy to use
        picture quality, zoom
        Convenience and storage capacity; no worry about memory stick or CompactFlash; moderately priced
        Floppy disk
        Uses Cheap floppies for image storage, LCD Displays
        instant pictures, disc acceptance
        Easy to use, 3.5&amp;quot; disk solution
        point&amp;amp;shoot,delete if  you don't like
        Good quality, uses floppy discs
        Easy to use, nice quality pics
        durability, speed, compatability
        Ease of use, good pictures outdoors.
        Easy to use, good resolution, high quality.
        Easy to use long battery life.
        Images are stored on floppies
        Great Pictures
        No film, or developing, uses a floppy disk
        convenient, quality pics, long battery life
        take out disk, simple, special effects
        Price, Ease of use, 
        Simple to use
        Easy to use and price is right
        cool pictures
        Clearness,vivid pictures, ease of use
        light, portable, stores images to floppy
        Take lots and lots of pictures! If you don't succeed, try again and again!
        great price, ease of use,great results
        Organized Picture Taking Made Easy
        Versatility
        Easy to hold, use
        Simple to use, records images on floppies.
        Cant think of one
        Easy, disks are cheap or free, fun!
        Disk use
        no more film or negatives
        -
        Nice
        Good if you want to give your kids a camera
        Store Images on Floppys
        instant photos, ease of carrying, no downloading
        Easy for beginners, floppy disk storage
        Floppy storage great convenience
        built in zoom, built in flash, has many different effects to play with
        Great camera
        Ease of use, easy to understand
        use of floppies means no cables
        hiqh quality, intuitive, and durable
        Easy to use &amp;amp; does a great job
        Floppy transfer is so easy
        Very convenient, good pictures. I've been using it for more than three years
        Uses 1.44MB Discs, Easy of Use
        Standard JPEG format, 10x optical zoom, sturdy
        Stores pictures on 3 1/2 &amp;quot; disks
        Storage Medium
        Very easy to use, durable and clean quick pictures.
        Point and click use, floppies serve as film.
        Fantastic close-up capability.
        Takes incredible pictures
        easy use, super quality
        Sharp picture quality, excellent flash and ease of use.
        Easy to use. Good Pictures. Easy to open on computer. Big LCD viewer.
        10x optical zoom, ease of use, floppy disk inserts when taking pictures.
        Good, quality pictures.  Easily download pictures to print or email.
        Good, Solid Performer, Very Easy to Use
        Excellent Images
        Floppy storage
        Rechargeable battery, floppy disks
        daytime shots, privacy, no waiting to see result, instantly can be sent over Internet
        Rechargeable battery,  floppy storage, 10X lens, 
        Intelligent battery predicts remaining battery time
        fun, easy to use
        Easy to carry, great to erase bad pictures
        Uses floppy disks(very cheap and convenient), simple to use
        Easy, and the diskette is great
        5 Stars + easy to get pictures to computer
        Ease of operation; in all phases, great pictures
        See pics before you save/print/email
        Easy to use and clear pictures
        Easy use
        Simple, easy to use, convenient
        Easy to use
        easy to use and no memory card
        3.5 floppy storage, long battery, high quality 
        Floppy disk, rechargeable battery.
        Great Camera
        easy to use
        faily easy to use, great pictures, easily enhansed
        floppy drive
        easy to use
        Convenient, Windows/Mac compatible
        Easy to use, lightweight, great quality
        it is simple to use 
        Easy, fun, VERY inexpensive data storage
        &amp;quot;Killer-App&amp;quot; Floppy Drive Storage; great viewfinder; intuitive menus; Sony quality
        Easy to use, not TOO expensive
        easy to download, needs no extra cables to connect to your PC
        Standard Floppy Disks for media storage, Great quality, Ability to take lots of pictures for a little price and determine which pictures to print
        Instant viewing
        Great Archives for my work.
        10x Zoom, Standard floppy disc
        Uses standard 3.5&amp;quot; floppy
        light, easy to use....works exceptionally well
        floppy disk picture storage, easy to use, no cables/downloads
        easy to use
        Great digital images for little effort.
        Uses 3.5 floppy
        Lots of AOL discs floating around
        zoom, floppy disk, length of charge, clarity of pictures
        Super Easy of use, good value for the money,  takes good quality pictures
        ease of use, price of the camera, and use of floppy  disk
        easy to use, no extra costly parts
        great pictures, no connection needed to download, saves to disk
        fast, save on developing
        easy to use,  good quality pictures, uses standard diskettes
        Compact, good quality  sharp pictures.
        Easy to operate, even my youngest child (age 9) operates the camera with good results.
        everything about this camera is incredible!
        Can see picture right away, can store on disk
        Ease of use, no film or photo processing costs
        Durability/ Ease of Use/ Good Quality photos
        Great pics, easy to use, save pics on floppy disk
        Fast zoom, autofocus, progress indicator on-screen.
        Immediate gratification, Powerful zoom, floppy storage.
        Floppy Disk, Ease of Use
        reusable, inexpensive disk storage, zoom lens
        easy to use, saves to disk
        Floppy disks
        Just A Great Camera
        great quality, easy to use
        great zoom
        Easy to use, high quality
        Great quality fast digital pictures.
        Battery Life, Easy to operate.
        simple and cheap
        Great 
        Uses 1.44MB floppies.  Easy to use.  No more wasted film.
        simple and easy to use,cheap disks for photo storage
        Ease of operation
        easy to use, saves to floppy
        Disks are easier then film, ability to delete bad pics,
        Great overall camera
        Great pictures
        Easy to use
        Good Picture
        Easy to operate
        Value,style,convenience
        floppy disk
        Great value and look
        light weight, easy to use
        10x zoom, uses 3.5&amp;quot; disc, easy to use
        The best photos
        Sturdy
        easy of use, great quality,floppy disk storage
        Easy to use, floppy diskette storage, battery life
        LCD Screen, lighting modes, battery life, 3.5" Floppy Drive
        up close, point and shoot capabilities
        Advantage of a digital camera, easy to use, floppy disk storage
        I like all SONY Digitals!
        Ease of operation, no downloading required.
        Floppy Storage,Quick Editing,Easy to use
        Easy to use, quality 4X6 photos, Floppy disk (No USB, no memory sticks)
        An excellent camera all round with many features
        Easy to use.  Download to any pc without wires.  No software to install.
        Easy, quick &amp;amp; fast turn around!
        Easy to use, durable, reliable.
        Memory, price, battery charge life.
        Takes excellent pictures and uses a disk rather than cables.
        user friendly
        Price is coming down.
        Great portable, easy to use
        ease of use
        Easy to use
        easy to use and understand
        Light, easy to use, Floppies
        Convenient transfer of images to PC; perfect exposures
        Takes pictures in all types of lighting 
        Inexpensive, versatile, easy to operate, 
        Easy, zoom lens, no computer hookup,
        floppy disk image storage system; cost
        Ease of use, quality of pictures and savings on prints
        very convenient, great price 
        Easy use, flash, 3 1/2&amp;quot;&amp;quot; floppy, rechargeable battery, zoom, viewing screen
        versatility, quality of pictures
        Low cost, great picture quality, sturdy casing, great zoom
        Easy, Instant Gratification, Nice Pictures
        Floppy Storage, SIMPLE
        reasonable price, convenience, fair picture quality
        fairly economical for the features, easy to use, good results
        easy
        easy, easy, easy. Copy discs for friends, voila!!
        Ease and quickness of handling. Good pictures. Good zoom
        Pictures are stored on disks - easy to use.
        Awesome quality, no cords, floppy disk feature is great!
        Ease of use, great design.
        zoom, adjustable flash level, ease of use
        floppy disk storage, 3.5 standard disk; 10x zoom; rechargeable battery
        floppy disk memory medium
        Convenient, excellent for the photoholic!
        Easy to use!
        simple, gets the job done, disk drive format handy
        Uses floppy diskettes to store photos, relatively easy to learn how to use
        Takes great pictures &amp;amp; easy to use.
        great for close-up shots
        good, easy pictures.  film is a 3.5 disc.  very very easy to use&amp;#9;
        simple to use. no expensive memory stick or flash card, uses 3.5" floppy
        Allows floppy disk usage
        This camera is great for new computer and digital camera users. 
        Easy to download images on any computer.
        uses the 3.5 inch floppy disk as storage device, affordable price, rugged design,onscreen battery meter
        Easy of use.  Floppies pop in, out and into computer!
        Easy to use
        Ease of use, floppy disk driven
        ease-of-use, stores images on floppies
        floppy disc system, zoom
        easy to use, price coming down, holds a lot of photos, special effects
        Price and accessories
        Easy to use, great outdoor shots, fairly inexpensive
        EVERYTHING
        Ease of use, floppy storage
        Great Pictures, Great time saver
        Easy to use, takes great pictures. 
        10X Zoom, Floppy Drive, Reasonable price
        Easy to use
        ease of use
        Wonderful close-ups
        Cheap recording media - 3.5&amp;quot; floppy disks
        Uses a disk, no printer cable needed
        easy, nice prints, reprints, email
        use of floppy disk over memory cards
        3.5 FD Storage, 10X Zoom, 2 hour Battery life
        Floppy storage, good lens
        Ease of use, special features
        takes floppy disc and is easy to use.
        User friendly
        Ease of Use, Quality
        Ease of use
        this is a very user friendly camera.
        weight, convenience using disks, instant playback
        ease of using a floppy disk, price, quality of finished product
        Easy to use, lightweight, built in flash
        get the prints you want
        convenience
        10X optical zoom, cheap memory.
        fabulous!
        easy of use, great pictures, lots of features, the list goes on 
        fast, easy, and fun
        convenient
        zoom
        Ease of learning operation, advantage of floppy disc to store pictures
        great zoom
        Take great looking pictures with ease
        No having to download pictures to your hard drive.
        Zoom , floppy disks and ease of use
        Simplicity to operate
        Stores in jpg to 3 1/2 inch floppy disks
        It is easy to use, has many options, under $500, takes nice quality pictures. 
        Easy to use
        sony mavica's the best product for the money
        Macro lens, Zoom lens, Floppy Disk
        very simple to use
        easy to download
        Floppy Disk Storage
        Easy to use
        Picture effects, floppy disk, zoom, lens cover
        Features, ease of use and computer interface method
        Lightweight &amp;amp; 10x 
        disk size, ease of use, longevity
        Value and quality
        Ease of use, great quality photos, love the store-on-disk feature
        Floppy disk
        10x zoom, a lot of pic effects and more
        Compact size, good pic quality, ease of use
        10 x Zoom, Built in floppy drive, LCD screen, Form Fitting to you hand, you can delete the pictures you don't want from the camera, multiple picture options
        NO film developing
        Easy to use and battery stays charged for a long time
        Floppy disk storage
        Light-weight, great storage medium, impressive zoom, acceptable battery life
        Easy to Use.  
        Very well designed, floppy disk compatibility, ease of use, zoom, macro.
        Easy Disk Capability
        Easy to operate.
        Many different setting choices, can delete what you do not like off the disk, get to preview pictures.
        Simple, fast, good quality
        No Interface, Great Zoom Power, Easy to Use
        Easy to use, takes clear pictures, no developing fees, and you can send pictures online!
        EXCELLENT PHOTO'S
        Great picture quality; not too expensive; numerous useful features
        Ease of use, regular diskettes, quality
        Ease of use, 10x optical zoom
        A very nice camera, worth the money!
        Quick, compatable with many computers.
        Decent pictures, affordable, floppy disk storage
        Storage drive, write to copy feature, e-mail attachments
        Ease of use &amp;amp; price was right!
        Disk Tools on board , ease of operation
        Optical zoom, storage is easy using disks, incredibly convenient!
        Easy, Easy, Easy
        Portability, Download to Disk, Easy to Use
        fast, easy, don't have to wait for developing
        Easy to use
        Its zoom
        ease of use, inexpensive storage, good pictures.
        Low Price, ease of use
        picture quality, ease of use
        see review
        Convenient and easy to use.
        Super (the best) macro on the market.
        3.5 floppy download convenience
        Ease, ability to screen pictures
        Easy to use, floppy disks are inexpensive, great all around camera.
        Easy to use, Images saved on a floppy disc
        Easy Storage of pics, easy operation use, great for websites
        Convenient storage medium (floppy disk)
        16 pictures on 1 disk
        Easy to Use
        Disk Storage &amp;amp; Ease Of Use
        Floppy Disk Media, User friendly
        Speed,ease of use, wide zoom range
        Good price, easy to use, storage on floppy disks
        Easy to use, great price, inexpensive storage media.
        easy to operate
        convenience of floppy disks, good zoom, ease of use
        Does everything well.
        instant pictures, fast, reliable
        fast, easy, convienient
        ease to use, quality of images
        Pictures taken stored on floppy disk
        Great for  and pics of intricate items as well as photos
        Just the right amount of features, removable floppy
        easy, light, different types of photos
        Easy to operate, 3.5&amp;quot; Floppy, 10X zoom
        easy to learn how to use, ability to preview photos.
        Ease of use, quality of pictures and everything else.
        Easy to Use, Share Photos
        Easy to use, high-quality photos
        light weight and uses a floppy disc
        easy to use
        Ease of use, great quality pictures, variety of choices
        much better than a 35mm, ease of operation, plenty of features, great clarity on the LCD screen
        Stores pictures on std. floppy, makes copies in the field.
        simple and easy to use
        its digatal
        Reliable, Good Quality, Cheap Storage
        Good quality photos
        Easy to use, uses a regular computer disc, has a great zoom, nice picture quality
        Ease of use, floppy disk storage medium
        PC-Compatible Disks, Easy-To-Use, Battery Life, Special Features &amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Inexpensive digital zoom that stores on a floppy
        Cheap, Uses inexpensive floppy disks
        Easy to use, compact, durable, and relatively cheap.
        It is very easy to use.  Takes a floppy disk to store pictures on.
        Easy to ues &amp; download,nice screen &amp; zoom, erase unwanted pics
        Convenience, file size, battery life.
        Got it for a "STEAL", and the quality is fabulous
        convinent, pic and choose the pics u want
        Easy to use, moderately priced, zoom feature, preview window, and delete function.
        Price, image clarity, ease of use
        Easy to use, Quick uploads
        Saves to floppy; good for those with older computers who don't have USB connections.
        Uses a computer disk instead of film.
        Floppy disc medium, three flash settings, bright/dim on viewing panel, rugged
         No special attachments needed , 10X zoom, built-in flash, LCD viewer
        Battery life, Flash
        Batter life, ease of use
        Manual flash, automatic exposure in six differend ways, cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Stores images to a floppy disk
        Sony top-notch build quality, all the nice features, simple menus, reliable
        All of the bells and whistles.  The ability to take black and white or color.
        Easy to use, comes with a floppy drive, durable, and excellent battery life
        The floppy disk, the ease of use, chicks love it.
        Cost, 
        EVERYTHING
        Sony quality, unlimited storage, great pictures
        floppy, rechargeable battery, durable, optics
        using floppy disk, long life battery really is long life, simple to use
        Ease of use, quality, floppy disk storage
        Many different options
        Just use a floppy disk
        great
        Long battery life
        Reliable, easy, floppy is ultimate in convenience.
        Using a floppy disk then being able to use on the computer makes it easy.
        Disk switch out
        takes time to save the picture to disk, and if you are saving a MPEG on disk it takes a good 10-30 seconds to write to disk, when trying to capture multiple rapid pictures forget it, very slow.
        Excelent close-ups
        portable, take it anywhere, just pop in and go
        3.5 floppy, easy to use
        EASE OF USE!!! no cables, no wires, no fuss
        great pics
        Absolutely everything about this camera
        Easy to Use, Floppy Disk for Film, Anyone Can Use This Camera!
        Easy to use, No cable connections needed
        Floppy disk as storage media
        Saves to Convenient 3.5&amp;quot; Disk 
        Quality, flexibilty and ease of use
        diskettes are cheap &amp;quot;digital film&amp;quot;, good for web sites, easy to use
        it's cool, you can erase bad pictures
        very easy to use, portable, fast, Awesome!
        Ease of use, many functions
        use to take places and you get great pictures
        Great pictures, easy storage
        Loads on disk,great resolution,easy to use
        speed, reliability, floppy disk...
        Takes a 3.5&amp;quot; disk
        Excellent quality at a reasonable price.
        Very easy &amp;amp; fun to use, Great picture quality, Floppy disk capability, Sony quality 
        Uses floppy disks
        Floppy discs
        speed, ease of transport to PC, quality of pictures, worth the difference
        EVERYTHING
        Stores images on regular floppy disk, Sony Reliability
        Easy to use, video feature, picture preview, no cables 
        simplicity
        Ease of use, Floppy as film, MPEG feature, Built-in image effects
        Great quality, features, durability and ease of use.
        Durable, Reliable, Good Photos
        Easy to use
        Robust, very easy to use, good overall quality. Use of floppies is cheap and easy.
        high quality, ease of use, stores pictures of floppy disk
        Easy to use.  Floppy's go straight from camera to PC for editing &amp; emailing.
        Great potential, great price, great feel, great everything.
        great clearity, decent price
        Easy to use, great pictures, versatile, no "special" cards are needed to hold pictures
        Easy to use. Great quality pictures. Simple image transfer process. Good menu system.
        Durability, good camera
        Handy, very easy to use, floppy disks for easy transfer, durable
        CLICK BUTTON WORKS! 
        So easy to use, I didn't need the manual.
        Gorgeous images, loaded with features, cheap floppy disk storage, and no cables or downloads necessary!
        very easy and affordable to use
        ease of use, light weight, portability
        Very easy to use.
        Ease of use
        Floppy media, optical zoom, Mpeg capability
        flexibility, easy use
        Ease of use
        Easy to use, great photos, the prints even turned out wonderfully
        Inexpensive photos,  rugged body,
        use to e-mail photos, no film!,view on tv 
        FLOPPY DISK FOR EASY AND VERSATILE ACCESS, MPEG MOVIE FEATURE
        Ease, quality, battery power, FEATURES, in a Class buy itself
        Ease of use, importability of pictures into most any system
        Easy to use, uses floppy discs
        Disk memory, battery, ease of use, picture quality
        Simple &amp;amp; easy to use!
        EASE OF USE, GREAT PHOTOS
        Great pictures
        Rechargeable battery, easy to use
        Easy to use, multi functional
        Great picture...easy to use
        cost effective, fun &amp;amp; easy to use, rechargable lithium battery, custom-made options
        Easy to use, very versatile, excellent picture
        Great Picture Quality, ease in use
        Ease of use, quality of pictures
        Ease of use, Convenient floppy storage, Terrific features, including MPEG movies
        Easy to use, Easy to Learn, Quality Photos
        easy to learn, uses floppy,play back,good for e-mail
        Great pictures. Very easy to use.
        Easy to use, great pictures, versitile, no "special" cards needed to hold pictures
        memory price -- uses diskettes
        Easy to use
        Easy disk access
        Easy to use, fairly inexpensive, good indoor pictures and I love using a floppy for storage
        No film, No film developing costs, convenience
        excellent results, low maintenance costs, floppy disks which are cheap 
        Ease of use, standard recording medium, macro and telephoto lens, video.
        easy to use, quality photos,ready for viewing or e-mailing immediately
        EASE OF USE
        Great resolutions
        Good pictures, ease of use, ease of development, e-mail, quality
        Ease of use
        FLOPPY DISK !!!!!, durable
        See above
        Easy to Use, 60 Seconds of Video, Operates via Floppy Disk
        Easy to use, simple to transfer images to computer
        Easy! interface!
        handy floppy disk
        Easy to use, good quality picture, zoom
        Ease of use, high quality technology.
        ease of use and versatility
        Convenient and Ease of Use
        Easy to use, Uses floppy disks, no extras needed to get up and clicking
        Instant pictures that look great
        Quick access to pix, easy to use
        Ease of use
        Uses a disk instead of uploading with cables, etc.
        ease of use 
        Immediate access to your pictures with the 3.5&amp;quot; floppy disk feature
        Great ZOOM, Built in Floppy Drive, Pictures Small Enough To Email
        Price, Floppy Disk Drive, Battery Life, Shares battery with Sony Hi-8 Video Camera
        uses floppy disk, easy to use
        beautiful pictures
        fun and easy
        the pictures look spectacular
        new age photography
        Longer-lasting rechargeable battery, video clips and stills, floppy disks usable with many computers
        everything about the camera is great
        everything
        easy storage on simple floppy
        great picture quality and easy to use
        Good quality, easy to use, uses 1.44 floppies
        No film
        Can take memorable pictures
        Extremely easy to use
        Simple to use, takes great pictures, uses 3 1/2&amp;quot; floppy disks
        Quailty Photos
        Fast, clean, good colors, convenient
        great variety of photo options !
        special features, easy 3.5 disk storage
        Quality, recording on disquettes
        Floppy Disc Interface, MPEG Capabilities, 6X Zoom
        Easily operated
        floppy disk storage
        easy to use, quality of pictures, battery life
        Fast, easy to use, unlimited cheap storage
        Floppys  for  film  AND  easy  to use!
        Floppy Disk Film, Easy to Manage, Great Quality Pics, Large LCD Viewport
        GREAT floppy format, TV out, high res, good LCD, great features
        ease of use, great clear photos, feels good in the hand
        Easy, great quality, love the disk in/out feature
        Easy to operate, uses floppy disks for film
        GREAT picture quality. Floppy disk access is fast and very conveninent
        rechargeable battery, zoom lens
        High Quality Pictures, Easy to Use, Floppy Format, Great Price
        Storage on Floppy Diskette
        good quality pictures and movie clips
        Endless battery life, nice feel, plenty of features and great resolution
        good price. ability to take 15 second MPEGs.
        excellent picture quality, long battery life, many extra features
        Price, Quality, Design, Easy to Use
        Picture quality, Diskettes
        Ease of use, no film, easy to use media
        EVERYTHING ELSE
        great quality. Easy to use. The best on the market
        Easy to Use, Sharp photos, good interface
        Takes great pictures, makes short movies, very easy to use! 
        Ease of use, features 
        Ease of use
        Love the pictures it takes!
        Easy to use, Inexpensive storage media
        Crisp, clear photos with extreme ease of use
        An all around good camera...easy to use
        A lightweight and friendly camera that makes for snapshot taking and easy use.
        ease of use, convenience
        Macro lense allows photos as close as 3 inches.
        Floppys are cheap, good resolution options
        feature packed,nice price
        Floppy disks, movies, great photo quality, timer, tons of modes and features
        Great pictures, easy to use
        Easy to use,  Readily available film, Great viewer, ability to take MPEGs,  durable
        Wonderful Camera
        Great Pictures, Uses Floppy Diskettes, MPEG1 Videos
        Easy to use - great shots
        Love the motionless zoom!
        Photo viewing, floppy disks, light weight
        picture quality excellent
        Floppies, easy-to-use, great quality pictures
        Ease of use, Big LCD screen
        Inexpensive storage media, disk copy tool, video as well as still images
        easy to use, floppy
        user friendly
        Convenient, easy to use, good photos
        User Friendly
        excellent quality
        Easy, many controls
        Easy to use, great pictures, love the floppy.
        lightweight, easy to use
        Easy to use, fast, cheap to use, comes with it's own battery charger.
        Easy to use and cost productive
        EASY! Great pictures and video, too!
        To good to be true.
        floppy drive, easy to hold, easy to operate
        Instant results, great pictures, clear pictures, easy to operate, 
        Easy to use, very compatible (mac or PC) rugged and dependable.
        simple to use, excellent pictures, uses standard size discs
        Great Pictures,Floppy Disc
        Quick, Easy, Great Pictures, No Film to Develop
        Very easy to use
        Floppy Disk Storage, LCD Panel to see Pictures
        Takes excellent photos, convenient storage on disks, works with both PC and Macs
        Easy and Fun to use.  No software to worry about
        good solid camera with floppy disk option
        Good quality pictures, stores on floppy disks
        Easy to use floppy disk storage, user friendly.
        Floppy format simple and inexpensive.  Computer chip does amazing job compensating for poor light.
        Easy to use, reliable, fun!
        Quality photos, great close-ups and night photos.
        Great Picture quality even at 1.3 Megapixel. Floppy disk, nice LCD, MPEG, Lots to list.
        Good image quality, easy to use, instantly accessible photos.
        Great starter camera. Easy to use plus advanced features.
        Simplicity and reliability.  Uses commonly available "consumables"
        No waiting to get prints processed
        So many Features
        Floppy drive for easier transfer between other computers.
        quality photos, stored on diskette
        Easy to use, inexpensive, affordable media
        Floppy disk, good colour
        High Quality images
        Quality Digital Format
        neat technology
        same as fd81, easy of use 
        great quality, no film or developing costs
        Quality, Features, Ease
        Extremely versatile camera.
        Very easy to use,Great quality pictures&amp;#13;&amp;#10;floppy disc drive makes downloading fast
        Easy enough for beginners, plus lots of options for advanced users.
        Send pictures in email from any computer immediately
        Uses a floppy disk, easy to use
        Easy to use, floppies make for easy transfer, takes abuse well
        Easy to use, Uses standard floppy disk.
        It's just so SIMPLE to use!!!
        LOAD PIC'S ON FLOPPY DISC
        Able to make Movies, All on Disk (no more film), Great Zoom, and Much More!
        stores on floppy disk; a universally available device, wonderful zoom, you can shoot movies too!!
        great pictures and easy to use
        EZ 2 Use
        Perfect for the internet, no cords or flash cards
        excellent picture quality
        storage medium, battery life, ease of use
        Small, light weight, high quality photos
        Wonderful Camera
        Great zoom 16x, storage on floppy disks, good pictures
        Very Easy to use 
        Zoom is very good 16x - Floppy Disk saves - MOTION !
        The ease and simplicity of getting pictures to your computer.
        Usability
        Floppy Disk technology
        All around excellent
        Did I tell you about the floppy disks?
        zoom, mini movie, Sony=high quality
        Ease of use and accessibility of images
        Ease of use.
        user friendly, easy to learn, good quality on-line photos
        Ease of use, No computer ports used, 
        Floppy Disk Storage and much more 
        Does every thing I wanted in a camera
        use floppy disks
        16x optical zoom, mpeg, great resolution, easier to load floppies onto computer
        quality of images; ease of use
        ease of use, convenient storage media, lots of cool features
        Easy to hold and operate
        Simple, good quality
        Hi-res, convenient file transfer, high magnification, great color.
        great for family use and business use
        Easy to use and lightweight
        Floppy Drive for Data Transfers
        long battery life (1 1/2 hrs)
        great pictures and reasonable price
        easy to use ...  not for professionals
        everything
        Ease of use - definately
        Easy to use, fun to use, and it uses the 3 1/2&amp;quot; diskettes
        3.5&amp;quot; disk, Battery life is good
        Floppy disk media, smart flash, great value
        This is a high-quality camera and is recommended by experts
        Great Pictures, Easy of loading into a PC with diskette, 16x Zoom, 1.3 Mega Pixels
        Hella Nice Zoom, Uses Disks, Good Quality, Can do motion
        Excellent camera
        Versatility, picture quality, convenience
        Easy to use, floppy disk storage
        Ease of use and low long range cost
        Easy to use
        great photo quality, uses floppys to store pictures, easy to use
        floppy disk use; easy deletion; solarizing flowers is beautiful!
        Floppy Drive
        Floppies, zoom, clear pictures
        Very easy to use.  Takes great pictures.
        Quality pictures, not bound to the computer!
        Extremely easy to use, floppy disks are dirt cheap.
        storage medium, battery life, ease of use
        floppy drive on the camera itself
        great pictures/ease of use
        cheap, floppy disks
        Inexpensive &amp;quot;development&amp;quot; of photographs, excellent quality (if you choose that setting) and more!
        records to floppy, long zoom, mpeg record capability, LONG battery life.
        versatile, works with PC and Mac, comes with image enhancing software
        Flawless Operation, Beautiful Pictures
        Ease of use, convenience of floppy storage, display, optical zoom, interface
        Simple file storage, Excellent digital performance
        Playback of pictures saved on a floppy
        functional,easy to use
        Floppy drive, rechargeable batteries
        Almost everything
        Convenience of floppy disk storage, no film, great rechargeable battery.
        Super-easy to use
        Easy to use.  Good quality still photos with various options in-camera.
        Perfect for the technically impaired-easy to use, no hook up needed.
        Unlimited ability to take photos, sharp, crisp, easy to use, Macro ability
        Great picture quality, instant gratification! Lots of bells and whistles!
        Large LCD Screen, InfoLithium Batteries &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Ease of use, Excellent photos, MPEG capability, Instant feedback
        Digital, regular 3.5" floppy disks, easy to use
        Easy to use, See your photos immediately
        Easy to use, good quality pictures, Cheap storage media
        3.5 floppy goes into any computer, delete bad pics, good 16x zoom
        Quality / Dual Storage facility / Movies with Audio and more....
        easy, clear, hi-res, mini-video camera too
        3.5 inch floppy
        Sony's battery
        Increased Zoom, Manual Focus
        versatility of camera features, including manual focus, storage media, quality of images
        Durable, trustworthy and resolution is acceptable
        zoom, battery life, ease, quality, MPEGS
        No additional hard/software needed
        easy to use
        Excellent photo quality.  Satisfactory battery life.  MPEG compatibility
        large, bright LCD, video and audio capabilities
        Floppy drive; easy of use; loaded with options
        Diskette storage, long battery life, quick recharge
        Uses ordinary cheap floppies to store high quality pictures
        Camera is so user friendly. Has all the options. 
        Many options. Clear pictures. 
        Uses floppy disk, battery life, simple to use.
        This camera is a great step up from the Sony MVC 71 series
        color LCD preview screen, records to standard floppy disks, shot-steadying feature, video recording capabilities
        Zoom, Picture Quality, Ability to Create MPEG's, Email JPG Function
        Many Many features
        Low cost for media and ease of use
        no cables required means easier to use
        Quality photos, 3.5&amp;quot; diskette media storage, 14x zoom, steady shot, auto-focus
        3/5 inch floppy
        Uses a floppy disk    Still shots or short movie  
        High definition, batteries last up to about 4 hours.
        Zoom, LCD display, long battery life, pictures on floppy
        mini movies,sound, uses disks, 14x zoom
        Fun to play with, bells and whistles
        &amp;quot;instant&amp;quot; web shots, great lens, convenient floppies
        ease of use,picture quality,privacy,features
        14x zoom, easy to use, great photos
        Ease of use, convenience of 3.5&amp;quot; disk, picture quality
        floppy disk drive, steady shot, excellent picture quality
        Great Quality Photo's, Ease of Use, Floppy Disk Feature
        instant, easy playback/email, great zoom
        Photos instantly on disk
        Writes to floppy, Large Zoom
        Easy to use
        Easy to use, 3 1/2" Floppy compatibility.
        Full features of most SLR's.  External flash option
        Good Versatility, Lots of Options, MPEG Recording Ability, Floppy Drive (No PC Hardware Needed)
        gadget options, design
        Uses floppy disks, 14x optical, stabilized zoom lens
        Good image quality, Fun video feature, AWESOME feel
        Quality pictures, lithium-ion battery, zoom
        Easy to use, diskette storage is simple
        infinite, free storage, 14x steadyshot optical zoom, 2-hour rechargeable batteries
        See above.
        Convenience, ease of use, zoom lens
        Light, convenient, great zoom
        Floppy disk-easy to use
        Easy to use, great zoom
        Disk Drive Access, Zoom Lens, Rechargable Battery
        Convenient, quick, high quality.
        full featured, well integrated
        Excellent battery life, unlimited storage
        Movie mode
        User-Friendly, Audio/Video record, Stable Shot, Zoom
        Floppy Disk
        Pics go on 3.5&amp;quot; floppy, thats the only film
        Ease of use, floppy disk format
        Easy to learn, easy to use, takes great shots
        Quality photos and very versatile.
        Convenience, versatility, reliability
        Floppy disks, easy to use.
        features, ease of use, use of floppy disk
        Great Pictures, Ease of Use, Diskette Saves
        picture quality
        Easy and so fun
        Best optical zoom available, floppy media
        Zoom, Diskette, size, real camera, video
        Floppy disc storage media, 14x zoom (With steady shot), manual aperture and speed control
        Good resolution, floppy storage, 14x Zoom, Sound/Movie modes
        Ease of use, Floppy disks are transfer media, MPEG Capable
        great all around camera
        telephoto lens, floppy disks, flexibility
        private pictures no problem !
        easy to use, cheap media
        2x floppy disk drive and Steady Shot
        ease of use, floppies, 
        Ease of Use, Quality, Features
        Quality, Versatility Fun Factor
        Easy to use, powerful zoom
        great resolution photos, easy to use
        Great zoom, Great inside and outdoors.
        Ease of use, Floppy disk for film
        Easy to use, high quality
        zoom lens; stores images on floppies
        The best optics! Ease of use.
        Battery Life. 3.5&amp;quot; Floppy Convenience
        Easy
        Easy Floppy, Great Zoom, &amp;amp; Easy to use.
        Versatile
        Ease of use, Quality of images and videos
        easy to use, zoom lense, sony makes a good product.
        Versatility, convenience, simplicity
        Feels like an SLR camera
        dual usage
        Quality
        Ease of use, features, cheap storage
        it takes great photos
        Takes great photographs; Many advanced features; Feels like an SLR in your hands; Superior Optical zoom lens
        Floppy disk storage, Versatile, Reliable
        Great zoom,  perfect for web or email,good battery life, worth the $$
        Ease of use, great photos
        great zoom lens
        FLOPPY DISK, GOOD QUALITY PICS SENDING OVER THE WEB ,LONG BATTERY LIFE,
        very versatile, many options the 35mm enthusiast will enjoy
        Fantastic lens, easy to get to manual operation
        Removable diskette and quick charge battery
        Ease of use.
        Amazing range of options, good image quality
        Light weight, killer zoom, high quality pics, video capability
        Lightweight, good quality picture, no special software.
        Rugged, dependable, excellent photo quality, intuitive and easy interface with PC.
        Tons of options, and great quality, motion video recording, floppy disk storeage, see the pict and erase if you do not like!
        Good storage medium like all Mavicas, good compatibility.
        Great zoom, good colors
        Versatility, economical, easy to use, quality results
        Takes great pictures, comfortable to operate, and the functions are clear.
        Great SLR features &amp; unparalelled zoom
        Nice Quality, Easy to use
        Just charge the battery and you're ready to take pictures
        Easy to use, pictures are fantastic, can use floppy discs
        Excellent picture quality, comes with great software, floppy disks, excellent LCD.
        8x optical zoom, memory stick slot, advanced features.
        Versatile, easy to use
        Easy to use, versatile, great pictures, 5 second video - &lt;i&gt;Need I say more?&lt;/i&gt;
        Fun to use, great picture quality, two storage options
        quick shot, port capabilities, really easy to use, deleteable images
        Takes a nice picture.
        Excellent pics, Easy to use.
        Easy to use, high quality, versatile
        cool, versatile, easy to use, floppy disk, video
        nice entry level price, good photo quality, lots of zoom, big screen
        High quality pics, lots of zoom
        10X optical image stabilized zoom.  Simple to use.
        great quality, floppy disk storage, manual/auto controls
        Durable - High Quality Images - Night Shot Function
        Nice feel - lots of features - 10X zoom - Floppy Disk
        Great Photos/Floppy Storage
        20X zoom, loads of features, MPEG movie mode
        easy
        Plenty of good features and a lovely 10x zoom+ 52mm filter threads
        Just wonderful
        thru the lens viewer, can use floppy
        10-20x zoom is AWESOME
        Biggest zoom lens available!
        Ease of use, picture quality, convenience and price of file transfer media (floppy disk)
        good quality, easy to use
        Good Picture Quality,Floppy recording,Great Zoom
        Floppy storage, incredible zoom, view finder
        Lots of features
        All, the zoom, easy to use, and the resolution.
        Great lens, excellant quality
        Quality of photos; Ability to change aperature and shutter
        High Quality, Good Optical Zoom
        ease of use
        Nice and flashy 3.5&amp;quot; disk for film
        Excellent picture quality!
        Floppy disc is a plus, Nice Zoom Features.
        Sweet Camera, Nice Features
        The Zoom, Ergonomics, Battery Life, and Picture Quality.
        10X Optical Zoom Lens, very good resolution range, plenty of features.
        Great zoom Good Quality
        Great for distance.  Able to save or delete pictures.
        The print quality is great 
        Highest quality printer 
        high quality images, ease of use, built in ethernet
        High quality copies and low maintenance costs
        Excellent color output, easy to use, solid color technology
        Beautiful color quality
        vibrant colors, cheap prints, easy maintenance, free black ink.
        good for all types of files and formats, easy to use
        fast, vibrant colors, reliable, 
        Fast, Network Ready, Great Colors
        :  fast, vibrant colors, reliable, 
        0
        excellent quality, durable, good on consumable
        excellent image quality, large media handling, built in ethernet
        What can we say.... we think it's pretty cool :)
        Amazing quality color pages; low maintenance cost.
        Excellent reliability, a workhorse
        Ease of Use, Great Flash &amp; Zoom Options, Easy To Navigate Menus, USB
        Price, easy to use, good quality photos - perfect for web images.
        Small and easy to use.
        Inexpensive, several functions, easy to use
        Good shape. Decent price
        Easy to Use.  Lightweight.  Tough shell.  Optical Zoom.
        LCD screen, Menu,Ease of use
        Lots of easy to use features, spectacular picture quality
        Jam-packed with features, Low Price!
        3x optical zoom, video output jack, price, lens options, EV control.  
        cheap. Easy to use.
        Great pictures. Easy to use. Battery options.
        Cheap
        Quality craftsmanship, well-packaged, fully featured, sharp optics
        Good picture quality for the price.
        Great Daytime shots. Functional Status display. Good Zoom.Easy to use. Firmware upgrade capable.
        Affordable, Small, does not EAT alkaline batteries!  Excellent value. 
        Price, Size, Optic Zoom, Easy Navigation
        Price, optical zoom, bright outdoor photos.
        cheap 
        Full Featured - Easy to Use!
        Simple to use. Decent picture quality for price.
        Has a good feel to it.Good pics at med &amp; above resolutions
        Great price for great quality!
        low cost, good image quality, no additional cost for AC adapter
        Easy To Use &amp; Clear, Great Pictures!
        I think this is a best buy at about $200.
        Size, tough case, bright lcd, goof first camera!
        None.
        It gave Toshiba the bad reputation it so richly deserves.
        Speed, great outdoor pictures.
        Excellent quality pictures, very easy to use and my first experience with digital photography.
        uses SmartMedia, USB removable storage mode, RCA out
        Everything
        High quality pictures, easy to use, FAST
        Ease of Use, Quality of photos
        good price, good resolution, easy to use
        Lots of features, good quality, fairly cheap
        simple operation, great price, superb image quality
        size, easy to learn, easy to use, configurable, multi-flash and multi-frame photography, short waiting time between pictures
        Comes with everything you need, easy to use
        small, sleek, excellent picture and color quality, inexpensive
        Easy to use,small,good resolution, comes with the best software we have ever seen
        Easy to use and sharp pictures
        Fast burst photo mode
        ease of use, high quality images, fast downloads via USB
        Low price, high resolution, durable, Toshiba name, pocket siz
        good quality for a good price
        Small, lightweight
        Ease of use, many features
        Ease of use, fast transfer of photos to computer, 2 MegaPixel, AC adaptor and rechargeable battery included
        great camera, great price,  great features
        Cheap, great quality pictures
        great images and interface
        Size, quality, price, ease of use
        Picture quality/ speed of transfer/boot up
        Quick power up and simple to use, easy controls.
        ease of use, small size, easy to transfer images to the computer.
        easy, fits easily in a purse or some bigger pockets, price
        Compact and sturdy case, USB Connection, Inexpensive 2 megapixel camera
        In-camera battery recharge, picture quality at 1600x1200, USB &amp;amp; Serial, ease of use.
        Small, Quality Photos, Cheap, &amp;amp; Modular
        Size of camera, image load time, in-camera options
        picture quality, boot time, reliable, included rechargeable battery
        Fast USB connection, Can take &amp;quot;fast&amp;quot; moving photos, Instant Delete
        high resolution;built in,rechargeable battery; easy to use
        small, lightweight, solid, fast, and versatile
        inexpensive, quality picture in daylight, 2 megpixels, fast download
        Fairly easy set up and to use.
        Easy to use, rechargeable battery, movie mode, auto focus.
        zoom, fast, size, design
        user friendly, great computer pics, many menu options
        Great picture quality, rechargable battery, view monitor
        Ease of use, great bundled software
        price-easy to use-quality of picture
        Included accessories
        price, 2.1 Mpixels, movies, USB port, internal memory, 
        good price, decent photos, very easy to use
        lots of features, extra battery, can record movies
        Easy to use, VERY clear pictures
        Easy to use &amp;amp; awesome clear pictures
        Light weight, good software.
        USB download, many great features, easy to operate, fun
        good value....nice feel....versatile
        Almost as fast as film, high quality pictures, easy to use bundled software, strong durable construction, cheaper than comparable cameras, Toshiba brand, and zoom lens.
        High Quality pictures, easy to use software
        Sleek design, accessories, mail-in rebate
        easy-to-use, smart image manipulation software, good quality images
        great output, easy use, fair price
        Unbeatable value
        Good resolution, great zoom, easy to use, USB connection, great price, movie capability
        ease of use, daylight photo quality
        Easy to use.
        optical zoom, integrated flash
        Good pictures, easy to use
        easy to use, good quality
        good pictures, easy to use
        High-quality, full motion MPEG recording, multiple photo pixel selections, super-strong rechargeable battery
        USB, rechargeable battery, LCD screen, makes short videos, great software
        Great camera, cheap media, nice pictures, powerful options.
        Least expensive 2.3MP camera available
        great picture quality
        Decent image quality, cheap, USB, 128MB SmartMedia support, clear LCD
        Good picture quality
        Easy to operate, good quality outdoor pictures, sliding lens cover
        Low Cost, Easy to Use Macro Mode, Simple Menus
        Sharp vivid colors, easy use
        Great pics,ease of use,Good price
        Without all the problems, it's pretty easy to use
        Will let you know how patient you are
        Rapid Picture Functions, Ease of Use
        great pics at affordable price
        good features, appearance, price
        Easy to use
        Outstanding image quality, great options, fantastic price/quality ratio
        Nice, easy to use
        Low cost, good specs for the money.
        Excellent quality, options and ease of use with a good price.
        Excellent quality, Ease of Use
        Excellent picture quality
        Great Pictures
        Great Pictures - Terrific Price
        great image quality, low price
        Astounding image quality
        lightweight, ergonomic, great picture quality, uses smart-media memory card
        Excellent picture quality, easy to use
        Inexpensive, under $425.00.  Excellent quality, abundant features, extremely convenient, fast, good software. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Picture Quality, features, USB connectivity, included accessories
        Image Quality, Complete Package, Ease of use
        Ease of use, optics, full+timer+shutter logic + sound + video
        A tough camera that has taken a real beating from me. 
        image quality, video w sound
        Great Images and Flexibility
        Features, Price, Flexibility, quick picture taking
        Easy to use, excellent quality pictures
        Great pictures, easy to use, good price
        standard flash-sync port and complete manual controls!
        Great AVI system 
        excellent pictures even in low light, fast
        Easy to use. Fast. Beautiful
        Ease of Use, Crisp Pictures
        Cheap, combination camera/camcorder, software
        Excellent color quality, high pixel rating, makes movies and more!
        Many program modes, movie and animation capabilities
        Menu driven, Sony CCD, Cannon lens, EASY hookup to computer, voice recording, movies
        Great picture, great options
        EXCELLENT QUALITY, EASY TO USE, BEAUTIFUL PICTURES
        overall quality
        Quick time to to first shot; Good picture quality; small &amp; light.
        Low price.  Convenient size and shape.
        It's cheap, easy usb connectivity, compact and very portable. 
        cheap, simple, good software package
        Good colour, lowest price megapixel camera
        Ease of use
        Easy to use
        fun and easy
        Small, affordable
        Great all in one package for a starter digital camera.
        great quality photos, great software
        Easy usb connection
        ease of use, software, weight
        Model 1800 1.3mp. Nice pics, Sony CCD,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB, Fast SmartMedia change. Battery economy.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Model 1800 1.3mp. Nice pics, Sony CCD,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB, Fast SmartMedia change. Battery economy.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
        Great Price, Average Picture Quality, Relatively small, USB Connectivity, 4MB Memory
        Cheap, Actually takes pictures. 
        Cheap, decent photos, easy to use software.
        Easy instructions and software.  Compact, durable and light-weight.
        Great bang for your buck.  Inexpensive. 
        Small Light Digital Camera with Great Program
        Small size and price, takes decent daytime pics for emailing.
        compact, nice looking.  Good price. That is about all I can really say 
        Small, inexpensive, has flash, good picture quality for under $100.
        Light weight, uses AA Batteries, Win XP compatible
        NO FILM REQUIRED. Small enough to fit into a shirt pocket or on belt., 
        Takes 100 pictures
        Cheap, light-weight and small!
        Small, a snap to set up and use, under 50 dollars.
        Ease of Use, compact, and most importantly, inexpensive
        Great battery life!! over 1000 photos so far. Good size. durable
        Inexpensive, fairly good quality, works as digicam and web cam
        Not bad for $50, holds 70 pics, takes good pictures depending on where you are.
        Inexpensive, durable, compact
        Small, cheap, some decent pix
        Inexpensive Digital Pictures
        inexpensive
        Small, lightweight, includes good software
        Dirt cheap, fair picture quality, nice for the kids, seems sturdy enough
        price &amp; style
        Good price, fairly easy to use and upload pic's to the computer, has LCD screen for viewing photos
        inexpensive, nice LCD display with decent options
        easy to use
        Cheap, digital, simple to use
        easy to use, software easy to install
        Not too expensive
        low cost
        Cost
        Easy to use, inexpensive, viewfinder (with option to turn off), great customer service
        NONE
        Good digital camera for the price paid.
        Great Digital Camera for beginners.
        Nice camera, good packaging, small
        Good Pix in strong light.  Priced right.
        Excellent resolution and color, very user friendly, very little shutter lag.
        good quality pictures and .avi video considering resolution and cons!
        Great color and resolution, good resolution on avi video.
        Image Quality, Compact Size, Easy-to-Use Menu
        Ease of use, High Quality Images, Very small and appealing
        MAC friendly!! Easy to use, small and compact, great  price, great photos, love it!
        Cheap, has timer, nice case
        Easy to use, light, good quality of photos.  Capable memory. 
        Easy to use.  Excellent pictures.  Automatic features make a beginners pictures look great.
        no film, digital display, flash, good pictures, fun to use, TV and computer compatible
        Fun, Easy to use
        Great price. Easy to use, and pictures are great for a camera for its class.
        Crisp picture, prints premium quality 5x7's and smaller
        Its digital.  LCD size.  Fair features.  Good price.  Good pictures.  Use while AC power connected.
        price, picture quality, reliable
        Very easy to use and not very complicated
        Great Price. Ebay has a lot of them.
        Great Pictures for the Price, easy to upload and use
        Looks like the pictures should be nice
        LCD Display,T.V outputs
        Good prints, works with XP
        Cheap, Easy to use, CF Memory Slot, excellent quality on daylight
        Great Pictures, Awesome Flash, Small size, Easy to use, Inexpensive
        Great camera for the price!  
        Good Pictures, Flash, Software Photo Suite 4, Compact, Easy to Use
        Price; has a much better lens than disposable cameras or cheap 35mm cameras.
        Compact, easy to carry, sharp pictures, very easy to operate, can control the flash.
        Inexpensive, compact flash compatible
        Easy to take photo's with. Good quality photo's for the price.
        Great Picture Quality, easy to use. 
        Great picture quality during the day and in good lighting. Excellent interface.
        Great camera for the advanced user as well as the beginner.
        LCD screen
        Price
        Fairly Compact, easy to use, expandable, decent pictures
        Great features for the price.
        Easy to use, AUTO Focus, Fast Downloads to computer, fantastic pictures, excellent price
        4 INK CARTRIDGES, CHEAP,WARRANTY
        Price, Separate ink cartridges
        Price
        Cost, replacement ink costs
        very easy to use, great quality for the price
        none
        Convenient size and configuration; easy setup and install.
        cheap - $50 / good quality print/ individual color cartridges
        Cheap, good quality printing
        Price.
        small, good  quality, cheap
        Great Value, space-saving, ink saving, high quality
        High quality print, easy to use, individual ink cartridges and a very low price.
        Fast printing, good text quality printing, trusted name.
        Text clarity, speed, affordability, size
        Good quality,
        Compact size
        fast
        Super cheap, super fast, brand name.
        Small footprint, silent, good software support
        Good graphic quality, good speed, quiet, great price
        Xerox name; low-cost, reasonably fast
        size, speed, noise
        quality, size, reliability
        Cheap, small footprint
        small footprint, large paper capacity, it's built in ability to directly attach 2 computers for sharing, its industry leading 3 year warranty, and its low cost make it and ideal printer when matched with an ink jet for graphics
        Nothing
        quiet, easy, great quality, fast
        Value for money.
        cheap purchase price, low cost ink
        price, quality, warranty
        Easy loading, quality printing
        Like I said before .. It prints great
        Inexpensive, good quality text, easy to use
        compact
        Excellent Warranty from an Excellent Company
        Price, great technical help
        Inexpensive
        inexpensive, 3 year warranty
        good software/ easy install/can be found cheap.
        good print quality
        cheap, small, few parts, easy
        Quick, Handy, Lightweight
        none
        jack of all trades
        Made by Xerox...an American based 
        No pros
        Reliable, Good quality
        price
        Price
        Great machine at a good price.
        so many functions that all work great
        Does it all!
        You get a printer, copier, fax, and scanner all in one machine!
        This machine is a work horse, it does it all!
        Printer, Fax machine, Copier &amp; Scanner
        Cheap currently selling for $99
        Inexpensive, Quick, Easy to use, Good Functionality, Easy to replace ink
        Easy to use - especially for the "computer almost-illiterate!"
        Ease of Setup, Overall Print Quality
        Clear print and copy quality
        Good Multifunction, solid performer - when it works
        Cheapest Flatbed-Scanner-Printer
        Nice Design, Makes brilliant copies
        Print quality, bundled software, Xerox quality, ease of use, versatility
        Handy when it works.
        Handy when it works
        Laser Printer and Legal Flatbed Copier
        When it works, it makes for a fine laser printer.
        great size
        Great price for a flatbed laser
        Warranty, good price, fast
        cheap initial
        4 in 1, great price, small, good quality
        Tells me when toner is low. Flatbed scanner. Flatbed fax. Fast printing.
        Good size.  Fairly easy to set up.  Good quality prints (when it works).
        Compact, versatile, easy to use.
        Color copies look pretty good
        Compact, cheap and dependable.
        cheap cost
        great looking documents, easy to use scanner
        good quality, copier(color+B&amp;W)/scanner/printer
        Decent Package for less than $200.  (The price right now probably drop below $150)  
        3 in 1,, fairly cheap,, easy to use
        inexpensive good features
        High quality, the convenience of combining several peripherals, USB allows placement far from your PC.
        Prints, Scans, Copies, all in one 
        Simplicity in operation, cost, and print quality
        small size, good software included for free with the unit
        Good price, All-in-one machine, High resolution, 1-year Warranty, Made by Xerox, color copier
        Fair Price, Very good Photo Printing,
        Good printing capability
        Easy to use, powerful, cheap for the machine of its class
        A great all-in-one machine!
        Quality printing, scanning and copying
        Works Well, very quiet, Much improved resolution, pagis pro software good!! 
        Flat-bed scanner
        Excellent price for a multi-task machine; Compact size; Quality output
        Scanner/Copier/Printer, USB and Parallel Port, Good Software, All Around Good Package
        Price has come down, affordable home/small business all-in-one machine.
phone looks nice, easy setup, most necessary features included
Excellent sound from earpiece; elegant design; beautiful (if not superlative) screen
Small for a flip phone, dual LCD displays, sturdy, easy to use interface, includes headset
Great Phone With A Great Layout and Design
Durable, Stylish, Clear Screen, Great Sound
Toughness, navigation ease
Very simple to use, great battery life, very durable, comes with ear wired ear piece.
Long battery life.
Small, stylish, vibrant color display, AWESOME RECEPTION, external display, "voice" keypad sound (makes it unique)
Looks cool, reasonable price.
nice flip, pretty, colorful, cute ring tones,
It looks good (yahoo...)
It was free...that's all.
See above
Talk/standby time, software/memory features, screens, Bluetooth and USB,  Four GSM frequency modes
Ultraslim aluminum metal case, bright display, Bluetooth, loud speakerphone, internal antenna
It is cool, speakerphone, options, size, bluetooth, sound
Stylish, well-built, excellent interface/menus, great functionality, performance, large screen
great graphics, 4x pictures, skinny phone
nice display, large phonebook, easy to use, wonderful design
Thin design; Stylish; Customization features
Maximum Cache and features, including blue tooth
Design, size and weight, user-friendliness of basic functions, large & vibrant screens.
THIN and light, Excellent sound quality, stylish.
Brilliant Design, clear and sharp screen, MPEG4 playback, Quad band support, Bluetooth
Solidly built, with a host of features.
appearance and design, Bluetooth capability, speakerphone, brilliant display
Big screen, long battery life, voice recorder and themes
Great design, aluminum case, large screen, speaker-phone, MP3 ringtones, standard USB connectivity
Great reception and excellent battery life
Stylish, small, large LCD.
Good reception, strong signal, large sized keypad, good call reception, speaker option excellent.
Top notch quality, Excellent reception, Camera, Aluminum frame, Well thoughtout design
Light in hand, loud in ear, easy to use functions
the best camera for the price.  Flip phone, sleek, sturdy, highly customizable, bluetooth, world GSM.
Thin
a trendioid's wetdream, hotness on a stick, light
Looks, Weight, Durability.
Gorgeous design, magenta color and excellent reception. Easy bluetooth pairing with a Mac.
Awesome design, light weight and thin, feature packed, friendly interface
Sleek design, attractive color and graphics, lightweight. fairly user friendly, Bluetooth
Solid, sounds good, good reception, reasonable feature set, Bluetooth
It's sleek, thin and stylish, but there's where it stops.
Cool Factor goes to "11"
Thin, Lightweight, and Looks Sleek.
Looks good, thin
size, appearance, and features.  A winner.
cool, sleek design.
Thin, light weight, good reception, clear sound, great speakerphone
Pure awesome, and that's coming from a man who hates cells.
See Below
big screen, new shape, metal, bluetooth
Easy to use, sturdy, bluetooth rocks!
Slim profile, small size, well constructed, bright screen and good audio quality.
Size, weight, large display, stylish
Features, Size, Styling, Reception
Slim, good reception, Decent Camera, cool looking
Lots of smart features though does not meet the definition of a smart phone.
Amazing design, Bright Clear Screen, Great Camera, Great Phonebook
Slim, HUGE Screen,self timers portrait, thin buttons, neon looking button, extremely stylish,
Great Sound, Signal-Strength, Outstanding Displays. A.O.K Verizon
Slim, light, cool looking, calls people
Sleek, lightweight, great big screen.
Slim, user friendly, good battery life for size, clear sound, and unique mod style.
Nice screen, camera, all those other functions.
It fits in small purses nicely...
COMPACT AND THIN! BEAUTIFUL PHONE! HAD TO HAVE IT! GREAT SPEAKER!
It's lightweight..that's all!
Big Phonebook Capacity, Stylish and Sleek, Lightweight, Bright Screen, Bluetooth and Speakerphone
Attractive phone, unique design, very portable, large display, crisp call quality.
The LCD display and key pad functionality are excellent.
Sleek, sturdy design. Good sound and speaker.  Relatively simple to use.
Super sexy design. Beautiful screen. Bluetooth.
Size
call quality; reception; speakerphone; screen; aestestic; battery life; durability; build; keypad; overall user experience
Pretty. Fashionable. Thin. Light. Bluetooth.
Design, Factor, Look & Feel, Phone Functions, Bluetooth
Sexy look, good battery life, customizable interface, well working speakerphone.
Pretty, Great reception, Quad-band GSM.
Good looks, slim design, great battery life, large display
Quality, Usefulness, and Looks wrapped up in one phone.
classy design, bluetooth, speaker, loud sounds
light weight, pocket size, easy to use
Pink!, Great reception, Web enabled, Good battery life, Easy, Good camera, Good memory, Bluetooth
Sexy, easy to carry in pockets, aluminum casing
Slim, Battery (2 Days), Much better than the usual Motorolla's
Looks spiffy, clean lines, small, lightweight.
very nice exterior design
Screen, camera, easy to follow menus, lot more features than I will probably ever use.
Nice looking ornament - look else for service that isn't CINGULAR.
never drops calls, great reception
None - given all the great alternatives
sleek, small, durable
Sound, feel, weight, screen
Slim. Beautiful.
Slim design
pocket sized, reliable, big screen
Fits in your pocket, easy to use.
great keypad, flip, voice dialing, style.
Looks cool
Small size, lightweight
Screen is bright. Better camera
Looks good
Looks good, very convenient.
looks
Great RF (better than my other phones), feature rich, solid design/build, flashy, lightweight
Great deal on a very sharp phone!
Using mobile phone tools, take any song and make it your ring tone.
Looks, easy to use, durability
Slim, light phone, good reception, great graphics and functions.
Has bluetooth capability.
Those with low self esteem might feel popular from attention this phone gets.
FLAWLESS
Thin, great sounding, extra features like video, camera, etc.
Design
Size, features.  Has the items I want in a phone
Best phone since Startac
The sound on the phone is great.  I love the speakerphone.
voice quality, can use it on my vacations oversea's, great design and look, very light.
Cute design
Slick looking, great menu interface, good features, great reception everywhere
Great phone with superior battery life
Put it in your pocket and you won't even notice it's there.
It looks good and comes in a variety of colors
Bluetooth compatible, able to get ringtones easily, and small but tough.
Cool ring tones, easy to use
Loud Speakerphone, MP3 Ringtones, Good Battery Life
Long battery life, bluetooth headset, lots of features.
overall great looks and usability
Looks cool, super compact, makes you feel like Bond, Bluetooth and MP3 ringtones
Beautiful look, easy navigation, slim
Small, nice camera, video (T-mobile) has real LCD screen. Lots of storage, clear speaker phone.
Neat design
Small and sleek. Takes video and photos. And holds a lot of files.
Very high quality, Good features and gadgets, excellent signal reception
sleek, great options, buttons, and big display.
Great design
Compact
Slim, Light, Great Signal, Easy to Use
Looks cool.
Its the best phone available on th market.
Slim Design, Camera, Bluetooth, Internal Antenna, High Res Display.
Nice looking.
camera, phone features, style
Slim and looks cool
look, size, reception
Sleek durable
Looks, Ringtones, "pocket sized"
Everything
cutting edge design (no pun)
Light, compact, and easy to use
thin enough to put in pock, trendy, long battery life, stores a lot of numbers
Sleek, thin, USB connectivity, nice screen, good speakerphone
sleek
Small in size
Sleek, stylish, clarity is great, nice ringtones, great speaker...
good design and easy navigation
Thin, sexy, bright display, all the bells and whistles
Sleek, slim design and blueooth
Beautiful looks.  Sturdy.  Good battery life.  Gadgets and gizmos.  Loud speakerphone.
Feel, look, battery life, has all available Sprint options, durable, friendly interface, excellent phone
Looks, durability, weight, reception, speaker phone, volume, Java API support, blue back-lit buttons.
Sturdy and reliable. Scratch and Dent Resistant.
Great all around product...meets the needs of most people...for pleasure or business...
Great looking phone, changeable face plates.
Speakerphone, very easy to use.
nice selection of ringtones, speakerphone!, hold feature
Good initial battery, plenty of basic features, lots of ring tones, good call quality
very durable.  good speaker phone.  easy to use.
Clear speakerphone, ease of use, size, chic looks, simplistic factor, ownership cost
small, nice blue backlight, various features
nice size, nice color screen, good reception
Solid; good sound quality; fairly easy to use; good battery life; flip design
small, sound quality, color screens
Standard headset jack.
Weight
Aol instant messenger, web access, speaker phone
Excellent display and sound, good range of features
communication capabilities, MP3 ringtones, extensive support from Sonyeric enthusiast community, value4money.
Smart, loaded with features, superb user interface, compact and light.
MP3 Player, Colors, Bluetooth, and it comes with 41mb better than most phones
Excellent audio, good looking, reasonable keyboard, very nice screen
Bluetooth, Infrared, JAVA , compatible with applications, affordable, play MP3s, MP4s, 3GPs, AMRs, camera
great battery life, hidden antenna, great camera, light, low price
Call clarity, great reception, solid feel, fast and responsive OS
Fun, completely customizable, works great!
Great speakerphone, reception, loud ringing   vibrating/lights simultaneously, nice organizer features, great phonebook, display
The lights, the battery life, the pictures.
Small, great volume, flexible options. Love the speaker phone
Clear and loud ringtones, bright colorful screen, long battery life
Reception, sound quality, tons of features, well-built, easy-to-use UI
Good battery life, loud ringtones and vibrating alert.
size
Excellent little mobile with an added extra, a built-in Camera!!
Great sound. Small and light weight. Good photos.
This is a fun phone until it breaks.
Compact, light, and easy to use...
small! sounds good! sturdy!
camera is easy to use
Easy to use, many features, compact, good sound and battery life
Buttons, Size, Look, Sound Quality
Good incoming voice clarity, lightweight, pretty good size color screen.
does all the phone functions adequately
Good Talk Time, Camera, compact, flip phone.
Cute, portable; one-key vibrate; camera, video features; survives repeated falls
Light, compact, stylish, easy to navigate and full of features
flip phone design, small size, color screens, built-in camera and flash, video capability
Flip phone, fits easily in a pocket, easy to use, durable.
-cute phone
Size, style, customization.
Durable, Easy to use
Easy to use
Easy to use, small, good quality
Small size, camera, worked fine before breaking
Descent price/battery life/camera.
Long lasting battery, speed dial, crisp screen
size, many ways to customize settings, voice dialing
Great reception and battery life, GET IT NOW, easy menu style
Looks nice.
Extremely durable, easy to use, plenty of memory and functions.
A nice phone that survived a complete wash cycle and hot dryer.
Loud ring
Simple phone to use.
Good Price, very clear and large color screen, extendable entena
crazily durable. NEVER breaks. pretty, cheesy graphics. think flowers and sunny skies.
OBEX capable Bluetooth, MP3 ring tones, Speaker phone, texting, Picture and E-mail made easy.
Nice idea
Full QWERTY keyboard, index finger typing, candy bar design flips open, Bluetooth.
QWERTY keyboard, neat design
overall appearance, keyboard, camera, mp3 ringtones
Qwerty keyboard.
Sleek, great form factor, has a keyboard
integrated camera; solid speakerphone; 65,000-color internal display; Bluetooth; works with PC and Mac.
Lots of functions
Cool design and durability
Great looking and excellent call quality
Easy to use, good camera, good speaker phone, not too expensive, solid battery
See Review
It makes calls, takes pics, has bluetooth
Style, quality, features, graphics, capabilities, clarity
Excellent size and feel. Sound quality and reception have been great.
Great style, solid built, easy to navigate.
-Camera and Video
Small, nice solid flip, lots of features.
Features, fairly compact, inernational.
Excellent reception, bluetooth works well for my purposes, the rubberized blue coating is very nice
Motorola reputation, solid phone, clear sound
Very good features, fun to use, durable, excelent signal, Bluetooth capable, nice screen and size.
Large screen, voice dialing, Bluetooth compatible, Camera and Video ability.
Looks good, solid, nice display, good pictures.
Color screen is excellent
Sturdy, speakerphone
Great feature set and decent reception
Aesthetics, Speakerphone, Battery Life
GSM Quad band, PC Sync, Bluetooth, EDGE, signal-voice quality.
Great signal quality, Great value, Good battery life, Good durability
looks good, good voice quality, good bluetooth, good camera, nice buttons
Everything, I love this phone!
Rich feature set, bluetooth, camera w/video, strong signal
Solid quality, good reception, fairly sized keypad, can receive calls in office, home. Good speaker.
Attractive, Bluetooth, Camera, Web-enabled, MP3 Ringtones
Camera and video functions
Motorola, easy to use, volume, mp3 ringtones, camera
Solid construction. A lot of features(most I never use)
Good user interface.
Excellent call quality, bluetooth, clamshell form factor, sexy face plate.
Reliable, easy to use, good datebook functions
Flip phone, bluetooth file transfer, mp3 capable
great phone overall
got it free from my dissatisfied sister in-law, now I see why she hated it.
most wanted features at an affordable price.
Feels good, solid, nice screen and easy to use
Size, cost, camera and video
clarity, still+video camera, over-all appearance of phone, speaker phone, voice-activated dialing
Nice camera and other various upgrades.
ergonomics, pretty
Bluetooth, Speaker phone, Big Address Book, Camera and Camcorder, FREE, seems to be solid phone.
Not a bad phone, with lots of good features
Nothing good to say at all
battery life, cheap, motorola, can drop from over 6 feet and wont break
Small, lightweight
none
Clarity is excellent and it holds up to heavy use.
easy to use,text messaging,camera phone
The bluetooth and connectivity  is excellent.
Pleasant blue color.
Features
size, camera, flip style, easy to read/navigate.
small
Flip phones are a good thing
size and weight
Weight, Volume, Bluetooth, Sync with Outlook, External Antenna Port
It's excellent all the way around......when it's working properly.
Can't think of any.
Bluetooth is good, nice UI
size & style
Bright screen, camera/video, OK reception
???
Great features, nice screen, good camera and video.
a very sleek looking phone
Bluetooth, speakerphone, EDGE, skins, mp3 tones.
Camera is not bad...takes adequate SHORT videos...sufficient talk time.
Still looking
It's blue.
voice clarity, ease of use
battery life, solid feel, lit keys, reasonable camera, speakerphone
Good reception. Looks pretty.
The features are cool I guess.
Flip/Camera phone; Caller-ID; Get It Now!; Cool Ring Tones; text friendly; charges quickly.
vibrant screen, picture quality is awesome, cheap phone
Many features, VGA camera with sliding lens cover, speakerphone, voice commands
Battery life, speakerphone, camera lens cover, and the ease to customize the phone
Value priced for Features
Great features, tri-mode capability, dependable.
Lightweight, good speaker phone, nice user interface, good battery
Very Durable, Long Life Battery, Great Signal, Camera, Color Screen, Speakerphone, Good Design
Text messaging buttons, good menu layout, good contact system
Feature variety, battery, durability, price.
Camera, Speakerphone, Voice commands, nice screen, Verizon has great service.
Cheap, easy to use if you stick to basics, color screen, battery life, audio
O.K. if free with service or under $10.00.  Good clarity on calls.
Great Camera, Speaker phone is clear, Lightweight, Lens Cover, Good Reception and Battery
Have dropped it a bunch of times with no repairs needed
features
size, cool factor, big screen, features
Great camera, good reception for calls, voice activated for when you are driving
CONS outweighs any pros this phone had.
Functional (Vibrate & high mode, etc.)
Cheap price, Pretty durable, Decent battery life
User friendly
It was cheap with the rebate
Selection of wallpapers, bright display, loud speaker
A decent basic phone, good capacity memory for contacts, decent basic camera.
compact, easy to use, good feature set
Triband, user-friendly
Nice features.
Very Durable, takes reasonably nice pictures, reasonable price. Doesn't drop calls.
Signal strength, ease of use, color display, camera, ring functions, style
Voice commands are very handy while driving.
Color screen is nice, menus easy to navigate.
Many features, good battery life, camera, speakerphone, Cheap
easy to plug in...
Durable, Great colors, fun features
Takes good pics, camera flip phone
reception/camera
Great reception, Long battery life, Photo & video capabilities, Rotating camera lense
great sound, easy to use, nice camera function for a phone
Good audio quality, battery life, keypad - Photo/Video/Internet, 2 screens, large memory, advanced configuration possible.
Easy to use. Camera and Video camera. Great talk time.
Long battery life, lots of features, real music ringtones, small
Amazing design, sleek interface, camera, planner, audio, video, 500 contact list, internet browser, swerve cam
Large Memory, Great Pictures, Beautiful Crisp Display, Multiple Functions, Great Service
The build, sturdy, tough, rotating camera, huge interior lcd
Good sound quality, Large display, openwave mobile web compatible, video/still camera
Amazing camera, very durable, easy to use.
Feature rich, easy to learn and operate, great call clarity, great battery life.
Picture and sound quality, storage space, durable, flash,
Easy to use/Battery life/camera and video.
good battery.  built like a tank.
Great display, good feature set, solid performance overall.
Nice Design, easy to use, add ringtones and games. External picture caller ID
Functionality, internet capable, design
great digital video, camera, loud speaker, and very good reception.
Video Capabilities, Reversible Camera Lens, Large Color Screens, Great Audio.
backlit QWERTY keyboard, still & video camera, mobile messaging, IR port and more
Battery life, Bluetooth, PC Suite, Features
Great features, good battery life.
Small, has qwerty keyboard, internet capabilites, durable.
Reliable, nice backlit keyboard, bluetooth support
keyboard, video, camera
easy to use, sensitive, full keyboard
The keyboard is really the only good thing.
Different connectivity options.  Compact.  Extremely practical.  AIM service.  Quadband.
Clear reception, Color screen, speaker phone
Good color screen, attractive blue color, nice keypad
Great battery life, nice look, durable, and nice looking color LCD.
Small; Nice bright screen; Reliable; Good reception
SMALL, LIGHT, LONG LIFE
Very durable, good stock ring tones. Long battery life
Great phone when it works. Durable Good Battery life
rugged, long battery life, easy to use, good audio, built in speaker phone
Has everything I need in a phone and  more
Good feel in my hands. I like the size too.
Nice color screen, cheap, good for basic use
Good quality phone at a very reasonable price
Large buttons; low price; loud ringer; good reception; large display; good menu system
Rugged, solid construction; simple to use, good basic PHONE features, nice screen.
Simple to use, feels solid, very durable.
Good phone with modern features but not a lot of the headaches.
- Easy menus
long talk time
Battery life, nice screen, good overall basics, relatively cheap.
Study, long battery life, good reception, good Nokia menus
reliable and rugged
Easy to use, great sound, free & a rebate
Sturdy, basic phone. Low price. Great quality.
Just a phone, more durable than most, good display size, good battery life
Rubber pads kept it from flying off my car when left on hood accidentally.
Colour screen,great battery life , awsome games , very good reception ,
Guess it's better than others
signal, battery, wallpaper, design
Good loud ring, Nice size and screen
Super durable. best reception I've seen with great voice clarity. A working mans phone.
Sturdy, holds a good signal, ringtones are loud.
Reception, clarity, easy to set up and use
Easy to Use, Good Battery, Good Reception
More features than I expected.
Nice feel in my hands and very durable.
Good size, great reception
Gets a signal where most phones can't.
Good Simple Basic Phone
Feminine qualities. Sleek design. Clear, colorful screen.
durable, compact, good battery life
-$100 cost!!!, lightweight, small, clear sounding, feature rich phone
Good voice-dialing
Great voice recognition, speakerphone, & functionality.
Voice dialing/command interface
voice command, speakerphone, customized home page
Great as a phone. Excellent sound, clarity, signal strength, volume. No dropouts.
Good connectivity and sound, good keypad.  A solid choice if you want a no-nonsense phone.
- Compact
Easy to use, Great Price, Good Sound Quality
Great Speaker phone. Great Voice dial Feature.  Easy to use.
-Camera phone
Voice dialing and recognition is exceptional
Durable and decent looking
Voice dialing, name dialing - no difficulty recognizing speech
Excellent Camera
Ive listed the pros in my review
light, cool-looking,  camera, internet access, speaker, calendar, alarm, text/pic messages, GPS
Was free when we signed up.
Not much.
Clock works good.
Good sound volumes and speakerphone works well. Real unhappy about the battery situation.
Tri-mode
Reliable, Good Phone
Solid, reliable, great sound quality, and cheap.
Tough, compact, styling, ease of use
Excellent coverage, solid phone, good AM-radio quality.
Durable, standard features, walkie-talkie, color
It's more capable than some cheaper phones, but the durability is the major selling point.
Motorola always produces solid well built products...but...
Nice phone, feels durable.
can direct connect easily, tough
Durability / Customer Service
bright color is easily found, easy to respond to direct connect, compact and rugged
Very strong design, ease of use, clear display.
Rugged case, PTT Capability
you can throw it againts a wall and it still works {kind of}
Rugged
light weight,colorful,durable,great service,no lost calls
Lightweight.  Stylish.  Direct Connect.  External Speaker.  Nextel.  Done.
PTT capability, rugged casing, rubber grips on side
Very good Phone
Excellent clarity, sharp photos, video w/sound, easy to use, durable
It does so much
A good overall phone.  Excellent reception, loud ringtones, beautiful inner display.
Intuitive button menus, t9Word text software, 2 big beautiful color screens, camera with flash
Raw features, fairly well-built interface
Color Screen/Speaker Phone/Sound Clarity/GPS
pretty good looks, internet enabled, speaker phone
Unbreakable!  Good reception and easy to use.
Color screen, ok service.
It's a flip phone big deal.
walkie talkie service
in a nutshell: glitz, glamour, sass
Durable build, tons of options, responsive menus, great reception
Bluetooth Connectivity, High Quality Speakerphone, Tri-Mode, Large Display, ObeyMoto Feature
comfortable to use, many well-developed features
The best reception I have ever had. So many features.
Amazing reception, great speakerphone, very nice voice dialing.
Great speakerphone, voice recognition, display, reception
Reception is GREAT!
Sturdy, good reception, decent size.
Huge screen, great sound, easy to use, solid
Clear, bright display, easy to use.
Bluetooth, speakerphone
Highly versatile and powerful.
Hey!  The calculator works!
MP3 assignable ring tones, TransFlash memory
Big, bright screen.  High speed. Great speakers.  Camera, video camera and light. Battery life.
Big enough you could break your car window with it if you were trapped?
Beefy build, Loud enough to be heard, Decent display, Decent keypad layout.
ergonomics, keypad feel, good reception, display is very good
Large clear LCD, loud speakerphone, bluetooth, good reception
Reception, bluetooth, speakerphone, ObeyMeMoto voice recognition.
Bluetooth, 1.2 megapixel camera, large clear display, MP3 player, Transflash data card
Nice screen
Cute, Professional, and it has LOTS of features!
EXCELLENT RECEPTION!  LOTS OF FEATURES!  EASY TO USE!  A++++
-Bluetooth headset included
Great phone, full of features. Fantastic screen.
Sound Quality<p>Ease of Use<p> Camera Quality
Amazing signal strength, Nice LCD and easy BT pairing.
Great look, good features, awesome memory transferring, cool voice dial feature
Bluetooth
Good sensitivity.  Good sound quality.  Good battery life
Great reception and good battery life
Amazing piece of technology developed by Motorola
Metal housing, triband
Compact, works in flip mode.
Wide screen, durable construction
Pull up antenna, voice dial, screen easy to read, dust covers for headphone/memory card slots.
Sound,Memory card, Bluetooth
Improved reception, Compact design, Lightweight, 65K color display.
Small size, Battery life, Color screen
Backlighting, clear reception, fewer dropped calls, excellent display
Small size, bright color screen, and long battery life
Good functions, easy to use, fun wall papers.
Color screen, looks cool, menu system, small.
I suppose it is "cute" for a phone.
Small Size, Color screen, loud ring tones, easy to use
great sound quality, excellent features, stylish looks, small and compact, durable
Lightweight, color screen, great sound quality, and fun!
Color quality is good, easy navigations through menus.
Good reception, sharp picture, very small.
Easy to use, great navigation system, great color screen, outside display, stylish & sleek
Size, display, easy controls
Overall design, colorful display and lights, backlit external LCD screen is a must.
small, durable, dual band, built in calendar features and AOL IM,
small, compact, lightweight, beautiful screen
Neat color screen, ring tones and wallpaper. Plus the service is great.
Great sound quality, battery life
Cool looking, even when it doesn't work
sleek, durable battery, pretty
Color screen. Flip phone.
Durable, lightweight, easy to use
Infra-red, Color screen, Polyphonic ringtones,GPRS
Clear screen, great outer screen, easy to use, easy to press buttons, great reception!
compact, long battery life, clear screen
The screen is big and bee-yoo-tee-ful!  Picture quality is surprisingly awesome for a cell phone.
Slides smoothly.
Reception, Contact List, Tri-Mode
Reception, reception (two antennas), data capabilities, Nokia support
Listed in review
- good reception. I seem to get a signal on this phone where many other Verizon users get none. This  ...
Awesome Reception, Extra Features, Phone illuminates, a Great Phone for Anyone!
Reception! Reception! Reception! Simple interface. Large antenna. Inexpensive.
Reception and durability make this Nokia 3589i the best that Nokia has made to date.
It Has a wonderful signal reception efficiency which makes it better
Fine reception with weak signals and surprising durability!
Reception, Battery life, color screen, downloadable features.... I can go on and on....
Good reception, large bright screen, good backlight, sturdy feel, modern look
Cute, small phone. Large, colorful screen. Good speakerphone. Easily fits into small purse or pocket.
it's tiny. seemingly indestructible. decent signal. VGA camera in a phone.
Feature-rich, web-enabled, sleek look, speaker-phone
small, sleek looking, eye catching, simple
speakerphone, lightweight, very small, loud ringtones
Small,like a rock,design,through t-mobile!
Small, light weight, you can load ring-tones, pics, surf the web.
cheapest phone to buy with a camera and plays cool ring tones
You can mix your own ringtones. Good coverage, and rock solid.
Camera, video, button opens up flip, spotlight, picture ID, HUGE color screens, seems scratch-proof.
Stylish, light, feature packed, huge screen
Camera, External Display, Large Internal Display, Speakerphone, Records Video, Flip Button
GPS navigation is great(extra fee);Small size
All the usual calling features and looks. Takes a beating. Average battery life.
One of their better phones, smaller with camera feature.
Camera,Spotlight,Picture Caller I.D,  Huge_internal_screen,just about everything_on_this_phone_is custimizilebe,button_opens_flip,Great_speaker_phone.
Ease of use, GUI, look, feel, weight, versatility, cost, Nokia reputation and quality
Clear, well-lit display; functionality; size; ring volume; long battery life.
Quality, Cost, Durability, Size, and Weight
Reception, clarity, small size, speakerphone, Nokia menu system
weighs 3.5 ounces, lightweight, easy to use keys, equipped with AOL instant messaging
Good speakerphone & reception, good battery lifetime
Great for basic features, good text messaging
Small
Simple, small, great reception.
* Size
Color, AIM, Good Reception
Menus are very well designed, speakerphone, great color screen, small, durable.
Great battery life, good reception, excelent speakerphone, IT S A NOKIA!!!!
Some nice feature
picture phone, fast charging, camera easy to use, lasted 2 years
Speakerphone, ease of use, small size, camera, durable
Dependable, Affordable, Great Battery
It comes in a variety of colors
fairly durable, relative to the disposable-america products out there nowadays...
Has Camera, Text Messaging, Digital & Analog Band capable, Voice Memo Recording.
voice quality, easy to take pictures, small size, good speakerphone
Speaker phone
Ease of use - speaker phone clarity and a very helpful Sprint customer service.
ease of use, battery life, good brand, good price!
Charge time is fast, speaker phone
Cuteness factor-cute multicolored bouncing lights on the front, tip calculator, loud enough
Call Quality, Earpiece and Handfree volume, Picture Camera, Robust Contacts Application, Built-in Camera
Good Sound Quality and Rare dropped Calls,Fairly Simple to Program
compact, snub antenna, good sound, color display, built-in camera, nice looking phone
more than adequate cameraphone, good service
Features, Vibrant Color Display, Get It Now, LG Reputation
Small, calendar, exterior screen, one-touch silence, quick/simple volume control, lockable
Compact flip-phone with nice color screen and good digital call quality.
Great Features, Advanced Phone Book, Camera, Battery Life, Look, Color Display, Endless Functions
Great reception, camera is easy to use, very reliable
loud, clear reception, flashy looks, cool camera and awesome features.
Internet access, rather useful camera, good styling, well designed flip feature,and attractive.
cool colors and lights, easy ignore, great volume for rings and earpiece
Battery life, durability, good photo quality for the year it was made, T9 text messaging
Easy to use, solid build.
Design, Features, Call Quality, Signal Strength, Camera, Ringer Volume, Web
Compact, good clarity, easy to use.
Small, great reception, good screen, good battery
cute design and good sound quality, long battery life
LOUD ring, easy navigation, overall fairly user friendly, cute looking
Nice design, loud ringer, good volume control
Small, durable, great reception, clear graphics.
Small phone, good battery life.
Color Screen, Camera, Call Quality
Display is great.  Size good.  Stationary antenna.  Nice side buttons.  Menus easy navigation.
easy to text or send pics to email or phone
Features, voice clarity, reception, camera, durability
Great Design
Easy to use. Great, intuitive menus.  Rugged, hardy design.
Overall Nice phone
Great color display, integrated camera, call quality
pics and im
Nice size for the features available.
Umm... the little colored lights flashing on the front LCD?
They've stopped making them.
Durability, signal, sound quality, camera, size, email pics to yourself.
Some what attractive design.
Small, Light Weight, Takes Pictures
tip calculator
Ultra lightweight and compact, easy to use and awesome clarity.
Polyphonic ringtones
Styling, user interface, battery life, infra-red communication, integrated speaker.
Extremely small and light, Bright color screen, full-featured, great sound quality and battery life
Great display, great signal, nice design, GPRS, infrared port, Java
battery life, size/weight
really small and sexy
One piece design,contoured shape,performance,menus are intuitive,rugged.
Size and weight, features, screen quality
Small, bright screen, looks cool and professional, lots of memory to sync with MS Outlook
Small, cute, reliable
colour screen, poly and mono tones, java application or games, IrDa, MMS...
Cheep, good quality, good battery life
lots of cool features,color screen, and i smoke weed out of it
Slim, Simple, Good Features, Good Battery Life, Good Quality.
durable, lightweight, and easy to use
Color screen, cool key pad design, built-in wallpaper with customization available
Light, Durable, Long-lasting Battery
Great features for the money.
Very sturdy, colorful and nice ringtones, modestly priced and good battery life
Small Size, Great Battery Life, Good Sound Quality
excellent sound quality and battery life, lots of useful features, fun games
Attractive design, satisfying features, the backlight!
Great color screens and feature packed
small and lightweight. Sturdy and dependable.
Color Screen, Games, WAP Browser, Polyphonic Ring Tones, Price.
Inexpensive, easy to use, color screen, changeable faceplate
Color Screen, Small/Sleek Size, Customization, Colorful Faceplates, Lots of Features, Cheap! $$
Excellent battery life.
Nice phone, stereophonic rings, color screen
Color screen, excellent battery life, endless features
Polyphonic Ring Tones, Color Screen, E-Mail Capabilities
Convenience.
Cheap!, Color Screen, Battery Life, polyphonic ring tones
color screen, size, clarity, good signal
Color display, polyphonic ringtones
Compact
Color screen, easy to handle, like its shape
Easy to use, good service, cool features
excellent reception, sturdy, and light weight
reception,voice dialing,easy to use without book
battery life and call quality.
Good features when it worked
Price, voice dialing, reception
Excellent reception. Easy to use. Intuitive. Good voice quality - built in equalizer. Not ugly.
WAP, Pictures, Games, Downloadable Content
Have not really found any I could say
Price, camera w/flash, reasonably intuitive controls, speaker phone, many other features
Not a bad camera for the money, some features are nice.  Cute little phone.
Price, functionality, camera.
cheap
small enough to fit the COIN POCKET of most bluejeans.
Cheap, Simple, Easy to Use, Has a Camera if You Need One
Style and ease of use, when it works.
-Small
Good camera, speaker phone and voice recognition software are a plus.
Speakerphone
Better camera location than the 8900, Takes good pictures at 640x480
Alarm, stop watch, ect.
Good reception almost anywhere
Good camera
The camera is okay
You have a choice of how the time is displayed on front of the phone.
Cheap. Good Layout.
The Camera pictures are better than other camera phones.
Great entry flip phone and Virgin's Mobility Plan
Speaker-phone, easy to use
Size is nice, easy to use all and all a good phone.
I love the phone book and many features on the phone
Nice compact Cellular Phone!
new technology you can use it in 120 countries global, very small, voice options.
Great for the global business man
Constant Signal No Matter Where I Am
Sexy Phone, Works Everywhere in the world, SMALL!
great UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way SMS/email
Easy to use menus and navigation,  gorgeous backlighting !!
Tiny size, battery lasts and lasts, simple menus
Stylish, with many features.
Small, lightweight, cool, voice dial ability, predictive text input
small, stylish, dualband GSM for world-wide use
Tiny size, world wide coverage, SMS and picture messaging. Great menu system
Small size, extremely sleek and cool, hi tech
Small Size, GSM World Phone, Sleek Design
Very stylish, well-made, very small and light, and global (900/1900)
Nice look, great technology, and awesome features
very small, very light, very cool, very convenient
really compact, very stylish, voice dialing, beautiful backlight, global support
Voice dialing, Predictive text input, Small size, Ease of use.
Sleek and Small
Small, sleek and simply cool
Supported in over 123 Countries, Long Battery Life, Great Reception
Need i say more
The best looking phone out there.
Superior Performance, Incredibly Small, Classy Styling, Feature Packed
Honestly the best phone I have owned. Voice dialing!
white backlit, activated slide, voice tag
Smart, easy to use, the ultimate 'lifestyle' phone
Looks SLEEK against my Cheek
Infrared features, nice design, nice ergonomics, nice class
The best looking phone I've seen
global access
Battery life, sleek design, cool blue lights, extremely easy to use, nice size, nice charger
Elegant design, world phone, solid body feel.
Looks way too good...
Slick, small, easy to carry, operates oversea
Everything!!! It has class, style, function, durability, portability!!
Size, Looks, IR Modem, Global Roaming, Battery Life, Voice dialing, User Interface
Worldwide GSM,&#13;&#10;Ultracompact size, &#13;&#10;Attractive brushed-aluminum casing, Infrared modem &#13;&#10;
Small size, call quality, signal strength, aesthetic quality
size, weight
Light weight&#13;&#10;Sexy&#13;&#10;rare&#13;&#10;glows nicely
Features, Design, Look, Size, Durable, Antenna, Cost for features.
Stylish, Small, Comfortable, Professional.
World wide access, great features, small size.
Lightweight, can use in 120 countries, voice activated.
size, looks, classic interface
Small, stylish, sleek, easy too use and well worth the money.
Lots of range
TOUGH, beautiful, classy, works great at home (Hawaii) and when I'm in Europe, love it!
design, weight, reception
I loved all 3 I had in the first year
Lightweight, can use in 120 countries, voice activated.
can be used in over 120 countries, light, voice dialing, cool looks
Light, changeable faceplates
small and compacetstyling
Compact
Looks great
Cool colour, illumination light, size, weight
A very solid phone with great looks&#13;&#10;Easy to use
Everything
Light Weight, Stylish, Alluminum paint finish
Sleek style, intuitive functionality
SMALL SIZE,COOL BACKLIGHT,NICE ONE HANDED SLIDE,ATTENTION GETTER
Very stylish, light weight, durable, external antenna for better signal.
Metal Build, High Fashion Design, Great Reception, Great Audio, Simple Design
This Nokia retains the user-friendly set-up plus the convenience of a worldwide phone.
small, elegant, long battery life
Easy to use; Compact & Lightweight; No antenna; Color Screen with animation!
Much like my old Nokia 3360 that I was happy with. Great new features too!
Small, compact and lightweight!
Color, Color, Color.  Battery Life and Great Reception.
FREE!, fantastic reception, great battery, color screen, polyphonic ringtones, Java games
Sleek, packed with features, light on fluff
Lightweight, great quality, no antenna, color screen, great battery, cheap price
Color screen, great price (free), fairly stylish, polyphonic ring tones
Fairly reliable; excellent battery life; easy to use
Good reception/durability, color screen, excellent battery life
battery life, games, price (free), inter-face
Like all nokias, colored, buttons (I liked them)
Train whistle message tone, color animation, ease of use
Sleek, Stylish, Compact, Lightweight
Loaded with features, nice and durable phone for low price.
Color Screen, Interesting Keypad, Ringer Selection and Sound
Great color screen, great battery life
color screen, battery life, organizer
Good battery life, nice screen, keypad is easy to use.
Display, functionality, reception...the list goes on...
Rugged Body
Durable,good display,good reception,no antenna,good sound,
Color graphics, sound, battery life
Battery life, sound quality, display
battery life,  service,  durable(dropped it many times), excellent features, easy to use.
Free with T-mobile
Games,design,NO ANTENNA!,color screen
Color screen, long charge on battery, under-the-cover antenna.
Durability and call quality
It's immune to water?, looks cool, easy to use,
Color display, games, web-browser, everything else.
Nice fit in hand and a nice bright screen.
Basic styling is nice-looking and great feeling, and it's got a color screen!
variety of ring tones, wallpapers, and visual-audial effects; backlighting; storage space; full features
Small, Light, Color Screen, Good Batter Life
lightweight, easy to carry, good features,user-friendly
Small size, vibrant screen, long battery life, one solid piece, good clear calls
Standard interface, sharp color screen, nice features, clarity and good range
sturdy
compact; lightweight; ease of use; modern features
Many options, good reception, lightweight.
Good reception usually, very easy to use, works most of the time.
Good design; cool extra features like speakerphone, USB connectivity, & AIM
Looks nice, crisp display and very clear sound quality, great battery life
Speakerphone, blue keys, stock ringtones, and screen colors.
If you are getting this phone for free, it will meet your expectations.
Compact, USB port, MP3 Ringtones, Full Web Surfing, Speaker Phone.
Looks cool, ease of use, awesome front panel view, flip, comfortable, speakerphone
Small, nice key arrangement, tri-band
Size and weight, clarity, decent battery, a ton of features
light weight, long battery life, small, very cheap
Does everything a phone is supposed to do, excellently.
one touch dialing, auto-on, speakerphone functionality
Loud earpiece, mp3 rings, games, speakerphone, battery life
Speaker phone, outside display, coloured display on inside
Reception acceptable. Good for international. Battery good.
Makes a decent paperweight during a light breeze
Good interface, is cute and has lots of features.
Nice look, low price
many features, though superfluous
I wanted a basic clamshell design and liked the feel and ease of use.
Nice and compact
Small, sleek design
NOTHING!!!!!
Looks good
Looks cool, nice menu system, great color screen.
COLOR SCREEN/ OUTER SCREEN/ SPEAKER PHONE
can add photos, music and much more!!
Light weight.
Easy to use. Quick assesable menu, and hotkeys.
Long, Long and I really mean long battery life, small, good reception.
Speaker Phone, Has a nice feel
Small, easy to use
Size, ease of use, ability to link to PC for backup and faxing.
You can hear well, easy to operate, loud ring tones, good reception
It has speakerphone, text messaging, and a color display
Small, cool looking but nothing else about this phone is good
Looks cool
I got it free with a rebate from Cingular.
small, caller ID/ clock on outside, durable
small, light and loaded
Sleek design, color-changing covers, light and compact, impressive features, long battery life
stylish, strong marketing
tiny size, customizable, mimics a PDA, still very &quot;hip&quot;
Size, battery life, features.
Small, Did I Say Small? Like A Little 6190
a reliable and sturdy phone with many advanced features
Small size, customization with faceplates.
Small size, great design, interchangeable faceplates
Lightweight, Pop off faces, Infra-red
Small enough to carry in my pocket
Very small and light weight
Goes anywhere. Nice battery life, and packed with powerful features.
Easy to use and hold, great new web features, long lasting battery, great sound quality
Small, voice activation features, active infra-red port
SO stylish, AWESOME features!!
Tiny size, battery lasts and lasts, simple menus
great looking, good reception, tons of options to choose from.
Really small, easy to use, good clarity when there is reception
Small, Stylish, Brand name well known, many functions&#13;&#10;
small size and portability
Small, lightweight, internal antenna, voice dialing
great UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way SMS/email
Small, affordable, small, voice dialing, SMALL!
Size, Customizable, Clear LCD Screen
Looks sleek
Overflowing with features.  Small and compact, almost forget you have it.
Light, Feature Packed, Customizable, Easily fits in pocket
high powered, compact, style
The size, the features, the style
perfectly portable
stylish, customize it, fits-anywhere size
Small, lightweight, T9 text input
Great selection of features, user friendly, stylish.
Clear and user friendly
Tiny, tons of features, you can customize it, user friendly.
Virtually every feature.
tiny, can use 6190 home and car chargers, comes w/ headset
Lightweight, Voice activated, Small, Long Battery life
Sound Quality, Reception and features.
Very small, portable
Size,appearance,IR port
size, changeable covers, features, battery life, custom rings, infrared
Portability, extra options, styling.
Small size, smart interface, IR port, changeable faceplate covers screen
small, loaded with newest features, good talk/standby time
Great Reception
Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, Easy to modify, etc.
rugged, small, looks cool, changeable faceplates
Very light and good reception
Extremely compact, feature packed, intuitive design, tough as nails&#9;
Stylish, Small, Long lasting Battery, Interchangable Covers, Good Voice Quality, No annoying Pull Up Antenna
Numerous &quot;kool&quot; features! Packed with goodies! Light weight and inexpensive!
Small, long battery life, changable faceplates, GSM features
Soooo Sexy! Really long battery life, perfect size, games, interchangeable covers, so many features
compact size, durable
small size, very cool-looking, excellent menu system and user interface, awesome battery life, voice-activated dialing
Small, lightweight, easy to use
Small, light, trendy, many buttons, text prediction, many faceplates, infared
small, VERY easy to navigate through!  LOVE predictive text!
ITS A NOKIA
very light, color change covers, nice battery life, games and other features
Small size, UI, Features, battery life
Great size, functionality, and easy to use menu system.
Small, elegant, changeable look, dirt cheap, and excellent reception
Strikingly beautiful
Small size, good features, customizable look
small, cool and perfect companion for wireless folks
size, weight, build quality, sound quality
LESS EXPENSIVE, HE LEARNS RESPONSIBILITY, CHANGE COLORS WITH FACE PLATES, CHANGE ACCOUNT TYPE TO MONTHLY PAYMENTS LATER
Small, voice activation features, active infra-red port
Small size, vibrating feature, internal antenna
small, light, data capable, IR port, T9 text input, changable faceplate
Size, style, headset
Small size, calendar, long battery life, and most important, the look on your friends' faces.
Size, Infrared Port, T9 predictive text
Everything, clarity...etc...
Small size, light weight, decreased radiation emissions
It's a Nokia
Long Battery Life, Great Color Covers
tiny, lots of features, great clarity
Small, light weight phone
Small, Stylish, Portable, Functional, Easy to use...
Small size, easy to use, stylish
Tiny, reliable, intuitive.
a very handy piece
Small Size
small, easy to use, cheap
IR Port, &quot;Wearability&quot;
Signal,Features, everything!
Small, many functions
weight, compact, easy to use, features, reception
Small, light, many features, easy to use, long battery life
Sleek, tiny, and can change to your taste
Excellent features, compact, very user-friendly
unique, easy to carry
Small, lightweight, battery life
Small, extremely portable, stylish, lots of features
Small Size
Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, Easy to modify, etc.
good
Small and lightweight. All the features you really need in a cell phone.
small, pretty, loads of features and accessories
small size, cool look, headset
light weight, voice dialing, vibrate, active IR port, easy to use, & more!
Small, extremely light, good voice quality, good reception
Small, Light, Easy to use, Excellent Reception
Charges Quickly, Small, and Easy to Use
very light weight
Compact Size, no external antenna, blt-in vibration
small size, no annoying antenna, includes vibrating battery
light, small, voice recognition, good battery life
Small size easy for men to carry in their pocket.
Size, Features, Causes stares =)
Small, sleek and effective.  Great battery life.
This phone can do more tricks than a magic act!
cute, small, can change the looks, more ring options
Great Size
tiny size, excellent national coverage, very cheap, great sms features
Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, Easy to modify, etc.
Cheap among 8000 series
This phone is so technologically advanced, that everything on it is a Pro!
Small and light
it fits anywhere
tiny, changeable covers, animated menus, voice dialing, infared
Light, small, user-friendly.
Real fun toy, and cute too
Packed with great info and software
Light, Sexy
Small, packed with features, high &quot;sex appeal&quot;
Tiny size, very light, great screen, Nokia, good reception...
clear, the range, the cost, the size
Small, Loaded with features, easy to use, fun to play with
Lightweight, small, over 5 days of battery life.
Great Size, Very convenient, Extremely user friendly,
Nice!
Smallest size, great functionality, great reception, SMS & predictive text a breeze, good battery life.
The Size, Lots of Features,Lots of Ring Tones
very good phone
Lightweight, small, long talk time and standby time
Small package delivers great performance
TINY, good battery, decent price, excellent menus, QUALITY construction, faceplates
Lightweight, great 007 impersonations
size, features, quality
special tones
the cooliest
looks great, small
Reliable, compact, stylish, multiple really useful features...
Stylish, Small, changeable cases
Memorystick Duo slot, digital camera, big screen, PC synch, MP3 player, jog dial button, Bluetooth.
Design, Symbian OS 7.0, Camera, Quality, Keypad, Memory Stick Duo, Everything Else...
Form factor, PDA features, Internet access
PDA, Color, Bluetooth, GPRS, Camera
Advanced device with camera and Tri-band phone.
neat charger, battery life, memory sticks, games, internet, keypad, camera, all other features...
Excellent PDA and phone functions, nice design, very reliable.
Tons of functionality/features for it's average size.
Relatively small form factor for the class.  Very comprehensive features.
PDA with World Phone, terrific connectivity (IR,Bluetooth,GPRS,WAP)
digital camera, big screen, colorful
Phone, PDA, Camera, Internet Access - all in one device.
High tech, small, great warranty
Wide range of features included
Cheap
Long talk time; Nice display; Good sound and commands
Sleek, improved from 4400, better battery life, good screen, belt clip improved
Size, clarity of voices from speakerphone, crisp color screen.
Voice activation technology is great; speaker quality is superb.
Voice activation, nice screen, looks good, good reception
It looks nice.
Great speakerphone, two LCD's, downloadable apps, plenty of ringtones.
Fantastic voice recognition, voice commands, reception, clarity, size.
Great call quality and reception. I love Driving Mode !!
Solid construction, large well spaced buttons, great speakerphone, landline quality sound, loud ringer
High quality speakerphone, voice recognition command technology, Get-It-Now enabled
Great phone
All features i need for everyday communication
Lightweight, slim, good feature set, good screen clarity
Nice displays, well thought out
speakerphone, loud ringer, multiple phone numbers for each contact
Great basic phone - Verizon service and signal
Cute - neat speaker phone.
Attractive phone with loads of features.
Speaker phone, voice quality, Intuitive operation
simple to use, clear screen
excellent speaker phone, durability, easy to use
LOUD ringer, speakerphone, cute icons for callers
Quality construction, good shape and feel. Decent address book. Good speakerphone.
speakerphone, caller ID, small in size, each caller has own ringtone
None!
STYLE, COLOR, WEIGHT, AND SERVICE
Speakerphone, good price, light weight
Big Keys, Crisp Screen, Easy to Use, EVERYTHING !
loud speakerphone, customizable features, user friendly, looks good.
Great speakerphone, wonderful voice recognition.
Nice color screen with simple easy to use menu.
It makes calls.
4,096 colors Display,
reception, battery life, speaker phone
Durability, Clarity, Battery Life
Reception, Battery Life,Speaker, User Friendly
The phone has worked super and is relatively easy to use!
RECEPTION!!!  Visibility, size
Battery, big screen, navagation wheel,
Strongest Signal of any Sprint phone!
Small size, well built, high-res display, FM radio
Small, light weight, cool blue screen, high resolution screen, well built, and business look.
light, tiny, well constructed, fast charging, high res screen
Small, light, full of features, great battery life.
Size, Nokia UserInterface, features
lots of features, compact size
Small, light, easy to use
compact, stylish, many features like wireless web, games, sms and more.
High resolution screen.
Extremely sleek, sturdy design; hi-res screen.
Nokia knows how to build solid cellular telephones
Small, Great Features
Size, Battery life, Radio, Easy to Use
Lots of talk time; Smallest phone I have found; GSM; solid construction
sweet and small
Great reception, compact, intuitive, all the Nokia features we know & love.
see above.
Rugged, good looks, good battery, excellent reception.
Good RF performance.
Super durable, quick battery charge, great screen colours & resolution, volume variability
Rubber lining/grip, speakerphone, outside display
Rugged, bold looks. Good text messaging.
Durable sides (rubber) and sleek design.
I cannot think of any.
battery life, works ok with most phone centric web sites, decent speaker phone.
Easy to use and navigate.  This phone is a great asset
Small size, easy to use, camera option, email capabilities, good battery
Quality polyphonic ringtones, decent camera, good reception.
Sleek, Small, Ease of use
Small, slick looking, great screen indoors
Almost unlimited features in a tiny, colorful camera phone!
Screen, BlueTooth,Size, Price
Battery, screen, camera, organizer
Design, built quality, all that features
Design, quality, color screen, size, conference calling, price, 'stickies' notes, SIM copy, USB connectability
Camera, phone book, games, 'internet'
Sleek, solid build, beaucoups functionality.
Fast and easy menu system, beautifully large screen, TONS of features
Crisp, bright screen / excellent sound / Bluetooth / superb functionality
Lots of features, camera, very small size.
Gorgeous screen, cool body design, very easy to use camera, IMAP/POP email client.
stylish, convenient to carry, large display, lots of features, sturdy build
Feature packed, jog dial is very handy, excellent big and color LCD display
Small size,65,536 screen,bluetooth,ect
Intuitive menus, sleek design, good balance of features
Picture function delivers, has alarm function loud enough to wake me in the morning
Sexy and well made. Long long long battery life. Sounds great.
Small size, good durable battery pack, voice controls.
cute, lots of goodies, can transfer photos to my bluetooth computer in a snap
Relative durability, aesthetics, size, connectivity, features, camera
Connectivity thru Bluetooth/Infrared; Elegant, sexy design; Battery life; Signal strenth and call volume; Pretty.
quality finish and solidly built, attractive large interface, Battery lasts loooong time
Camera, audio recorder, calendar, notes, customizable themes, good reception, clear audio
Durability.  Interface design.
graphics,camera quality.size. colour quality. Good ringtones and volume. Many features.
Earpiece volume, battery life, gee whizzy factor
Shell design, vibrant screen, Bluetooth, camera, Swiss-Army like features.
Very light weight, useful features, excellent quality.
Stunningly sleek looks, compact and sturdy, camera, good battery, great sound
Small,  easy to use,  nice features, easy and flexible connectivity to PC etc.
Superior features, Bluetooth, camera, call quality, design and small size with big screen.
Screen, Features, Quality
Jam-packed features; Inexpensive
Small size, voice dialing, great options, bluetooth, free at AT&Twireless.com
Sleek and chic, internal camera, good clarity of sound, bluetooth, classic Sony features.
Durability, Big Screen, Bluetooth, Infrared to many too list!
intuitive operating system, easy to use, good battery life.
size, bluetooth
Good looking, user-friendly menu, lots of features, good fast-charging battery.
Compact - nice camera - buttons accessible - looks good.
cool looking
Small, Nice Color Screen, Looks Cool.
Quality feel, user-interface, ease of use, camera quality
Design, build quality, battery life, sound quality
Small, good camera, BT, nice WAP browser, joystick control, excellent RF, nice screen, world phone
Small and light weight, good camera, sharp/color screen, tons of features, good joystick
Highly customizable, excellent feature set, compact size.
Small, color, battery power
-good looking
Generous features, High Resolution screen, Camera easy to use.
small, slick looking, good battery, easy to use
Small. Camera is easy to use.  Bluetooth included. Color screen.
Small size, features.
looks, size, camera, 65K screen, GSM America
Bluetooth, built-in infrared, built-in camera, compact, internet, long-lasting battery
Modern Design, All the features, does life get any better?
One of the few remaining high-end handsets that is still just a mobile phone.
Tri-Band, Small, Slim, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, Excellent Battery Life, Highly Expandable
Extensive features, options, and accessories
Menus are easy to navigate. It has bluetooth capabilities and it's from the late 90's!
All the features the average user needs, nice color screen, changable faceplates
Sleek Design, Acceptable Ring Tones
Nice basic cell phone, with excellent reception and battery life
Inexpensive handset that has good battery life and clear call quality.
durable, cute, nice no-frills phone
Durability, simplicity of use
Relatively user friendly, free with contract
Display, overall size. Cool blue keypad light.
good long distance reception, nice display, cheap
Key lock, great volume, good battery life
Excellent ergonomic design,reliable and efficient.
Compact, handy.
Sadly, the most useful thing about this phone is the Tools functionality (Timer, Stopwatch, etc).
Looks good
Color Display, Play games, Check your E-mail!
Great battery life, good speaker phone
Sleek, stylish candybar-style phone with great reception, lots TALK TIME and loads of features!
Amazing Battery Life and call quality
It has brilliant color,internet access,300 name phone book
Battery Life, Signal Strength, Spacing of Buttons, Sound Quality
Great battery life.  Call receptions much improved over my other phone.
Good battery life, nice display, loud and clear speakerphone
Flashy/trendy new features, large color screen, call screening
Many features, color, long battery life, enhanced phonebook/phone log, instant recording
Fantastic reception; very long battery life; feature packed; speakerphone; easy to use intuitive menu.
Color screen, good reception, good battery life
Color screen, excellent battery life, polyphonic rings, large screen
Ability to hold onto signal... :)
Cool features, great reception, long battery life
Awesome battery life, integrated speakerphone, color display
battery life, color display, clarity
weight, battery life, easy to use, can be used as MODEM, voice dial, speakerphone,
Excellent reception, Intuitive menu, speaker phone, excellent voice dial feature.
Color Screen, Price
Excellent color screen, battery life and reception quality.
LONG battery life, bright screen, sounds great, good range
Reception, Lite charger,
Color, long battery life, seems compact enough for me
Great battery life
great battery, looks neat and has a lot of cool features
Nice Color screen, backlit, navigation menu's, battery life, lots of features.
1) Amazing battery life..it runs and runs...
Reception, reception, reception!!!
Color screen
Color Screen, Battery Life, Holds on to a signal! Speakerphone!
Battery Life,Clarity,Price,Color Screen,Durability
Great Signal, good Features, easy to use.
Great signal, great features, ringtones, computer hookup
Battery life, Color screen, ease of use, Weight
Color screen, new games, ring tones, internet.
Battery life, ability to hold a signal, promotion price, color screen, speaker phone
Durable. Firmware upgrades easy. Quality reception and sound. Numerous accessories readily available from web vendors.
Great battery life & convenience of speakerphone
All around good phone, easy to use, nice display, good reception
Excellent battery life, color screen, and strong reception signals.
Features, crystal-clear reception, tv-like screen, clarity, it's like having a phone, Gameboy, PDA in one!
Great interface, great reception, lots of features, PC connectivity.
Battery life, speaker phone, durability, reception, voice calls
QWERTY keyboard, speakerphone, FM radio, distribution lists, voice dialing.
Many features, keyboard, color display, excellent quality sound, performance and design.
Full QWERTY keyboard and speakerphone.
Full QWERTY keyboard w/minimum size. Tons of customization options.
Innovative flip-out thumb-board, color screen, integrated FM radio, email client, high gadget factor
lighted keyboard, big screen, easy numeric keyboard.
The first phone to combine a kickin' set of features with user-oriented design.
Features, display, tuner option, form vs function, EVERYTHING
Full keyboard, exstensive battery life, tons of features
Durable, Speakerphone & Great Quality
Astounding design allows for flip to a full "qwerty" keyboard. This enables easy text messaging.
Fold out keyboard, good display
qwerty keyboard, color screen, voice note recording
Keypad, features, price,
Keyboard foldout, loud speaker and radio...and everything else a Nokia phone has always offer.
design, color screen, polyphonic, QWERTY pad, battery life, light, scroll/navigation button, speakerphone
QWERTY Keyboard, Nokia durability, long battery life, easy to operate.
Keyboard, backlight.
messaging, wow factor, sync with outlook, nokia interface
Excellent Clarity,
QWERTY keyboard
Great compact design, keyboard just the right size, lots of features!
Key board, free sync softwate, IR port, phone software, screen...
Ease of use, customizable, QWERTY keyboard, java capable
Great speakerphone, SMS keyboard, bright color display, great battery.
Great keyboard
Voice quality, FM radio, loudspeaker, text message keyboard
features, features, features, great support,software
great sound quality, GPRS seems exteremely fast, tons of features, the keyboard ROCKS!
Nice Keyboard, good display loads of features
Fold out keyboard for text msging, large display.
fairly easy to use, reliable, great features, fairly durable
KEYBOARDDDDDD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Keyboard, customizable menus, LOUD speaker phone, radio, voice dial, easy calender/planner
Color screen, great battery, convenient QWERTY keyboard.
qwerty keyboard and text messaging
QWERTY Keyboard, 4 IM Clients, Good Battery Life, FM Radio, my favorite phone...
Color, easy to use, keypad, programs, gallery
keyboard, keyboard, keyboard, voice commands, and a nice battery life compared to similar featured phones
it's colored and has polyphonic ring tones
Feature-rich, long battery life, strong reception, usable, durable
Lightweight, large phonebook, calendar, internal antenna
Voice Recognition, Vibrating ring, IR connectivity w/ PDA, Ring Profiles
Great reception, good size and weight, plenty of useful features
Incredible Battery life and excellent reception
Voice Dialing, ease of use, size and weight
Battery life, reception, good USEFUL features
Reception, excellent infrared synchronization, noise filtering, battery life, operating (menu) system.
Digital,large backlit display and buttons,loaded,accs available in superstores
solid construction, versatile, great reception and clarity, comprehensive manual
Durable!  Lots of great options like voice recorder and infared and call reminders.
added features, light weight
stylish, easy to use, light weight.
Great reception, battery life, features.
Great Nokia easy to use and learn software, bigger screen,lots of features
Small, slim, lightweight, feature rich, cool look
Outstanding battery life, classy appearance, user friendly, solid case
Lightweight stylish phone that uses same accessories as 6162 model
Strong audio quality and long battery life.
ring tones, many menu options, voice dial, loud ringing
3 minute voice recorder, voice functions, large screen, multiple profiles, good calculator.
Infrared support
Good phone overall, with easy-to-navigate menus
Calendar with PC connectivity!
Voice Dialing/Commands
Tiny, extremely lightweight, feature-packed
Voice recognition, hardware, &quot;PIM&quot; features
portability, ease of use, voice dial
Nice Feature, light
Slick, Lightweight, Elephants Are Attracted To It
size, good reception
Great features
Convenient size, VERY easy to use, wireless web
Lightweight, small size, solid build, ease of use.
Durable; withstands "wear and tear." Lets you go online!!
Durable construction means I won't be breaking this one
Small, light, solid construction
Small, Easy to use, Great Clarity
Size, voice dialing capability, accessories
Sprint Holster -good for carrying phone, Jabra earpiece w/ wire microphone  -good
Small, light, very well made, great styling
Battery life, light and slim, Bluetooth!
Bluetooth, GPRS, Tri-band, Email client, Great reception, Decent battery life.
GPRS, WAP, HSCSD, Bluetooth, IrDA, small/stylish design, large phonebook memory, FEATURES & MORE FEATURES
BlueTooth, Size, Battery Life, Design
tiny, lightweight, good looking, well built, well featured, an excellent phone.
Small, Stylish, Discrete.
Web capabilities, Good reviews, moderately priced, wireless headset (btooth)
Small size, light weight, bluetooth, WAP, POP3, GPRS, and on and on and on...
Definitely future-proof!
light good reception
Light, Well Equipped, Good-Looking, Reliable, Superior Battery, Good Signal
Small, sleek, very good battery life, ready for the future, world phone
small & lightweight but not fragile, interface simple and intuitive, sound & reception
Tri-band, Bluetooth, GPRS, Size, Battery Capacity, Vibrating signal
World phone capability, GPRS, Improved design, Bluetooth, Ultra-light, Ultra-thin.
The first ever COLORED Cell Phone!!!
WAP browser, size, weight, features, battery life
very good reception i.e. signal strength. Very good battery life
great features, small size
Straightforward! Attractive! Large "Display"! Durable!  Low price! A Bargain!
Small, lots of options, good battery life, very convenient
Good sound quality, long battery life, nice looks and extensive set of features
Superb reception, ease of use, extra long battery life.
features, portability
Small size, battery life, sound quality
Compact; loaded with features; great battery life
So compact and stylish appearance
Size and weight - no need for carrying clip etc. fits in front pocket.
size, aesthetic,ease of use and battery life
Dimensions, Features
Size, weight, features, customizability
Why  I wanted to buy another NOKIA, is It's one of the better cell phones
Size, Quality
Small, stylish, tons of features
small, light, new features, and very cool looking
Size, solid construction, looks, performance, features
Stylish and sexy.  Great list of features. Beautiful metal casing.
A great looking, feature filled phone.
Size, features, looks
Sharp, tiny, great ergonomics and packed with goodies...
so many features, works well for me
Tiny size, good clip, nice array of features, great battery life.
Small, Stylish, Good battery life, speed and voice dialing
attractive, external display, voice notes
Front LCD, side buttons, clarity
Easily navigable menus, Metal case, Stylish, Reception improving features
Sexy look.  Great Menus.  Indiglo light is the best!  Small size.
Excellent voice quality, construction, and function.
Futuristic look.  Attract attention.  Nice features.  The best out there.
Compact size, lots of features, sleek design
Size, weight, cool look, feels durable, great sound
clamshell design, great reception, good looks, easy to use menu system, low SAR score
Small, deceptively sturdy, intuitive menus, great reception
Sleek metal case, very compact, outstanding sound and reception
External caller ID, Voice Dialing, FM Stereo Radio, VoiceNote voice Recorder, Compactness
The looks of the phone are stunning. Nice and small .
Workhorse disguised as a cool techie toy
Size, design, keypad, scratch resistant metal.
A well built, reliable, professional tool.
size, durability, features, and very user friendly
small, light, great reception, lots of features
Small, sexy phone. Great reception and sound quality.
small size, easy to use, great features
Great size and reception.
Small, lightweight, easily fits in a pocket!
Super Stylish, Cool metallic finish, Great features
Sleek design, compact size, many nice features, very durable, tri-mode.
Great looking; lots of features; trust-worthy name; 400 name phone book.
Compact design, scratch resistant case, voice activated dialing
Indiglo display, dial-pad, menu, external display, phonebook, voice dialing and digital recorder.
Size, style, features
Small, great Reception and sound quality, comfortable to use, can sync contacts
Small, light, durable, great performance - you won't be disappointed
Has all the features, small sleek design, reliable.
Small, light, stylish, intuitive menus, feature-rich, external LCD display, solid feel, large phone book, well-built.
Size, Voice Recognition feature, styling
Very sleek design, external LCD display
Very small, easy to use, great features, amazing battery life
Sleek, Compact, many features.
Sleek design
Very Nice Looking, Status symbol, more ring tones, external display
Reception/Quality, Size, and Look
Reception, voice clarity, size and it just plain looks good!
Very small and lightweight phone!  Great features, ease of use.
Size, Battery life, outside flip display
Size, features, sleek design, external caller ID.
Size, looks, features, intelligent design.
PIM style phone book, Password protection
Looks,Small, Sleek, Light Wieght, good battery life, and Durable
Stylish, compact, easy to use, and VERY durable
Looks, Very Light
Size, caller id on outside, overall nice looking phone
Great sound, improved reception, easy to use, very cool, Data capable
Excellent Sound Clarity, Powerful Antenna, Stylish
Size,battery life,comfort,ease of use,style,weight.
Lightweight, very mobile, and fairly simple to use.
Small size, clarity, appearance, big buttons, fairly simple menus, lightweight, voice dialing
Small, durable, very clear, very trendy.
Compact design (sleek and sexy!), great reception
Metalized-futuristic styling, diminute size, dual screen, flip-open type, good screen
Compact size, ease of use, features
Size/weight, Connects to computer, voice-dial, ease of use
Small size, good reception, voice notes
Small, lightweight, reputable company, decent battery life, loaded w/features
GoodLooking, Dual LCDs, Voice-Active, WAP, Shortcuts Menus, ringtone-composer
Sleek, Functional, sweet phone!
In all seriousness, I cannot list a single positive attribute for this phone.
Use frequently, great phone!
Great call quality&#13;&#10;Nice form factor&#13;&#10;Voice dialing works great
Style, Size, ease of use, pure simple feel of it.
Size, weight, clarity, reception, low SAR
Beautiful,great reception,easy functions,and compact
User friendly, small, excellent sound quality and reception
Ergonomics; Sound quality; Reception; Aesthetically pleasing; User interface; Trimode CDMA
Reception, Battert Life, Styling, Voice Activation, Low Radiation
light, nice blue display, compact
External display
small, cool, solid, easy to use
good sound quality,reception,nice design,ultra stylish,small.
Compact, stylish yet rugged.  Innovative features.
The phone to own!
Star-Trekky look puts you in the 'cool' crowd
sleek, high tech looking, small
Style, Features, Size, Signal/Reception
Small, lightweight, good reception
Looks great,works great, easy to use
Sound quality is great, size is perfect, menus are easy to understand
Motorola i90c for Nextel is cheaper with same body style and more useful features
best phone ive ever had
Small, Sexy
Voice Dialing
small size, menus good
This phone is light weight.
Small and suprisingly heavy!
Good-looking. Lightweight.  Phone of the Moment!
Size, looks, sound quality
Design, Caller ID on outside, Size
light and small, great sound quality, easy to use, looks great
nice looking and that is it!
Nice looking, small, light
Stylish,sexy,cool
Many features and functions, easy to use, flip phone, excellent quality
Light, compact, simple, durable and attractive.
small and it folds
Cool
Nice looking phone
It's a Motorola, tri-band, custom menus, new software, did I mention it's a Motorola!
Indestructible Titanium case a new wrinkle in an otherwise board-to-tears phone industry.
3.5oz, Caller ID outside/inside, extremely clear, sleek and stylish
very good phone & battery
Compact and metallic body.
Small, Light weight
Great size and style.
High price makes you look like you have a lot of money to blow
Feels great in hand, looks handsome, great talk quality, clear display
Design, functionality and short learning curve
Size, Weight, Link to your comp.
Reliable, Stylish
Outstanding call quality, Small convenient size, Lots of features
Nice looking
Cool looking
sleek design, small form factor, good reception & battery life
Small, decent coverage. Not worth the price.
Size, style, voice dialing.
Small, lightweight
Sleek and ergonomic design
Small.  Light.  Feature/Function packed.
size, metal casing, great looks, outside caller id and info screen, tri-band GSM, GPRS
Small size, incredibly sturdy, external date, time & caller ID, long battery life, alarm.
Extremely durable (Washing machine safe apparently)
Antenna fixed, solid construction, nice speakerphone
Price into free fall,cheap if you can find one. A really good cell phone.
You can get one for cheap now with a mail-in rebate.
Size, battery life
Compact, light, and cute.
Tons of features, camera, radio, well-designed menu system
Features galore, Customisability, Excellent Battery Life.
Radio, Camera, Games, Customizable, Cool Design!
Small size and Calender with reminder option features are great,
Speaker phone, camera, FM radio, flashlight, durable
Battery life, trendy design, easy to use, excellent after sales
affordable, good FM radio, love the torchlight function.
Camera
lots of features
Speaker phone, FM radio, small and lightweight
flashlight, radio, speakerphone, battery lasts forever
Look cool.  Built well.  Good reception.  It's a Nokia.
Battery life, reception, perfect size (for me, at least), & rubberized coating for easy grip
Durability & small size
Strong and durable
Rubberised Coating, Extended Battery life compared to TX210
Sleek and handsome looks, nicely rubberized, dual back-lighting
Battery life, reception, durability, solid keys
extremely rugged, good contact functionality, messaging
Light weight, durable casing, easy to use and most of all reception
Great phone, durable, speaker phone
Small, handsome, light easy to use and program, lots, and lots of features.
*Rugged Rubberized Grip
Small size, GREAT battery life, built-in vibrate function, dual illumination, intuitive memory approach.
Extremely durable--military specs.
Battery Life, Durability, Phone book (the way it stores entries), Display light, sound clarity
Almost unbreakable, just the right size, rubberized grip, excellent LCD display
Durable, Long battery life, Inexpensive this list goes on...
Clear sound, light weight, easy search directory, durable, great speaker phone feature and sturdy buttons.
battery life, ability to enter multiple numbers for one person, durability, display
very light, and small
this phone is all that and more!it does everything i need it to do
Tough case and stable signals.
ruggedness, battery life, multi-band operation, logical operation
Amazing features that are technological marvels, a good phone,
Lightweight,looks great,hands free
Gobs o' features, including speakerphone and voice dialing.  Super cool looks, great quality, easy navigation.
The speakerphone and voice dialing features are great for people always on the go.
Sleek, lightweight, speakerphone, keyguard, good reception, lots of other features!
Sleek and Sexy, High Performance
Dual-band, built-in speakerphone, feature-packed
Tons of features, speakerphone, voice dial.
Unlimited features and light as a feather.
Ummm none?
Speaker Phone, Tons of Gadgets
size, battery, voice dial, speakerphone
Excellent voice quality, superb battery life, quality construction
size, style, features, durability
Packed with useful features, cool backlit LCD, well built
Features, Features, Features
bright backlight, intuitive text input, PIM, voice dialing, auto answer, speakerphone
Appearance/Features
Speaker phone, Voice activated dialing, Long battery life, Affordable, Stylish design.
So Many Features, Even more Features, Clarity, Price, Speaker phone, etc...
Voice dialing, terrific battery life, great reception!
Voice Activated Dialing, Speakerphone, Great Interface Qualities, Longest Battery Life to Date
Solid phone with highly usable menus and great quality
speaker, headphone jack, light, blue screen, battery charge, looks
Lots of features, lots of battery life
functions and clarity
Clarity, Speakerphone, Phone Book, Voice Dial and Ring, Battery Life,Size
Long Battery Life, Indiglo, Non-Flip-Style, Travel Charger, Feature-Packed
Clear reception, Speakerphone, Voice-Activated dialing, Voice Mail, Backlit screen, Memos/Calendar
SMALL, SLEEK, COOL, and it works well.
Reception; Sound Quality; Speakerphone; Display; Stand-by Time
Loaded with features, and the battery lasts forever.
small, lightweight, luminated keypad
Lightweight yet durable, many nice features and excellent battery life!
Voice dial, high number holding capacity
Voice ringer, bright display, many feature sets, smart button placements, quick phonebook searches
Display, battery life, menus
Indiglo display backlight, sleek design, solid features, speakerphone.
style, many cool features
Great reception, very stylish, long battery life.
Functional features, speaker, voice activation, pretty and legible blue screen.
Small, Light, Cute, Speaker Phone
Lightweight, lot's of cool features for a great price!
Easiest phone to use, once learned.&#13;&#10;Awsome quality, durability, and battery.
New Options: Speakerphone, Voice Dialing & a Stronger Signal
Cool Styling, Speakerphone, Voice Memo
size, sound quality, weight.
Fun and Functional
Great non-flip, well featured phone with newer technology others will follow.
lightweight, versatile, attractive, slim, tons of features
Great backlight, reception and easy to use.
Keypad, lightweight, easy navigation.
Nothing like my wife.
Fantastic battery life, speakerphone, high-contrast display, charger.
Long battery life. Handsfree via earpiece of speakerphone. Voice recorder.
Speaker, Voice activation, screen size, wireless web
Speakerphone, Indiglo
Speakerphone, Display, Ringers, Features in General
indiglo back lighting
INSANE battery life, gobs o' features, cool looking phone, lots more
Good battery and nice display
new features
Tons of features, wireless internet.
Speakerphone, BRIGHT SCREEN, nice menus. Perfect choice.
Speakerphone. Tons of features.
Excellent Reception!  Great Speaker Phone!  Very clear and very durable!
Neat speaker phone, great buttons, excellent sound, amazing battery life.
Speaker phone, games, many different rings, calculator, etc.
call clarity, battery life, speaker phone, voice dial, internet
Excellent speaker phone,voice ringer,ringers
Feature rich, ease of use, length of battery
Size &amp; Technology
Great features
Size,  sound quality, and appearance
Has all the features you could want.
Bells and whistles , long battery life , good reception
Great clarity, built-in speaker phone, looks sharp, easy to use, and VERY Cool
Light, small, great sound quality
Good sound through the handset
Easy to use. Small size.  Plenty of features
Clear, Solid, Not a flip phone, Robust features, Web, Spkr phone
FULL DUPLEX SPEAKER PHONE (IT WORKS!) WITH ONE TOUCH SPEAKER ACTIVATION- VOICE ACTIVATED DIALING
Good screen, speakerphone, long battery life, lots of features.
Excellent features.  Near perfect speakerphone.  Durability.  Battery life.  Standard headset jack.
speakerphone, durable, battery life
Lots of promising features, but...
everything is easy to use and the funtions are great
sturdy, menus, phone book search
Very sleek with awesome features.  Backlit screen is nice.
Clear connection, long battery life, attractive.
Feature rich&#13;&#10;Fairly durable&#13;&#10;Good battery life
Perfect size for a non-flip phone. Easy to navigate menu. Great speaker phone.
loaded with functions, voice ringer and battery life
Glowing backlight, reception, speakerphone, excellent quality and reliable
Speaker phone, sound quality
Strong Construction, Durable, Has all the goodies
Small, long battery, lots of features
Vibrate ringer,  voice dial, speaker phone, call quality, compact size, battery life, wireless internet.
it looks great, slim and stylist!
Many, Many features&#13;&#10;Great call quality
Speakerphone, Cool Indiglo Screen, Voice Dialing, Web Access
Extremely practical, yet very cool!
The best Phone Out there so far!
Crisp and clear speakerphone,loads of features, super screen, it talks to me!
Battery Lasts Forever.  Can Do Everything Except The Dishes.
light weight, durable, small.
Features,lighting,durability,easy to use
Basic well functioned phone for....  $7.00! Yes $7.00
Great phone, Speakerphone is very handy
Clear, Easy & Wonderful
sleek design
Large screen, easy menus, good signal
Durable, can be dropped.&#13;&#10;Awesome speaker, great sound.&#13;&#10;Good reception.&#13;&#10;Good button placement.
Compact, Indiglo, Evironment Feature
Fun while it lasts, until you drop it too many times
Compact, Indiglo, Evironment Feature
Nice phone, easy to use, good reception
Speakerphone, voice dialing, cool blue light.
Size, Speakerphone, Quality
Great battery life, great reception, good features.
This is the Cell Phone to have for those on the run.
Voice calling and promting, light weight and seems durable
Great phone, super great options worth the purchase
see the review
Battery, Ergonomics
Great phone!
ease of use and nice features
Too many to list
Wow, where to start? Clarity, functionality, BLUETOOTH, IR, superior battery life.
Tons of great features, easy to use, Bluetooth, sound quality, battery life
A fantastic phone. Love every minute of it. Simple but full at once.
Simple. Powerful.
Standby, Bluetooth, GPRS, weight, everything else
durable, robust, feature rich, gold standard.
*Excellent* battery life, lightweight, sensibly sized, easy menu system, java
Blue Screen Outstanding Voice Quality, Flexible.GPRS,Bluetooth, And Software
Battery life, usability, sound
GPRS, Bluetooth, ability to upload Java programs, great reception and battery life, good menu, solid
Reliable, light, long battery time
Durability, size, menus
sturdy
Good battery life, nice keys, bluetooth
GSM and TDMA.
interface, compatibility with earlier models
Small, light, takes pictures, good sound, great functions, games.
Bright main display, good design and styling, convenient swivel camera, intuitive layout.
Clear large screen
Camera, camera, camera.  Variety of features, sensible menus, solid feel, did I mention the camera?
GREAT CLARITY, easy to use, cool camera, great sounding ringtones, great 65,000 color screen.
An excellent phone packed with what a user would need of a mobile handset.
Built-in digital camera, 65,000 color TFD main display, t-zones internet capable, SMS templates
color lcd, picture phone, 40 polyphonic ring tones
Light and Sleek, built in camera, color and a world wide phone!
Solid construction, very reliable, holds charge well, handy camera, easy to use.
next best thing to a cool looking non-exposed-keypad cell phone
Very small, light, camera is built-in.
Feels solid, nice ring tones, bright display.
Very attractive, Poly Ringtones, Easy to  use
Weight/Shape Balanced. Superior LCD. Usable ( not junk ) Features. Versatile Connectivity.
Lightweight, pictures are decent.
Clarity, ringtones, attached phone, weight, size, battery life.
Cool design and good sound quality in polyphonics(MMF).
compact...clarity...
Cheap, portable, and very easy to use.
Nice slim design; no visible antenna; big display; Picture messages; EMS; WAP; Cheap price.
Sleek and slim look, Excellent battery life, Good reception.
Sliding cover phone, computer and palm pilot all rolled into one!
Large memory, good battery, comes with all the necessary components
Does everything.  After a while you won't know how you got along without it.
Features, Screen Size, Scroll Button, Slide Cover
Most advanced model in standard, a voice set, cable and earphone in a package
Big screen, size/weight, great organizer, great reception, NaviRoller, voice dialing, long battery life, neat features
Nice big screen.  Long battery life.  Lots of features.  Great organizer.  Built well
Compatability, ease of use, batery life, signal strength, looks
Sliding cover that does not need to used; NaviRoller; large memory
Screen and font size, and features.
Acts as PDA, easy to read screen, predictive typing, Othello/Reversi game, voice dialing
Big screen; roller thing; nice design; good battery life; predictive text input; voice tags
Slick, Stylish, Features, Keypad cover
Good features and nice screen.
Text messaging,navi-roller, sliding cover, its a NOKIA
large screen, battery life, sliding cover, calendar, calculator. curved shape fits your hip.
Great display, tons of features, direct connect to Palm and PC without a modem.
Everything from Style to Functionality
Ease of use. Similarity to the 7110
Functional, stylish design, easy to use, and easy to read screen
Store 1000 names on the phone...Its light to carry around....
great phone for a low price!
I like the slide up feature because my hubby is always hitting something
awesome look,feel and design
Lots of features, games, and connectivity, good battery
Long Battery Life, Large Display, Digital/Data Compatible
Battery life, internet and e-mail capabilities, and popularity
The 7160 has fewer dropped calls when vs. 6160 or 6161.
Styling, performance and features, external Caller ID
Compact, sleek, attractive, loud ring
Sharp, tiny, great ergonomics, packed with features, BETTER ANTENNA
Nice features, flip convenience, strong reception.
Small, Smart, Tough-Skinned and a long-lasting battery.
Long battery life, easy to use, excellent size.
EVERYTHING
Compact, stylish, good buttons, great screen clarity, external window
Very small, sturdy, and feature filled
Best small phone since the Nokia 262!
Stylish, Small, Light, Great Reception, Convenient Caller ID Screen, Clear Calls
sophisticated, stylish, small yet good size
Ultra compact, durable and stylish!
Small size, ease of use, clear controls
Comfortable design, big buttons, small and light
stylish, voice activated dialing
Tough little phone.  Easy to hear conversations.  Good voice
Everything
Small, lots of features, great reception.
Sleek design , intuitive functions , loads of options
Can take a bit of abuse, looks VERY professional
Battery life, signal reception, PCS messaging, address book, voice recognition
External Caller ID Screen
-Clarity
Looks great, small
Great phone all around.
The Motorola V60t is compact and sleek.
easy to use
practical and nice!
Excellent sound quality,reception,good battery life,loaded w.features...voice dialing,etc
Very Small, Very Clear, Great Features, Very Easy To Use
very small, very light, very cool
Great reception, internet capable, Size,
Small size, comfortable feel, "cool" design, easy-to-use interface.
Small, New Display Screen
Reception and size
Small
Smallest available, great function
Small, Stylish, Wireless Web
Very small, very "cool," great reception
Innovative, voice dialing, internet
Looks like a spaceship. Fairly durable. Can't see it unless using a microscope.
Small, Light, Beautiful, Easy To use
Small
Small, convenient clarity
size, battery, internet
Size
Lightweight, Sturdy, Good sound quality, internet access.
durable, small. clarity
size, size and size, simplicity, durability, clarity.
works well, cute, lots of features
small, light and very versatile phone with great sound and functionality.
Long battery life.  Compact size.  Nice color screen.
Light weight, intuitive, attractive, affordable
Cute, light weight, compact, decent display screen
Nice screen, okay reception, very small phone.
Overall sound quality, durability, size, battery life, features, quality, price
Size, weight, outstanding screen, ease of use, quick menu access, plenty of features.
Animation of the phone was cool
Style
In general, this is a light, reliable, cheap no-frills phone. Good audio quality and reception.
Thin profile, lightweight, and large, vivid color display. Clear audio and easy to use.
Ultra small size, very light-weight. Good set of features for a small phone.
Lightweight, nice design, clear display
Light
its cool and cute
Reception, Menu, Memory, Organizer, Handsfree Port, Service light
The phone itself is cool.  good ringtones, small, sleek.
Size, portability, metal case, style, battery life, games, screen quality, *durability*
Pretty phone, a lot of features as far as making the phone look good.
Cute, stylish, not that expensive
Lightweight, compact, easy to use, nice color screen
Small,color screen,(loud)poly ringers,picks up great.
small, stylish, lightweight, color screen
Nice looking, clear screen.
Funky, sexy, easy to use
Good looking
Radio.  Global coverage.  Camera.  Great look.  Great size.
Looks, Desirability, Screen
Colored screen, built in camera, looks elegant, tri-band and MMS capable
tailorable menu shortcuts, speaker for quick hands free option
Small changes from the 7210/6610 make this an outstanding phone.
Colour Screen, Polyphonic ringtones, camera, games
a attractive solid easy to use compact fully spec'd out phone
Very, very solid.  Quite light and small.  Looks sort of funky.
Trendy, Tough AND Unique
Different covers, shock proof, good clear sound
Small and compact.
all the features
clear, small, lightweight
Tons of features, good everywhere, long lasting battery, and games for when you get bored.
Many handy features
size, cost , utility
small, clear sound, good batter life
workhorse that doesn't give up
Very light, easy to use, state-of-the-art battery life
Battery Life, Durable
Excellent sound quality, long standby and talk time, light weight, works on digital and analog
light, compact, good features, usually strong signal and large calling radius.
Great options, very few drop calls
One rate plan compatible, dual band dual mode phone, call I.D. call waiting
Many options and small size
Quality, Design, Durability, Features, Value
A plethora of options
It's got games, a calendar, and a 199-number memory.
Small, great sound, many features
small, light, great sound, phone book, calender, too much to list!
Small, Lightweight, Attractive, Battery Life
Small. lightweight, great reception, so many features
Great design, solid, swappable face plate
Battery life, durability, sound quality
Multiple features, long battery life
Style, Features.
Talk time, standby time, rugged
numerous functions, good clarity, personalized settings, long battery life.
Easy to use, numerous easy to use features, changeable color plates
Good battery life
Amazing battery life, excellent user friendliness
Clarity, Portability
good software, lots of accessories
GSM, price, features
light-weight, good information storage, strong after-market, good styling and size
Great overall phone - easy to use and many accessories available
Battery life, sound quality, ease of use
Battery life, build quality, small size
Very portable, very long battery life, easy to use.
Works as advertised
good quality phone with plenty of features
all around good phone
reliable and lightweight
Clear, simple, solid, and long battery life
Good size, durable, many accessories, long talktime
Superb sound quality, durability, and options
Size, sound clarity, digital
lots of options, sounds clear, easy to use
Easy to Use, Durable, Cool Tunes!
build quality, easy of use, battery life
Snake is a lotta fun
Good talktime, Lotta features.
Size and digital quality
Good cell phone
Large Phone # memory. Simple Dialing.
Excellent talk time, battery life and menu interface
You can make a call, generally.
Size, battery life, software
compact, various ring selections, excellent battery life
Nationwide use.
feature rich (calendar, calculator, games, ring types)
Weight, size, battery, antenna, shell
Awesome form factor-- shape, weight, colored faceplates
small, customizable
Excellent features
Memory storage is huge
feature-loaded; adaptable appearance; very portable; decent reception on most service types
Relatively nice in size and style; equipped with useful set-in features; can decorate with many different color tops, plastic window and buttons.
calculator, dated alarm, excellent tech support
Rugged,  Small and Reliable with nice features
complete with pager
stylish, super long battery life, excellent menu UI
Design, digital reception, size and weight
Extended Battery Time, Calculator, Calendar, Phone Memory, Small Size and Weight
Techie features
Lots of options, great design
lightweight, durable, long battery life, many features,
Low ELF emissions
Simple, stylish package
Small enough to handle easily
User Friendly, Easy to Use, Long standby &amp; talk time
Reception, battery life, menus
everything about it
Cool look, great features
Great sound quality, very little or no static, sleek design
Small, handy
small, lightweight, many features
Handi and nice to have
LOOOONG battery life and great reception with many calling features.
Safety
Size, Shape, Smell, Taste, Feel
Good clarity, ease of use, and nicely designed.
Low Price, Connections, Hands Free, Caller ID
Light weight, great sound quality, awesome battery life
Clarity
Long battery life, can be cradled on shoulder
Sleek Styling, Memory
can change the face plate
Soild engineering, tried-and-true phone
Long battery life
Great features, small package
Great features, slim design, good accessories available
Good clarity, solid construction, great features, decent size
It is a great Phone
Games, special rings
good phone
Features, Talk time
Solid, good reception
size, appearance, and &quot;everyday&quot; features
small &amp; light
The phone is wonderful, everything in one little package!!!
features and more features, durability
Lightweight, features, looks
Crisp sound, fun games, excellent battery life
small, great reception, simple
Durable, good size, long battery life.
features, light-weight, battery life on standby
services, digital support
Great reception, excellent battery life, well considered convenience features
Sleek great phone
Durability, Accesories, Battery Life
Light, durable, comes with 4 games, many different ringing options, easy to use interface
reliable product
small enough to carry with you
Easy to use, portable, efficient &amp; entertaining
Ease of use, reliable and durable
great size, easy-to-use, long battery life
Its waste of time features
great battery life
Clarity and Sound
safe, strong, reliable, changing colors, extra features, longest talk time and standby time in the industry.
Lots functions, nice price, nice look, nice size...  you get the point.
Chic, classy...can fit in your pocket, bag etc..Colorful..
Small, easy to use
Everything including battery life, call clarity, size and weight, and ease of use
Long battery life, easy to use
Easy to handle, no flip front!
Compact, and easy to use
Great features, reception, reliability
Full featured, has everything and some.
Good battery life, price, overall good performance.
blocks roaming charges, nice looking, sturdy antenna
Everything
small, stylish, easy to understand menus
Great phone, good size, clarity, etc.
Well Balanced phone
Good and durable
complete, not expensive, shape, functional, easy
blocks roaming charges, nice looking, sturdy antenna
nice games, right size, decent battery life, different from the 5160
Simple to use, Good sound
long battery life
alot
long battery,loud and clear.
3
Best cell phone on the Market
technological marvel
Several features
Size, battery life, use-ability
Quality, Features
Price, Product
easy to use, hangs on belt clip nicely
Great features, convenient size
Small, lightweight size, Features, Incredible call clarity
Size, transmission and reception of calls
Features, Sound Quality
a great phone most of the time
Profiles, big address book, reliable
Great battery life
Personal Features, Size,and Price
Everything
Easy to Use, Light, Long battery life
long battery life, extremely good product design
Size, features, coverage.
Great Features
great battery life, easy to use menus, great quality
all of the above
battery life, reception, features
Light, small, powerful
it is very good
Very easy to use, good battery life, excellent reception.
Everything
top of the line
nice design, easy to use
Sturdy, good-looking, easy to use, helpful features
nice little and durable phone
easy to use
Small, lightweight, great features
Small, flip, colorful!
Clear Calls, Excellent Reception, "Cool" factor, Good Battery Life
65K Color Screen, Features, Weight, Signal Strength, Battery Life
Excellent color screen, decent OEM battery life (for a color phone)
Screen, size and battery life.
BETTER BATTERY LIFE! BETTER CALL QUALITY!
Feature packed phone that does just about everything imaginable.
Screen, Verizon-free downloads, style, quality, features, GPS
Color screen, line quality, ringtones, alarm clock features, stylish and modern phone!
Bright LCD Screen, External LCD, Clear and Beautiful Ringtones
Small, lightweight, awesome color screen and many features
voice quality, voice dialing, color screen, interface, size
Outstanding reception, easy to use.
Colour screen, flip phone design,
small, brilliant screen, great reception, voice dial
Excellent phone with great reception and ergonomics and simple to use.
Nice, easily read screen, good reception, thoughtfully designed, easy & accurate voice dialing
call quality, size&weight, style, ease of use, external LCD, well built
Has a great color internal LCD screen.
Beautiful color display and graphics; nice layout; good size and shape
Almost everything! Excellent reception, cool color screen, no problems so far.
Colorful, voice recognition
Clear display, loud and clear sound, intuitive menus
Very good voice clarity
Small but not too small, Very user friendly, Battery doesn't run out, Great colors
Excellent reception, beautiful color screen, great volume level (if not a little too loud sometimes).
Durability, Looks, Color Screen, Features.
display, design, features
Great options, built strong, pleasing look, good clarity.
GPS 911, great sound, loud ringtone, compact
battery life, digit buttons, loud rings, tri-mode,
Clarity, reception, size, overall quality.
Good reception, easy to read keypad and display, good battery life, attractive styling
Gorgeous color screen, great battery life
Nice color screen, good battery life for color screen phone
Great reception, clarity of calls, color screen, basically a pretty fun little phone.
Features, user interface, build quality, battery life,
Better than average voice quality
Nice standard ring tones; I like the flip phone style
Battery Life
Solid case. Good display. Big, spaced out number keys.
Outer display, ability to assign ringers & photos to callers, chic factor, keypad, voice-activation
Just about everything.
Ease of use, options, comfort on the eyes
Color Screen, Voice Dialing
Vibrant Display, Excellent Sound Quality
Small, compact, great screen
Battery, Sound quality, Features, Screen
Great Phone
Ease of use...great color, size....ease of menu...ease of downloads...Get It Now...battery, so far.
Color display, user-friendly, high-technology, fast menus, great functionality.
Great features...color display, voice dialing, great rings........low price.
Good reception, backlighting, easy menus, voice dial
Small, Color, Excellent reception, Changable backgrounds, and ringers.  Games. Expensive!!
Display, looks, battery life
Color screen. Nice basic accessories. Easy to navigate, and to spell out names. Fun games.
reliable as heck, useful features, nice looks, VERIZON
Screen, ringer volume, clarity, coverage, ringer tones, antenna
light weight, lots of features
Beautiful colored screen and lots of options. Love the blue lighted keys.
Menus are a breeze to navigate.  Good clear signal. Awesome sound quality.
GREAT Volume, buttons, battery life, Bright Screens (inside and out).
bright screen, nice features
Screen, battery, sounds,
Lightweight, clear calls
price, performance, bettery
Good voice quality, nice firmware features, small profile, good battery life.
Size, options, durability
Cool features.
Kewl rings. The ability to change colors of external screen.
Great interface
Rich color display.
Overall Quality
Silvery futuristic exterior
Great color screen, good volume, nice size.
Great Service, very Colorful, decent battery life for a phone, many features
It's color, I got it free after rebates at Verizon. Has features
Great screen and features
External caller ID. That's about it.
User Interface; color screen; blue keys
It has a camera, comes free sometimes with a signed contract.
Awesome look, awesome ringtones, tons of features, 'get-it-now' enabled.
NONE WHATSOEVER
Durability, interface, battery.
easy to use, web, color, durable,
Color phone, easy phonebook, text messaging, web (easy to use), You get one free ringtone download, easy to customize, very few lost calls, can take a beating ( threw it around like my car keys), can download whatever song you want with GET IT NOW (ringtones, wallpapers), voice dialing, easy to figure out all options, good service,
Free with some plans
Small, flip phone, easy to use
pics;video;testing;extra service numbers
Color screen, easy menu
long battery life, durable, charges fast
snappy little phone, i like the color screen, i really like the voice dialing.
Good features, operationally sound, good battery life
Great phone, Excellent Reception
It's 99.9% perfect
You can't kill it
color screen,good reception, good battery life, fun rings
nice color screen.  small size.  can download different tones, pics, etc.
Great displays, lighted keys, reasonable battery life, comfortable and substantial feel in hand.
Nice features
Different color choices and pictures.  Voice activated, speed dialing, small.
Durability
Flip phone, easy menus, attractive, games
nice simple messaging features, excellent color display,  reasonable battery life
everything is good except for the battery.
Lightweight, great screen resolutoin, logical menu and navigation.
Nice size, clear screen.
Great sound quality, amazing features
advanced features, color
Reasonably priced, great quality and sound.
Price (free with contract), sound quality, features, customization available
Lots of features for a "cheap" phone.
Has everything you need and more.
Very easy to use, inexpensive. Jam-packed with awesome features and games.
Good cheap phone
small, no external antennae, no flip, great features
Has a lot of easy-to-use features, excellent reception, very portable
Light weight, good reception, nice looking, easy to use.
Good quality, resonable price, very easy to use.
Intergrated antenna, interchangable covers, nice looks, good reception, lots of features, small size.
Plenty of customisable covers; great games; voice- and one-touch dialing; durable; vibrating alert; internal antenna
Good features, durable, stylish.
Sleek, Elegant and sporty if you want it to be. Strong reception, Light weight.
Small phone, great features, good reception
Good reception, no antenna.
Small, light, no antenna, great alarm clock, vibrator.
Small, beautiful, customizable phone. Has the most features of any phone in the US!
small, lightweight, cool faceplates, voice recognition, inexpensive
Nice and compact, chock full o' features, sturdy for its size, and VIBRATING!
Easy to use, easy options, helpful guides
Light weight, Clear sound quality, loads of other features
Small, with clear sound and nice screen.
Small, Sounds Great, Great Battery Life, Easy To "Get To Know"!!!
Good features and sound clarity as long as you have a good signal.  VERY RUGGED!
Price, sound quality, craftsmanship, features, customizable
Great features, very light but not too small.
The Phone is Small, Clear, Durable (I've dropped it...), and Easy to Use.
Very small; tons of features; no special battery required for vibrate mode.
No Attenna, Small/Lightweight, Good Signal Reception, Fits Anywhere!
Small, good battery life, intuitive to use.
Features, menu, downloadable ringtones and operator logo, good RF and voice quality.
Cool games, lots of features!
Size and easy access to numbers unlike smaller phones.  Not a flip-up phone
Light stylish and easy to use.
Lots of customizable features, games and it's a Nokia.
small, lightweight
Size, customizability, lots of features
compact size, hidden antennae, games, calendar and calculator,
small and very portable, vibration, ring tone composer
Small, Internal Antenna, Customizable
Small, Lightweight, Changeable faceplates, downloadable ringtones, simple, easy-to-use
is easy to use and is great options
Low Price, Excellent Reception, Fully Customizable
Light, very portable.
Small, loud ring, inexpensive for the new user
Small;lots of features; full customizable; unbeatable price
Small, cheap - actually it's free with some providers.
Cool screensavers, cute ringtones, interior antennae
Small size with big size sound
Small and lightweight, and still durable.
small, very durable, AIM installed on some, spacious keys
What you want in a cellphone, Nokia 3390 has it all for you.
compact size, light weight, powerful features, easy to use
Small, Light, Features, Battery life, free headset & vibrating battery
It's great and easy
powerful antennae, easy to use, compose ring tones
Easy to use, looks nice, small & light, just a great phone.
Small, feature enhanced, new edge phone that scores cool points.
Great Price, Nice Size, Plenty of Features, Clear, Quality Sound
No external antenna, good key size, lots of useful features
small, compact, durable, stylish
User-friendly interface, more options than earlier models, SIM card
Free, durable, customizable, good battery life, AIM, voice dialing, and easy navigation.
Nice Size, Easy to Use
Stylish, functional, relatively cheap, full of gadget-like features! :-D
Light weight, perfect size, great reception, and great battery strength
Cute styling, good games, great clarity (voicestream), personalization options
Many great functions with large screen and buttons.
small, affordable, stylish, replaceable front AND back covers, music composer, much more
Colorful Faceplates, Great Reception, Easy to use interface
Sleek and good price
Durable, easily portable, light, clear, nice features, nice phone!
Easy to use,Tough
short, attractive compact and cheap
Small, User-friendly, Intuitive, Good battery life
Compact , fits in a pocket , durable , easy to use
Size, and Weight, Profiles
Small, easy to use, clarity, cool settings
Great battery life, awesome games, compact, and durable.&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;
Nice Candy design, Lots of Featured
Size and Weight&#13;&#10;Features, and NO ANTENNA!
Great compact size(not too small), lightweight, tons of features, back and front changeable faceplates
small, easy of use, good reception, no external antenna to break
cheap, easy to use, personal, good sound/signal
Nice,good size, fun games, great features
Many great deals for this phone
It is very affordable, it's small and fits anywhere meaning you can take it anywhere.
I love this phone! It has a great, sturdy case, and many features.
Cute. Small. No annoying antenna sticking out.
I can personalize my phone as much as I want.
good service, voice tags, assigned ring tones
Small
Small size, excellent clarity
very lite, doesn't take up a lot of room
Voice Dialing, Navigation in menus while on a call, and a Ring tone composer.
Sleek, Compact, Stylish, Many Features
Its small and compact with great features.
compact,inherits the Nokia family characteristics,nice color,multi-functions
Text message, up to 2 hours and 40 minutes talk time
Many options/light weight/games/stores 99 names/numbers
Front AND back faceplates, ringtone composer, calendar, alarm, messaging
Many great features
I got it for cheap, good battery life and good reception.
light weight, portability, not many have it, affordable, quality, ease of use
Great features in a small phone.
Small Compact Versatile Cell
Feature rich, good performance, excellent battery life, great overall value.
Internal antenna, voice dialing, price, custom faceplates, durability, readily available accessories at local stores.
Very simple to use, nice small size.
New operating system is awesome.
Great style! Very easy to use! Lightweight!
Great Price and Value
intuitive to use, easy to access functions.
Small enough to fit in your pocket
Small, so many accessories it's hard to chose one :)
good phone
small-but bigger than 8260,&#13;&#10;good button feedback,&#13;&#10;easy to read screen, great sound
Small, extra covers are cheap, AIM access
Sound and alarm
Better reception than previous models&#13;&#10;Less flatlines&#13;&#10;Cheap&#13;&#10;Compact&#13;&#10;Lightweight&#13;&#10;Easy to use&#13;&#10;Newer games
Great little phone, stylish and functional
Solid phone.  Easy, fun, not too expensive.
Lots of options, digital, fairly easy to use
Very small,light weighted,changeable faceplates
You cannot break this phone. Period.
reception, sound quality, compose your own ring, easy txt msging, price
Email, caller ID, voice mail, and aol instant messenger.
EVERYTHING
works well
text messaging, screen savers, inexpensive, durable, the perfect size.
good calling service, good features, more games, good graphics
Small and compact, good battery life, durable, voice dialing
Easy interface, decent battery time
slim phone, looks really nice, great reception
Excellent phone with tons of features.
Still works fine.
Excellent sound and battery, price (mine was free), reception
good reception, plenty of features
more stylish, lots of accessories, text messaging, customizable features
Caller ID, Alarm clock, Love the choice of face plates
Nice form-factor, Long battery life, Good reception, Lots of accessories
Excellent phone
Easy to use, tons of options,immediate connection to family and friends
Long Lasting Battery, Fun to use!
Solid, reliable, feature-rich, easy to use.
Light, user friendly, one key call, send and disconnect.
Good digital sound quality and battery life
Small, light weight, very portable, great power, long lasting, lots of features
Up to date technology, great features
Reliable, perfect size, all around great phone
inter-changable faceplates, inexpensive yet high quality, many features
Digital Phone, with ability to send SMS messages and e-mail
EASY TO USE!!  Very great selection of features, quality and price!  ACCESSORIES!
Customizable, good battery life, takes a beating
Intuitive design, Good size, Good community
SMS, Easy to use
Price, downloadable ringtones, text messages and email
More styling then 5160, &amp; has T-9 Predictive Text Capability
Simple; easy to use; built like a tank (but only 14 oz)
Fairly well featured
Light and fun!
Good clarity, many customizable features, and good size display.
Ease of use, works with many prepaid services, low price.
easy to use, e-mail, messages, alarm clock, etc.
Low cost, simplicity, extra features.
wide variety of face plates, easy to use, not very big, tons of features
Extremely customizable; excellent sound; great features; fun games; inexpensive.
Typical Nokia quality, easy to use, decent features for the money, cool new looks
Easy to use, can change the colors on the face and download tones
Nice size and weight, good selection of features, value
Lightweight and Stylish, Great Clarity, Durable
standard, good battery, good sound quality, custom ringtones, optional covers
Great feel, extremely easy to use, intuitive, long battery life, lots of options
THE Honda civic of cell phones!
Small, easy to use, clear as a bell, cool number storage option
Sturdy, Good Battery Life, Faceplates.
changable color covers. voice mail, caller id, long battery life
Durable, easy to use, economical, good looking phone, many extra features
Good reception/features/battery life/size
Economic, lots of features, replaceable covers.
Easy to Use, Decent Battery Life, Inexpensive
It has great tunes, games....
Easy to use and durable
size, price
Lightweight, couple of games, alarm clock. Nice phone for the buck.
Simple phone to use. Doesn't need the bells & whistles like others.
Great Features, Kewler look than 5100 series.
numerous generic accessories available, tones available for download from the web
good reception, easy to use
easy to use, many available ring tones
Price:  Often "free" with a multi-year plan; balance of features, reliability.
nice shape, used by many people, caller ID, custom face plates
Excellent design, ergonomic, good battery life, well designed menu.
User friendly
the blue face meant I didn't need to spend $20 more on a face plate
Good styling&#13;&#10;changeable faceplates&#13;&#10;AWESOME battery life&#13;&#10;keyguard
good unit
Attractive, multi function phone
No-nonsense solid little phone.
Long battery life, voice mail, caller ID, games, and a very easy to use menu.
The phone is comfortable and easy to use long battery life
Easy to change faceplates, easy to use
Small enough to fit in a pocket, but not so small that it's easily broken.
Trimode (Analog/Digital/PCS), easy to use, perfect for high school/college students
handy, practical, the games are neat.
lots of features, cheap, great accesories, easy to use
clarity, ease of use, cool "kinda" new look
Incredible Battery Life.  Perfect size, not to large not to small.  Great reception!
Battery Life, Great Phone Reception, Easy to Use
Interchangeable face plates, Accessories everywhere, quality, durable.
Comfortable to talk on, color covers, priced right
Its small, versatile, and affordable.
Lots of features, sounds like a regular phone, adorable, compact, and fun
Phone performs very well.
Looks nice, sounds nice, is nice
Ease of use, great features, voice clarity excellent
it is a light wieght phone with many options
Relatively small, reliable.
Easy to use, cheap price, e-mail options, instant message options, etc.
Great features , easy to use, great reception, durable
easy to use
Good Reception and solid.
Durable, sexy!
nice faceplates, 1-touch dialing, lots of space for numbers
Inexpensive, good quality sound
Reliable, Great volume control, comfortable in the hand, durable, many faceplates produced, battery strength lasts.
The day i gave it back to my cell phone company
Better than the 5160
Great battery life, excellent reception, good phonebook
tons of features,including an alarm.  Long battery life!
Affordable, lots of accessories, basic for first time buyers.
Wide range of accessories, text messaging, and custom ringtones.
Great compact phone, lots of life in it.
99 number memory, good voice quality, and one hell of a snake game
Great features, love the ability to change face plates
It's Free!
solidly built, good battery life, good sound
Multi Function Center Button
Small, user-friendly, versatile
Changeable Face Plates, Small enough to fit in pocket or small purse
Speedy recharging device, great reception, and fun rings.
Attractive, good size, good battery, very durable.
Great features, good battery life, inexpensive.
NONE, NONE, NONE
Nice look, not too heavy, cheap, long battery life, good customer care services!
Lightweight, games, Tones
Real clear
Address book is accessible with cursor arrow. the navi key is a "current available function"
Great phone, tons of features, easy to use
Easy to use, durable, great reception, great price, Many accessories
Email is useful. From my computer, I  email my grocery shopping list to myself.
Affordable and Functional
Tons of features. Simple to use!
A lot of features, It was free with my cellular plan.
Durable, dependable, good reception,clear audio, long battery life, inexpensive accessories.
great reception, sound, it is reliable, and the battery lasts a long time.
Good Reception.
Texts,tone volume,easy faceplate change,durable
Great reception!
easy-to-use, durable
Accessories out the a**, downloadable ringtones, messaging & basic email
Small, great reception, voice dial, browser, indiglo blue LCD, outer ID screen, variable vibrate alert
Fancy, Compact, Clear, Excellent Phone
Inexpensive, looks like Motorola V60c, feature rich.
Great size, good battery life, rings or vibrates.
various features, front LCD display, new technology
Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great sound . . . toss the land line phone!!
Tri-Mode, front LCD display.
SMALL, BATTERY LIFE, GAMES, CALCULATOR, FRONT SCREEN
small size; great battery life; sturdy construction; stylish; menus are intuitive
size, weight, signal strength, clarity, durability, outside caller ID
Good voice quality and reception, high gadget factor for low price
Light weight, long battery life, voice activated dialing.
Excellent reception/broadcast. Very small, tri-mode, exterior LCD, SMS, vibrate+ring.
STYLISH! Sleek hi-tech appearance, compact, light, long battery, durable, feature full.
Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great sound . . . toss the land line phone!!
Small size and lots of features
Small size, great reception, ergonomic design, loaded with features.
Small size, good looks, voice dialing, good clarity and volume, decent battery life.
great display, inner and outer, with indigo color, decent reception
Small, Great battery life, Clear reception, Easy 1-touch dialing, Outside Caller ID display
Small, tri-mode, full-featured, exterior LCD, SMS, vibrate+ring, voice-activated dialing.
Lots of features and quality for the money.
external display, size
Clarity, size
big phonebook, light-weight, good amount of features
Very small and lightweight, external caller id, data-capable, voice recognition.
External display with battery/signal/cid size, cost
Small size, state-of-the-art features, dual display, excellent sound quality, sturdy construction, good looking, good value.
Outer LCD screen, good reception, sturdy casing, tri-mode.
Size, build quality, battery life, LCD features, clarity!
Size, Color, Outer LCD, voice dial, Phonebook, Reception, service plans!
Size,Reception,"Hot keys",Features
Small, good call clarity, useful outside mini display
Great reception
Feature rich, good reception, stylish
Small, durable, many features
Speech clarity. Great display. Excellent backlight. Voice dialing. Connectivity.
Small&#13;&#10;Nice display
small size
Compact, external LCD
Small, belt wearable, good reception, good software, vibrate mode, 'outside' led.
Elegant design, large keys for a small phone, inexpensive compared to comparable models
Outer LCD display, comfortable design, compact, Tri-Mode, voice dialing
Great little phone with many more features then other phones with verizon.
Sharp compact tri-mode phone loaded with goodies.
Size; Sound quality; External caller ID display; Trimode; Appearance
size,clarity,outer lcd,text messaging,vibrate mode,price
Speech clarity.  Great display.  Excellent backlight.  Voice dialing.  Connectivity.
Size, quality, sound
Size, price, voice dialing
Outside display, large inner display, sleek, tri-mode
Voice dialing, answering machine, scheduler, small, email send/receive, highly viewable day&night, tri-mode, good clarity
Excellent reception, Back lit LCD display, Vibration mode
Compact, outer LCD and clear display, records voice memos.
External Caller ID, Voice Dialing, Manner Mode
Small, fits anyway, easy to hear, outer LCD screen, lots of options
Small size, great features, good quality
Compact, Durable for the size, great reception.
Small. Outer LCD screen.  Voice recognition. Large inside LCD Screen. Sturdy
Small size, flip design, voice-activated dialing
small, caller ID on outside of phone, tri-mode
very small
Ultra-compact, loads of cool features
external LCD screen,199 phone book space
Small, yet very sturdy; Great feel to the buttons; awesome voice dialing
Very small, lots of feautures, external display of caller ID
very nice looking
Good signal strength, voice activation, small size.
build quality, size, voice dialing
sturdy, good audio quality
good size, excellent reception, voice dialing
Size, clamshell design, holster
good options, small, great battery life
Small, compact, easy to carry, and a nice looking phone.
Great signal strength, great help, easy to use menu, fun rings, fun flip, voice dialing.
Small, great reception, outer ID screen, variable vibrate alert &#13;&#10;
Small, 5 text lines for web, well-built, inexpensive, full-featured, decent battery life, great value.
The next generation, all the features, good price
Sturdy and Full-featured
2 Way SMS, size, voice dialing, calendar, calculator -- many many pros
It look cute and is small enough to fit in my purse.
Front LCD Panel, "hand feel", Large screen display
LCD in the front&#13;&#10;Very small &#13;&#10;Many features
Loaded with features at less cost than Motorola
Size, great reception, looks, outside LCD screen, blue inside LCD screen, vibrate alert
Good phone when it not broken.
First really classy Verizon Phone, great size, voice activated dialing, vibrate and ring options
Small, I like that
Slim, compact, outside display
Flip style, voice activation
Size, Price, Battery Life, Style
small size, external LCD w/caller ID, two way SMS, voice dialing, sturdy
Size, portability, external caller ID, phone book size, voice dialing a plus, call clarity.
Small, Sleek, Features, Display, Outside Case Caller ID, Awesome Reception
Lots of Features, Dual LCD Display, Size, Styling, Tri-Mode, Voice Dialing
Outside display, small, voice dialing, nice blue backlight, good menu
Lightweight and compact
small size, silver coloring, easy to use interface, excellent battery life and short charge times
small, compact, pretty, durable, soft buttons
COMPACT, LIGHTWEIGHT, STRONG SIGNAL STRENGTH, VOICE ACTIVATED DIALING
Stylish, Reasonable Amount of Features, Melody Composer, One Touch Internet, Light, Great Quality, Computer Connection
Large display; decent battery life; works on GPRS data networks; downloadable ring tones.
Clear sound, long battery life, simple to use, small size
Small, durable, easy to customize, easy to operate
small, great reception, SPEAKERPHONE!
Very small & light, easy to read keys, excellent reception, speakerphone
Small, speakerphone neat, nice ringtones, good reception
Small footprint, built-in speakerphone, GPRS, polyphonic ringtones, easy-to-see screen, Java, long battery life
Lightweight, portable, clear sound
Compact size, speaker phone.
small, light, amber screen
small, easy to use
Small Size, Cool Design.
Great small size, easy to use.
Ease of use, unbelievably lightweight, voice commands that work, superb reception.
Better screen, better speakerphone, better battery, voice memo
Small, Stylish, Cost, Large Phonebook, Feature-packed, Trusted Brand
Lightweight, long battery life, excellent signal strength
Beautiful appearance,convenience of short message, light weight,desirable rings and not expensive price
Light weight, great signal quality, awesome ring tones, headset connector, PC connectivity, speakerphone
Tri-mode, normal rings
Very lightweight, Kewl Features, Excellent Phone... All Outweigh the Cons&#13;&#10;
Lightweight, solid, large phonebook, voice activation, small size, neat features (see review)
some nice extra features, excellent reception, phonebook organized well, voice memo
An acutal ring sound, decent display, small/lightweight, good amount of features.
Size & Weight, Battery Life, cool features
see http://www.epinions.com/content_48058371716&#13;&#10;
Small, lightweight, lots of features
stylish, nice features, easy to read screen, custom settings
One of the lightest phones on the market today. Packed with features. including voice command.
nice battery life, sleek, light
thin, light, good sound, good reception, speakerphone, fairly well made.
stylish and light, easy to use, full range of personalization
Awsome signal, exceptional battery life, light weight, small, & fun fun fun
Many features, easy to use, stylish
Multi color display, feature packed, small, light, sleek, signal excellent
Good signal, lightweight
Tiny, many extras, hands free built in
Sleek, light, vibration etc.
Size, weight, options
low cost, slim size, works better than all other phones i had
light weight, small size, speaker phone, large phonebook, sound quality is good, very durable
small, light, built in speaker phone
Super light-weight. Super customisable rings. Many backlight colours. Speakerphone built-in. Vibrating mode.
Small and lightweight, descent amount of options, large phonebook, reliable
Extremely lightweight, cute and ALWAYS has a signal!
lightweight, durable, great sound and ringtones, speakerphone is nice feature, as well
HEADACHE GIVER!
Size, weight, good choice of ring tones, durable, and memo feature is also very useful.
Lightweight, nice phonebook, background images, speakerphone
Impressive color display. Attractive case. 8MB of memory. Good phone features.
More Palm than Phone, Color screen, ergonomically designed. Very Cool
It's a color Palm! Crisp clear, lots of features.
Converges phone and PDA - no more carrying two devices, speakerphone, excellent sound quality.
All in one device, 2 batteries, color screen, good browser, Palm software.
1 Device for everything
Excellent merging of 2 technologies into one cool product.
VERY high on the "cool!" scale; combo PDA actually works; constructed well.
Palm Pilot and phone in one unit,
Small - lightweight as the m505. Well-thought through design and functionality.  Worth every penny.
Legible screen, large touch pad with full function Palm OS, and high quality digital phone.
Great reception - great color
Cheap!  Nice deskstand!
All in one device, Dial from address book, Apps and Games on the go
Best phone/PDA you could ask for - it's the best technology can offer!
All-in-1, thin, great speakerphone, 8 MB and color, OS 3.5.1
One less item to carry; it's a topic of conversation.
Combines Palm and cell phone devices well.  Easy to use, comes with two batteries
Tri-mode cell phone, color Palm Pilot, web & email in a small package, Outlook synchronization
Light, good reception, nice implementation of the Palm OS and cell phone
True Multi-tasking marvel. Durable when dropped.  Good display visibility/clarity.  Compact & Convenient.  Keylock minimizes errors.
Tight integration between Palm and phone
Great execution and usability.  Stylish.
All in one solution * &#13;&#10;Impress your friends!
Excellent reception, great Palm OS PDA, Great convergence of a phone & PDA
A nice integrated phone and palm device with many cool features.
all-in-one device, size, color screen
Combines color palm & cell phone, full web browsing and email access
Palm in cell phone in one!
Your world at your fingertips;Dial from Address book;Voice dial;PDA while on speakerphone
Compact, stylish, well contructed phone.  Long Battery Life
Finally!  A successful marriage of a Palm and Cell Phone.
Well-designed, easy to navigate, good reception, full implementation of Palm OS.
Compact as a palm, well priced, good sound quality
analog/digital, comes with second batter, cradle, case
none
Small (relatively), sleek, lightweight -- a real eye turner
Palm / Phone, Speakerphone, Lots of software available
Touch screen,  web browsing,  caller id, program options.
Great combination of a cell phone, mobile internet browser and full-featured PDA.
Low price, great combination of PDA and phone.
Nice build and design. Great call log,email client. Fantastic call quality
PDA functionality, tons of features
Numerous features, excellent manual
Bells and whistles galore, easy to use, quality product, convenient
Camera, internal memory, easy to use, good replacement for my PDA
Least expensive Bluetooth equipped phone. Speakerphone great.  Camera good enough for email.
Great phone, easy to use, takes great pictures.
Size, weight, ease of use, features (hands-free, etc.)
Price, Quality and Ability
Great Size/Great Storage
Small, light, long battery life.
Small, light weight, lots of features.
small, games, great battery life
Small size for a non folding phone, good battery life, intuitive O/S.
Features, Ease of Use
Small size, easy to use, very good sound quality transmitting and receiving, can send and receive Email
Solidly built, functional phone, with some nice features.
Cheap, Lots of Features
Great Sound Quality; Tons of Features; Compact; Easy to Use; Reliable
Easy to use, unbreakable, good looks, light, nice features, plenty of accessories available
Nice design, all the basic features included, clear sound
Compact, Customizable, Cheap if you know where to look
Highly customizable, from physical appearance to ring tones, long standby time; Very, very sturdy.
convenience, affordable
Inexpensive (free with service), user friendly, comfortable to use.
Small, easy to personalize, secure
Small size
It was free; lots of ring tones; games and other cool features
Durable, light and easy to use.
phonebook, ringing options, on-screen displays
so easy and intuitive to use
cheap (free), ease of use
It's clear, no roaming charges, &amp; lots of accessories
Light Weight, Inexpensive, Games
VERY low price
It's easy to carry around, doesn't need to be charged for days, and most importantly makes you look cool
Functionality, durable, low cost, easy to use
solid construction
Plenty of accessories and face covers, nice menu system, durable
very discrete, durable, cheap
It came free with the service
customizable, Portable, durable
Great features, lightweight
Stylish, able to customize to your taste, reception, Nokia quality.
Compact, lightweight, many features
Price, Features, Size, Compatibility, Durability, Customizable.
Good Basic Phone, GSM, SMS
Small, easy to use, lot's of colors!
small, reliable and you can change colors to fit any mood!
Easy to use, reliable, durable, fairly cheap
Excellent ease of use, visible, tactile keypad, simple menu structure
Small size, phenomenal standby time, PIN feature
Lightweight, personalizable
Many good features, and customizable appearance
technically, a free phone
great options
It's great for emergency and traveling purposes. It's cute looking and the reception is clear most of the time.
Looks, display, battery, microphone, features
5190
Everything about it
cool gadgets and good reliability
Cheap(in price) reliable
1. Easy to use 2.lots of tones 3.Large variety of face plates
Free with 1 year contract with Cingular Wireless
Great tone!
Cool changeable covers
interchangeable faces to match decor
affordable, practical, ease of use, easy to customize
Compact, clear sound, easy to use
small, many fine features available with great plans
Cool switchable covers
features, works on low signal
fun and functional
Simple, easy to use
Lots of features
looks, features, calling card, quick dial
you can always make it look different
This phone has about 30 different ringing noises, options, and you can change the look.
Small, reliable, long battery life
Plentiful features, long battery life, simple operation
Compact size, universal parts availability, price, interchangeability of faceplates/batteries, SMS and email compatible
I do like the GUI interface
easy to handle, lighted buttons
Easy to use, clear sound, dependale, high quality
customizable, durable
Everything you NEED
Excellent value & only weighs 6 ozs.
Changable Colors, Text Messaging, Sound Quality
battery life, full of features
Great connection.
Not a bad size, colorful face plates, multiple rings
small, lightweight, easy to use, XPress-on color covers
Very easy to use
Many features, smart sim card, price
Lots of accessories, plenty of features, easy to use
Good size (not too big or little!), good options!
Looks good. Holds a battery charge well. Interchangeable face plate.
some nice features
Fairly Small, Lots of ring options, alarm clock, and caller ID
Cheap
Light weight, Loaded with features, One touch dialing, Long battery life
Price (Free), Sound quality, Features
Simple Design, Easy Use
Interchangable front and back covers. Long Battery life, Games.
Easy to Use
Personalized Ringtones, Battery life, Durable.
Easy to Use
great design, user-friendly
Free (with service activation), cheap accessories available online
Great Battery Life, superior accessories, good price
Long lasting/durable
Great Options and Price
nokia is smaller
Many neat accessories that are easy to find and many neat features.
Light, small, descent features, colorful
Small, easy to use
Ruggedness, size, clarity,
Navi Key, interchageable faces, large screen
good size, easy to use
Ease of use and small size
Although an oldie but very reliable.
Big easy to operate buttons
cheap
Small, great looking phone
Nice size, can change colors, antenna, and key pad lights
Easy to use
Not a bad size, colorful face plates, multiple rings
Easy to use
Good RF Performance.
Small size, good signal reception, stylish, easy to read screen, more
Small, still cool-looking, sturdy, OK interface (apparently Motos used to stink)
Small Size, Real Metal Cover, Style, No Chrome Cover, Battery Life, Custom Menu
Easy to use and clear reception
Small, dual displays, good feature set, metal case, worldwide compatibility.
world phone, fits in my pocket, ok reception, sleek aluminum casing, free
Coloured faceplates,size,overall feel,battery life.
SOLID AS A ROCK, DROPPED OVER 30 TIMES, STILL WORKS PERFECTLY
Sleek Design, Metal case, Clear sound quality, World traveler.
Good Reception, Clamshell,  Full size keys, easy to read screen.
Great reception, lightweight, durable clamshell
Good menus, price, solid reception
Good quality construction, good reception and compatibility with my old v120c accessories.
Nice. Pretty screen with large numbers. Small.
Looks awesome, small, light.
Great Clarity, Phone numbers easy to access, Nice voice command
Features, size, speakerphone
Features, Size, More Features
Great design, good size, speakerphone feature works great
Small, durable, user-friendly, sleek, customizable
Size, battery, features, FEATURES, tons of capabilities
Smaller than any other nextel, Gets same signal for its size.
Size, Features, Durable, Speakerphone, Java enabled, Mixed Vibrate/Ring Mode
Sturdy, easy to use, speakerphone, sturdy, sturdy, sturdy
Direct connect, internet capable, download games, voice recording, etc
Speakerphone, sound quality, nice size/form factor
The phone is small and sleek, has great reception and great features.
Great Service, Excellent Features, Small size,Leaves Very Little to be Desired
Great look, easy use, easy 2way acess, large lcd.
Sturdy, dependable, decent battery life
Good size, great looks, lots of features, java apps
The phone is small and sleek with big performance.
voice activiated, blue backlight, voicenotes, durable, all around good
Great looks, great speakerphone, great Direct Connect, and much more
Speakerphone,lots of features for a small phone
compact, lightweight, features
Small design, easy navigation, excellent clarity
durable, lots of features, size, speaker phone, voice dialing
Small, easy to read, text messaging, great silent mode, usually static free
compact reliable
Two-way feature, slick look, durable.
I'd probably have to sum it up to QUALITY, QUALITY, QUALITY!
Small, Good Beltclip, Good Service, WALKIE-TALKIE, BLue lights and Hott Customablity
Durable, classy, good phone
Nice Size, Tons of Cool advace features.
Strong, durable , looks good, can't wear it out...
Great Service, durable phone
Phone
I love everything about it except I wish I could download real songs not midis.
Very classy look and feel, tons of useful features, easy to navigate
Lightweight, Sturdy, Great Options
features, price, size
good design, easy to use
The size, flip-up, super packed features are enough to make your mouth water
Joystick makes going through menus a blast.  Has meny PDA features.
Great reception; great sound quality; packed with features; really a powerhouse little phone
Contacts, Calendar, Reliability, Volume Control & Clarity
small, great reception, easy to use, fast charge
Large screen, one-touch volume control, joystick
Great size even for big hands. flip design. stong battery. joystick navigation
It's blue. Well, mine was, at least.
Stylish; large display; joystick navigation; built-in voice dialing; and MORE!
Easy joystick navigation, sleek casing, well-designed features
Stylish, sturdy, and an improvement over its predecessor.
Big improvements made over previous models
Simple interface for common tasks, good battery life and signal acquisition
Price, "phone-yness", improved design - the Flip part is sturdier.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
Great size, color, features, somewhat easy to navigate
Comfort, Call clarity, Good design
Metal flip, slightly smaller than 3500, sounds better, bigger phone book
Durability, size, style and screen.
Small and stylish
Price, looks, clarity, features!
small, light, flip-phone, neat features
Little Joystick is Convenient, Calender, Appointment Setter, Easy to Use, Voice Dialer, Long Battery Life
Great Phone, vibrate, voice dial are my favorite features.  Great price with rebates.
Very durable. Clearly lit screen and lots of features.
Looks good
Good sound quality, easy to use interface. Easy on batteries.
Size, Clarity, Value of the phone now that it is an "older" model
BEST cellular phone I've owned.  Takes a beating and continues to perform.
Coverage all over the planet.&#13;&#10;Very long battery life.
One phone (GSP 1600) two phone numbers at your convenience.
Style, Functionality, Quality, Voice Recognition Dialing
Battery Life, Wireless Web, Looks
Looks great and sounds great.
Excellent features, very durable, good clarity
Great sound quality, both Mic and speaker, excellent call screening
Small, not too small, voice dialing
lots of features, totally hands-free capabilities
light, sleek, voice dialing!  Makes Kirks communicator look like a pay phone.
well built, solid, flip style
Mini-browser capability, easy to use, light-weight, and great voice-activated dial-up accuracy!
Fun functional features that will survive the rapidly changing technology.
Voice dialing, voice recording, sturdy
Outstanding features and updated technology make this phone a great choice
Good quality, great features, comfortable to use
great features, stand-by and talk time is outstanding
Very small and easy to hold while talking, includes belt holster, nice charger
Looks cool, Great Display, Very Compact, Good reception.
Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great sound . . . toss the land line phone!!
Small size, solid build, voice dialing, external display
Compact, easy of use, sharp looks, durable
Flip-phone style, ease of use
LCD on the front and Voice Command
Features, Reliability, Value, Track Record
Size, features, clarity.
extremely compact; Web-enabled; can set rings; voice activated; durable; standard jacks
Light, small, very sturdy, decent voice-dial, good reception.
Indiglo backlight display, 2 screens, size, memory, voice recognition
Speech clarity. Great display. Excellent backlight. Voice dialing. Connectivity
Small size
size and form factor
size, easy to open with one hand
very small, Good reception, Clear sound.
Lots of great features
Smaller phone with all the features
Size, Well back lit, ability to use data kit.
It was small
External called ID, compact, extremely durable, great reception
Trimode, still competitive with its ahead-of-its time battery life, size & weight
Lightweight and easy to carry; digital; attractive and stylish design.
Small, lightweight, sturdy, good reception and cool looking
Great size and lightweight; durable phone!
Better looking than a Nokia
Clear reception; no unexpected disconnects; features
Very small and compact.
Voice activated dialing, many extra features, long battery life, small size
Compact size and weight, user-friendly, good performance/reception
small, slim, high-end features, customizeable, sturdy, easy-to-read display, price
Ergonomically and aesthetically pleasing, more features than Ben & Jerry's flavors
Feature rich, long battery life, stylish, light weight
Sleek, Multiple rings, Good battery life
sleek design, can be completely personalized, great price
Good battery life, most needed features, improved interface for Motorola, programmable shortcuts
Small, lightweight, but sturdy.  Price.
Good design, durability, signal quality and lots of features for a low price.&#13;&#10;
Size, features
price/feature, voice dialing, trimode
Same features as the V60c at a fraction of the cost
Small, MANY Features, Awesome style, Great feel, Good selection of ringtones, Vibrate, Customizable
Compact size, light-weight, many features, battery life, Two way text messaging.
Small, voice activated dialing, voice memos, looks good, features, battery life
Voice activated dialing. Good battery life. Cool blue backlight. Great price.
Light, sleek, beautifully structured, long battery life, easy to personalize.
Small, great reception, great battery life
Inexpensive, Great value.
Tons of features, sleek, light-weight, good quality
good size, voice dialing, strong signal, vibrates, Huge phonebook.
Hmmm...it makes a great doorstop? Oh, I know...It fits in your pocket.
Inexpensive, plenty of features for the money, good sound quality.
It was free.  Small, lightweight, good ring tone.
Battery life, voice dialing, stores lots of numbers
Extremely durable, very long battery life, lasts for years.
Cheap, Basic, OK Starter Phone
Size, style, durability, OS, sound, reception.
Price, menu interface, looks, style, general features, MOTOROLA name, signal, many more.
cheap, battery life long, lots of toys
Good size  and battery life easy to use&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;full featured
Size, Features, Sound Quality, Battery Life, Reception, Voice Dial, Menu
All the features of a $100 cell phone for just $25
Great size, shape and features, especially voice notes
Lightweight, Relatively small, Good reception
Size, weight, features, ease of use, useful buttons around the top of the phone
Small, many features, voice-activation
Small enough to fit in your pocket. Vibration alert.Good display.
Lots of decent features, great battery life, seems well made
Voice activated dialing, Small size.
Nice price, great phone book, good voice memo recorder, feature rich
Lightweight, stylish, detachable faceplate, easy to read menus
Detailed timers/logging for all calls, size, user interface, battery life.
Ergonomics; Voice-activated dialing; battery life; appearance
sleek, perfect size, tons of features, voice activation, internet-ready, great value, great battery life
Lots of features, easy to use, fits comfortably in hand, fast connection
inexpensive for its size, cute design,very durable
Great features and specifications for price.
Compact Size, Many Features, Customizeable Covers, Low Cost
Cool phone. Has LOTS and LOTS of features. Excellent user interface, battery life.
aesthetically pleasing, voice-activated, side scroll buttons are easy to use
small, light, long battery life.
Compact size,fabulous battery life,clear sound..especially from calls received
sleek design, features
Lightweight, good features
Long Battery Life, Great Clarity, Easy use of features, Voice Dial
Voice identification, 32 styles of rings, and EVERYTHING else about it.
Long battery life, size.
pretty
same features as v60c but 1/5 the price, voice-calling, 2-way text messaging, good battery
It is a cute phone with great ring styles.
Voice recording is great.
lots of features, lightweight, clear
voice recognition,size,clarity,large display,large phone-book capacity,recessed on/off button,easy to store numbers,32 different rings,lightweight
At least it didn't explode
Excellent features, excellent battery life!!!, durability, ease of use
Excellent for college! Perfect size, durability, phonebook w/voice identification, PRICE, overall quality.
Blackjack game
It was free.  Good talk time.
cheap. voice dialing
Great signal strength and good battery life. Accessories cheap.
Tri-Mode
cheap(not worth it), small(falls out of pocket easily), popular(too popular now)
Excellent Screen, Great Price, Compact and Stylish (both color and shape)
- Good Standby time
very clear, easy to use, nice size
Sleek look, buttons easy to press
Battery life,Great reception excellent signal strenght,Game,Caller ID,Call Waiting, and Voice Mail!
Cute design, price.
Cheap, compact, many features, large phonebook, excellent battery life
Small, sleek, easy to use and voice-activated dialing.
The only good thing about this phone is battery life..its really good
Size, powerful features
good reception and sound quality
None
recessed on/off, clear sound, voice dial, easy buttons & menus
Amazing Features, Great Battery, Voice recorder, great sounding easy to use phone!
Easy to Use, Unbeatable Clarity
Lightweight, easy to use, plenty of flexability in software (organize menu...etc)
Great Reception, small and sleek
Good battery life & features
Battery life, UI, features, price
Decent battery life.
Decent reception and battery life. Durable.
Inexpensive phone with some features. Refer a friend and get 100 Free Minutes.
Durable-dropped it at least 23 times and still kicking, small
It does have a loud ringer.
Feature rich, small enough to fit in a pocket; can be used internationally.
bluetooth, voice dialing, color screen, camera
Great background noise cancellation feature, solid build, comeback of normal ringers
Good Quad band world phone. Bluetooth, Camera, great connectivity. Must have for a Geek/Gadget Freak.
Cool look, Bluetooth, global phone
Looks, style, feature packed, quad band, changeable faceplates, bluetooth
Sound clarity, list of features, sturdy, well built, nice design
Appearance
Looks, features, nice screen, replaceable parts
Attractive, has most features that one expects and more, unique, will satisfy a Motorola fan
Price, Many Features, Bluetooth, Speaker Phone, good picture quality
Easy to use
Sleekness, Color Screen, Camera, Internet Enabled, Bluetooth Technology
Numerous features, size, and weight
chic construction, mp3 ringtones, great screen, beautiful earpiece sound
*Sleek design
Bluetooth, good phone performance.
Looks Good
Bluetooth, Bluetooth, Bluetooth! Appearance and build quality. Voice dial.
stylish, has a camera, bluetooth enabled
Great form factor, tri-mode, easy-to-use menus, plays MP3s, decent photo quality.
Looks, Camera
Clamshell design is nice, good speaker phone, compact.
Bluetooth, good picture, lotsa features
This phone is stylish, compact, has a great external speaker
Durable flip phone which is easy to use.
Works great when outside.
Looks Sleek, Voice Dialing, Speaker Phone, Camera, Video Clips, Voice Memo
MP3 ringtones.  Java games.  Flashy lights.
The keypad works most of the time...Not all the time but most
Stay away from this trash
It look nice and small enough to carry around in pocket but has poor functionality.
Camera, bluetooth, can view video clips, melodic ringtones, voice recording.
Video Clip playback, Color, Camera, Java Support
quad band, good call performance, bluetooth, clam, motorola navigation philosophy
Good display & camera.Good Looks.
Bluetooth
There are absolutely no redeeming features about this phone.
Bluetooth! , solid design, Great color display, cool ring lights, MP3 ringers
Camera Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, Good screen quality
Sharp color display, Excellent Sound, WorldPhone, useful Organizer, Great Camera, simple menus, Bluetooth, Stylish.
MP3 ringtones, clarity of calls, java games, synchronizing of Outlook, solid construction (not easily broken!)
Great earpiece volume
100% excellent cellular phone, computer sync
Small, sleek, has all the basic features, works nicely, user friendly
Think of it as a Nokia 8260 on a party custume. Great reception.
Small and Lightweight, Great Clarity and Sound, Excellent backlight.
Size, Weight, White Backlight, signal
It's a Nokia.  Small Size.  Bright backlight.  Easy Nokia interface.
Small Size, Great back light, cool features, ease of use, clarity
Mobile text messaging, Internet browser.
Light weight; fits in palm the palm of your hand; colorful cases; white screen
Small, lightweight.
Changeable faceplates, lightweight, custom callergroups and ringtones, excellent reception!
sleek looking phone, easy interface, easy to get attached to
Like the 8260 but with better call quality
Ultra-sleek, mega-features, user-friendly
Powerful storage of short messages, interesting games, smart clock alarm, excellent battery
Size, changeable faceplates, bright display.
Intuitive Nokia interface; great screen; easy to use
Slim, small, light, practical, fit in any pocket without you noticing it.
Well lit screen, amazingly loud and clear reception, selection of ringers, easy to use interface
Small, long battery life, stylish
Small, compact, easy to use, ohh and the white lights, they rock...
Compact, Price and Options
Nice colors, compact and very easy to use.
Lithium Ion Battery, Contact Manager, Handy Tools.
Exceptional clarity, great features, lightweight, changeable faceplates
Excellent battery life as well as good reception and clarity.
Lightweight, Clear Calls, Changeable faceplates, great features.
Dual band, easy to use
A multitude of features, interchangeable colorful face plate options, Dual Band & Great Price
Small, light, tons of features, sounds great
really small
small, enough features &#13;&#10;
Excellent sound quality, good battery life, very durable.
Simple to use design, durable, reliable, clear calls, cheap!
Price, ease of use
Great Reception, anywhere.
Small,easy to use,changeable face plates,wireless web,200 contacts memory
super low price, light weight,
Inexpensive, lightweight, long battery time, ability to change face plates
Cheap, voice quality, batter life, features
Inexpensive, Well rounded, Good Battery Life
Easy Menu system, standard vibrator ring, customizable face plates
attractive detatchable face plates, clear calls, compact size, nice price
Battery life, many faceplates, good vibrate function
Great features, Excellent Voice Clarity, fashoniable, and light.
Good reception, good battery life.
Clarity is exceptional. Lots of unexpected features.
Tri-mode capability (With Verizon).  Crisp, high resolution screen.  Great bells and whistles.
Definetly worthwhile for the price
It's size is nice.  It is easy to use for the most part.
Size, Reception, Large Icons, Button Size
Agreat lightweight phone
Compact, but not teeny. easy-to-read display.
WEB CAPABILITY,TIP FIGURING, CALCULATOR
Easy to read screen, can change face plates
Clear signal, light weight and reasonably small
None that I can see.
loyal:great reception, incredible resistance to heavy blows, a conversation piece
colorful features, extra large font, alarm/w/timer and email feature.
Digital Camera, Sprint Quality Service, Sanyo Quality Product
I liked the fact that it was a camera phone...
Looks, Cool little features, size, camera
Size, weight, color screen, features, and ringers
Good reception, Neat features, OK Camera, Long Battery Life
Good battery life, good connection.
it does what it was made to do: call and get calls
Size, monochrome LCD screen, ease of use, durability, reception
Under $200, Great Reception, No display to crack, No antenna to break or bend
Free
Gee, a horrendous bill, a lousy phone, and it's my fault? You tell me.
Lightweight, attractive silver flip-style, durable, simple.
A simple phone i nicknamed "The Tank". Inexpensive and Extremely intuitive
inexpensive, easy to use, compact.
Small, cheap.
Compact size, easy to work around, alarm feature. NO CAMERA! Very durable...just ask the concrete!
Easy to use, Un-cluttered by "extras", Good value.
small size, inexpensive
Easy to use; light weight; battery life; easy to read display
Simplicity.  Compact and nice for the pocket.
Fairly small, easy to use, color faceplates, belt clip, upgrade features, wireless web
Lots of Features, easy to use, great way to keep in touch
Feature-packed for the money, web enabled, handy size, good sound quality
Sturdy, Effective, Reasonable Display
Durable, changeable faceplates
Solid, sturdy. Non-color screen is visible in bright daylight, color screens aren't!
"Cute," esp. for a Nextel, custom faceplates, headset jack, it's a Nextel!
Not to expensive, has worked pretty much flawlessly
Lightweight, web-enabled, clarity, blt-in speakerphone, inexpensive
Stylish, good performance, feature rich, tri-mode
Price. Features.
Speakerphone, lower price, voice dialing
Lightweight, very clear voice quality, decent feature set.
Great Voice Dialing, 2-way speaker phone excellent, affordable, slim & lightweight, nice size screen, Features+
SMS text messageing small, and looks cool
durable, really easy to use
Great Battery
Tri band, cheap, good size
Cheap.  Speaker phone that works good.  GPS for 911 to locate you if needed.
Small, stylish, excellent signal reception, attention getter, light, customizable
The most stylish phone you can get that isn't a Vertu.
Sexy looking, good reception, small and stylish
clever swivelblade design, elegant design, modifiable interface, compatibility with PC/PDA/laptops
THE most unique and stylish mobile phone on the market; small and lightweight.
Small, Light, Stylish, backlight
Stylish Looks, Interchangeable bezels & casing, reverse black/blue lit screen, rotating flip design, lightweight
New World standard for small size, very cool design, great reception.
Light weight, "cool factor", easy user interface, sound quality
New 360 swivel, stylish and adequate in any lighting
Great OS, gorgeous styling--gets looks everywhere, the price (finally)
Stylish, hot collectors item, SMALL
Stylish, cool, blue backlight, good battery time, great sound/speaker combo
games
Very stylish
Lightweight, Good Screen, Good-Looking, Excellent Reception, Nice Design.
Sleek Design, GPRS
Excellent reception, Small, sleek
Stylish, small and compact, customizable
Nice toy for the looks.
Style, Small, just one word, "KEWL"
Trendy, beat-me-if-you-can kinda model, easy to use, elegant, light-lit key pad.
Ultra Small Light Stylish Durable well designed - Excellent Feature Set
Attractive, light, long battery life
Stylish, lightweight, Durable, SMALL, Feature-packed, 3G-Voice Capable, Multi-Chord Ringers!
Super-light and thin, cool ringers, big screen, great signal quality
Very light-weight, super-slim, high-resolution display, 3G compatible.
A sleek, tiny little phone packed full of extras.
Slim, Eye-Catching, Great Price and Durable
Stylish, SLIM, classy looking
Excellent sound quality, very thin and light, very stylish
size, weight, reception
lightest cell phone ever had
Thin, lightwieght, stylish, and many great features
Lightweight, Trendy, Great Talk Time, Durable, Soft Keypad
Size, Size, ans Size.
Good value for unit cost.
Lightweight, good reception, lots of features
wireless web capable, download ringtones & graphics capable, voice activated dialing, customized profiles for environments
Great reception, tough, many features, very cheap
Excellent battery life, good features for entry phone.
Cheap, Polyphonic Ringtones and Java on an entry level phone
Reception, text message software, uses sim cards, battery life
Internet Access,
Lots of features, compact design.
Large display, large buttons, reception, frugal battery usage, full featured, durable case
Great talk time, Excellent reception.
great size, good hearing capabilities
Polyphonic ring tones, loads of talk time, way better than Motorola c331
no antana
Good RF Performance.
Cheap, friendly interface.
Stylish, a lot of features, reliable, user-friendly
Good reception, excellent sound, fast and user-friendly UI, good battery, world phone
good battery life, charges quickly
Color screen, awesome reception, small, good feature set
great Nokia UI, world phone, color screen, polyphonic ringtones, small size, nice design
great size, speakerphone, silver look, color screen
Light but sturdy, loud ringer, Ab-Fab reception
Good reception, speakerphone, FM radio, familiar user interface, vibrate with ringtone, java.
Functionally superior, visually understated, great battery, great features. Reasonable price.
Good colour screen, Easy, Good polyphonics, Good range of features,
Speaker Phone, Color Screen, Size, Signal Strength
Strong signal, many ringtones, can download own pictures and create ringtones into phone
As stated above, the phone has many PROS.
Visually very nice. Excellent PC Suite integration. True business tool.
Convenient size. Loud speakerphone. Nice keypad. Color screen.
Nice color screen and good features
Size, looks, FM-radio capability, battery life, game options
Elegance appearance with a slim and graceful figure; strong function positioning, and abundant personal designing.
speaker phone, beautiful color screen, fm radio, polyphonic ring tones, java, wap, infrared
Small size, bigger buttons, long battery life
Size, battery life, reception, useful extras.
excellent reception-never drops a call,easy to carry and cofortable keypad.
Looks, audio clarity, battery duration, handsfree/radio, suits my requirements.
Small size, user friendly, better reception, ring tones
Clear, easy to use, fun, and colorful
tri-band, good speaker phone, great battery life, nice keys, pleasing sound, bright color screen
Small, Lightweight, Great Reception, Clear Speakerphone
Color screen, loudspeaker, IrDA, lightweight, stylish, polyphonic.
Good reception. Good battery life . Nice design.
Size, Reception, Speakerphone, Battery life
color, games, good sound quality, lightweight.
Solid construction, color screen, flat profile, tons of available software.  Fantastic Outlook sync. Speakerphone!
PDA, Phone, MP3 player, all in one, and each works well
Many features, battery life, not too big, lots of add-ons, stylish, syncing to PC
The screen is big enough for aging eyes to see.  Only one gadget to carry
Nothing it did not work
Most feature-packed and aesthetically-pleasing phone for lowest price, with great call clarity.
many well-integrated features, voice dialing, phonebook, email etc
Professional Appearance; Trimode CDMA; Web Access; Voice-activated Dialing; PIM
Awesome screen, stylish, good reception, loud ringer, strong vibrate, wireless web
Feature-rich for the price
looks; features; price; screen
Great features, easy to use, great look.
Stylish, Compact, Loaded with many features.
Sound Quality. Battery Life. Nice size and feel. Web Access. 2 way email.
solid built, good phonebook, sleek, nice reception, scheduler.
Tri-mode wide coverage, voice memos &dialing, low price, sharp resolution &design, light weight
Great build quality, unique call-screening feature, easy animated menu, sharp display & very customizable.
Great reception, small, well made. Good internet options.
Attractive appearance
size, battery life,  screen, reception
Large display, size
Good reception, nice and small, has a flip, easy to use, decent battery life
Easy to use!
Multi-functional, easy to use
Outstanding features, design, and performance. Excellent PDA. Sturdy construction. Complete detailed user guide.
Lightweight, nice backlight, time, date displays, auto redial.
Battery life, blue backlight, clarity.
GREAT durability, survived many falls, good battery life, voice dial
lightweight, good battery life, good clarity, stylish, easy to use, affordable
Great Battery Life, Low price, stores 500 contact numbers, customizable, tons of housing cases available
inexpensive, good battery life, good backlight, good reception
cool blue light
Light weight, durable, basic phone
Screen, Apps, Ease of Use
Intuitive, fantastic ergonomics, strong email support, good speakerphone, good browser, easy to read display.
Excellent phone. Wonderful features
very user friendly, right price for the service. good for young people
Great web browsing!Decent internet speed depending on where u are.Overall AMAZING PDA!
Web Browsing, easy texting and emailing.
All in one, like taking your PC with you wherever you go.
Great Device
the communication works
Packed with features, web access is convenient
Lightweight, lots of features, clam shell style with color.
Sleek, stylish.  Screen has awesome visibility. Small stature.
small, sleek design; long battery life; excellent reception; loads of goodies
Cool phone with laptop connectivity kit
Nice color display.  Very lightweight.  Features, features, and more features.
Small, very clear voice quality, comfortable to use, nice display, very stylish.
Lightweight, small footprint, extended features
LONG list of features, sleek design, compact size, clarity of reception, fantastic color screen
Small, light weight design and a colorful display.
Color Screen
Very Stylish, Great Screen, Great Reception
Nice compact design. Great sound quality.
easy installation, works first time
Good Reception, multi-color, integrates 100% with my car
GREAT sound quality, easy phonebook, love the display!
Lightweight, strong reception, clarity, compact, easy to see display
Weight, Style, Display
Excellent 3 color display, easy to use, small, and light.
GREAT sound, GREAT Display, GREAT battery Life, and it's Tri-Mode.
Light weight, nice belt clip, clear display, excellent battery.
Display, ruggedness
Screen, Appearance, Battery Life, Quality, Ergonomics, Recption, Layout, Ease of Use
Screen, price, size, phone color, quality
Looks great, Provides Great service, Thin, awesome display!
Comfortable and small, nice positioning of earpiece and mike.
Small size, color screen, very good battery life and reception.
Size, flip feature
great display, great features, durable (so far), with good battery life
Nice looking, good features
A crystal clear display, fool-proof.&#13;&#10;
Excellent visual display, keyboard and receiver. Good choice for elderly or handicapped.
The "Oooh" Factor.  Small size.  Belt clip.
Trippy tir-color display, small and light, excellent sound quality
Lightweight, readable display, vibrating
Lightweight, eye-catching display, great signal strength.
Small, nice design, long battery life, features
Vibrant color screen, tri mode, and 150% improvement!
clarity, rather quick charge and display
Organic Color Display, Style, Ease of use
The color display!
It's sleek and light weight
Nice looking phone with an easily readable screen.
good looking, light weight
Nice Looking
Solid Motorola Design. Great Features. Excellent Reception with a reliable provider.
Light-weight, advanced features
Reception. Battery Life. Easy to read display. Sync with PC software. Durability.
Functionality, design, quality, business use
Outstanding RF performance and sound quality. Motorola Quality. Neat OEL. display. Pimp'n sleek stylee!
small size,ease of use,clear reception,color screen,
Easy to use.
Size, design, Pop-Port, easy interface, FM radio
STYLE! Color, polyphonic tones, speakerphone, radio, headset
It's a colour phone,comes with fun games, and is easy to use
Quality radio, radical design, color screen, comfortable hold.
Light, Full-color screen, Feature-rich, Great design
Neat, fresh new design. Light and portable. Colour Screen.
Usability, Design, Colour Screen, Good Reception, Connectivity, Fun Features.
Color screen, tri-band operation, changeable faceplates, speakerphone
radio
Color screen, tri-band operation, changeable faceplates, speakerphone
4096 Colors, Triband, GPRS, MMS, SMS
Great loudspeaker function, trendy, 128x128 pixels screen resolution
Screen, Sound, FM Radio, Battery life, Easy to use, Price
Nice looks, plenty functions.
Style,size,Excellent list of multimedia options
Very stylish, great features & is the ideal fashion accessory!
Color screen, lightweight, styleish.
High style, color screen, FM radio, speakerphone, polyphonic ring tones
Interesting design, radio, good volume, Color Screen
color screen   downloadable games   chageable faceplate
I like everything on this phone it's light,  it's small.
Large enough so you can actually see and push the buttons
Inexpensive, feature-packed phone. Excellent battery life. Light-weight.
Great reception, rich with features, user-friendly,  ergonomic fit, web ready
Could be a nice for those new to cellular phones, good selection of features.
reliable, excellent ergonomic design, crammed with features, top talk and stanby time, email and more
Too many to list, but my fave is it's functionality.
So Many Features, Lightweight
Low cost, amazing features, totally configurable, and MUCH more.
Great price. Useful, abundant and well thought out features. Excellent voice quality.
good basic phone without a lot of useless features
PRICE,FEATURES AVAILABLE, SIZE,
Tons of great features, small size, light weight
Good size, easy operation, good options good battery life.
Easy to use, great features like text messaging
Ease of use, features, quality
Good user interface design; good ergonomics
Switchable face plates, vibrate/silent ringer, web-enabled, instant messenger, long battery life, key guard
Appearance is nice, great feel in the hand
Lots of helpful features. Super reception & easy to use.
Light small
Small, compact, great battery life, great reception
Phone has excellent reception and good features for the price
VERY easy to use. Just enough features. Good for a first cell phone.
Very easy to use and seems to have pretty good clarity.
Good size, great reception, easy to use menus
Everything you would expect from a cell phone.
Great sound, always clear, large window screen, easy to use
Tiny
inexpensive, lightweight, small and fairly convient
Light Weight, Menu, Color face plates
good interface, durable body, good accu, low price
nothing special
Slim, Many features, Easy to use, Long lasting battery
Lightweight, durable, attractive.  Easy to use.
Compact, Easy to Navigate Menus, Clarity, Reception, Phone Book
Ease of use, reception, phone book, camera, screen, price!
compact, lightweight, flip-phone with camera
Great reception, many features, color screen, camera, voice dialing
Great phone - Don't use Verizon
It looks pretty with flashing blue lights
Many useful and handy features.
call quality, battery, color screen, speakerphone
Small size, good battery life, big memory, packed with features
Great phone, very durable, intuitive menus, good ringer, and decent speakerphone
Flashing lights, customizable look, easy to use, durable, good reception
Good reception, battery life, screen, camera, features
stylish, large bright screen, camera quality.
Easy to use
Lots of stuff
Camera, ringtones, user-friendly
Triband, camera-phone
long battery life
Clear Digital Photos
Looks good and got a lot of fancy features and flashy looks.
Design, battery life seems good
(applicable from CDM 8600) Small form factor, easy to use
Analog/Digital Cell Phone with Camera, the Web and Games!
Nice looks, lots of features, camera/flash a big plus, nice ringers, easy to use.
camera, good shape, games, LCD screens, reception, double batteries
Sleek, Feature-rich, Stylish, Easy to use, extra battery
Size, ease of use, features to please most anyone
Lots of features, two 65k-displays, design and did I mention features?
Good camera with you at all times, great features
Great gimmicky phone that will get you some attention at public places.
Large Screen, Camera Features+Flash, Second Battery
Beautiful display, small form factor, solid construction
TFT Color Display, Solid Construction, Built in Camera w/flash, Ringers
Excellent reception, vivid color screens, solid feel in your hand,and a quality low-res camera.
Good construction, stylish, great color screen.
Camera + Phone!
Cute screen saver, Camera, Ringtones.
Reliable
Color, internet, ringtones, camera w/flash, charges fast, alarm/calendar, nifty novelties, clamshell design
Great features, easy to navagate, many options
Camera with 640x480 resolution
Integrated Camera, Call Screening, Dual Color Screens, Fastest Vision Phone I've Tested.
Signal reception
Great color and picture quality. extensive features. Sprint quality service. Camera. Internet. etc! Love it!
Sleek, lightweight, no need to bring a separate camera
built in camera, external color display, cool factor.
Great Reception,Large color Display , Camera and construction
great signal strength, good battery life beautiful screen
camera... only $30 w/ Sprint's special offer
Good Camera, Flash, Screen on the exterior of phone
All-in-one Phone-PDA combination
Very small, simple to use menu and almost never have to use stylus
pda power without excessive geekiness
very easy to use and set up.
Small, sleek, color screen, lots of features, good quality, screen on front of phone
everything but design and lack of games
Slender, lightweight and functions well as a phone.
rugged, very nice screen, superb speakerphone and noise cancelling, excellent battery life
The best Vision phone available to date!
Best reception of any vision phone
Good signal, nice display, great performance, feature rich.
Web, reception, durability, battery, address book, calendar, GUI, ringer switch
JAVA, Battery Life, Voice notes, Speaker phone, quick charge time
Improved display, improved menus, lightweight, lithium ion battery, lots of features
Weight, Voice Notes, New Phone Book, Address Book, and JAVA!
Great layout, good speakerphone, nice included apps
Service, durability, ergonomics
Larger display than the other nextel phones, longer battery life, better sound quality, java-enabled games
Really cool features, voice dialing, better games, customize-able menus
Battery, JAVA, Many options and settings, tough.
Voice activated dialing, speakerphone, long battery life, clear display
GPS, Direct Contect,Java,Very Large Screen
Feature rich phone, ease of use,good screen size, and what a price!
Lightweight, able to Direct Connect without selecting a Mode
Tons of great features with stylish look to boot!
Looks nice, works well for a while.
A great phone.
Greatly Improved Interface, Looks COol!
plenty of features
Nice set of features. Easy to use.
size, shape, caller id, voicemail, voice activated dialing, sound quality
Compact, Durable, Cool Green Color, Rubber Buttons, Easy to Read
Light, Good Battery Life, Easy to Use
Great phone book,Great Reception,Size,&#13;&#10;Voicedialing,Battery life
reception, features, weight, phonebook, battery life
Everything
Battery Life&#13;&#10;Small Size&#13;&#10;Large Display&#13;&#10;4 Digit Call
excellent range of features, and It's Fun!
GREAT QUALITY/BATTERY/EXTRA'S
Light, Long Battery Life, Bells and Whistles
voicemail indicator, phone book, speakerphone, web-enabled, variety of ringers...
A phone you can trust for its functionality and construction
Easy navigation, speakerphone, large display, battery life
Great battery life, Call quality is A1, Not terribly expensive
Comfortable size, good voice quality
Speakerphone, Clarity, Easy-to-use interface, and Features
Small size&#13;&#10;Many features
Advanced address book, easy menu navigation, lots of features for the price
Large Screen, easy to navigate with one finger(or should I say your thumb)
Small, long battery life, lots of features.
many advanced features, multi-entry phonebook, voice dialing, calendar/PIM, large screen
Overall good design
Small size, clear reception, so easy to use-my technology impaired dad can operate it.
Tons of great features!
Long battery life, great speakerphone, great phone book features, great size, weight and feel
Huge Display, Rugged, Super Battery Life, T9 Text Recognition, Packed with Features
Features, quality made, features
Speakerphone, large screen, top quality
many features,large screen, small, lightwieght,
full featured including speaker phone
Read above!
large LCD display &#13;&#10;Crystal Clear Reception all over the United States. &#13;&#10;
Color, new smaller size, very loud ringer,strong vibrating battery longest
Battery, styling, size, just about everything.
This phone is very reliable and the voice features are fun to play with.
Size, handling, large screen, games, voice dialing, scheduler, phone book
Best reception along with clarity, durability for high usage users.
Features, Size
Sleek design. It has everything you could ever want in a PCS phone.
Many,Many,features.  Too many to name.
Versitility
QUALITY construction, COMPACT, OUTSTANDING PHONEBOOK..  User Friendly PERIOD
Great features, small package
Works Great, Crystal Clear Sound, TONS of options
Battery life, size, voice dialer
Small, lightweight, excellent battery life.
Wonderful Interface, elegant and easy to use
good voice control
Small, lightweight, and easy to use. Good battery life
Compact and easy access buttons
Long battery life, light, easy to use, free after rebate.
...Great Combinations of Features; Small, yet Functional Package...
The smallest (so far)
Small, Small, Small
lightweight, tiny, great reception, great battery life, tons of options
small size, light weight
small, light, small, light, small...
Small, functional, wireless web option, decent battery life with included battery
Beautiful design, Good reception, Holographic display
Extremely small, but comfortable to grip; very good design and functionality; great UI; looks cool!
Looks AMAZING, Works Great, Impresses People
Super-small and super-cool; web-enabled
size and reception are awesome
size,battery life,style, features
Size, power, attitude
small size
Excellent design, Clever phone book
Size, ease of use
Light, durable, lots of options.
Size, weight
Cute and small, Number storage, dual mode, minibrowser, price went down a lot.
Small size, aesthetic qualities
Size, weight, features, reception.
EVERYTHING
Great size, good sound
Size, Feel, Quality
This is the coolest looking phone!
Small, attractive, great phone book
BEST PHONE IN THE ENTIRE WORLD
Nice small form factor, cool looking
small size
Extra small size, different colors to choose
Very small size, long battery life.
small, lightweight, durable, easy to use
quite small and thin
Light, conveinent to carry, reception.
Large Screen, Voice Quality, Gimmick-free phone
All technical features.
All-in-one Communicator, GPRS support, and convenient keyboard
A ton of different features, as advanced a phone as you will find
Great features, very durable, simple and easy to use.
Speaker Phone, direct connect, largest color screen, easy to navigate & customizable menus
Big screen for flip phone, Very cool features, COLOR, COLOR, COLOR
Amazing features, great coverage, sturdy, good battery life, nice color screen.
Large color screen, external Caller ID, backlit buttons, SUPERB speakerphone.
Look, Looks you get, capabilities and questions asked about the phone and service.
direct connect feature, color, many options and programs.
Large display, LOUD speaker, GREAT signal indoors and out
Nice color screen, good flip phone, fun downloadables
Easy to use, Color Screen, Loaded w/ ringers, and screensavers.
Color Screen, Small size, PTT option
Large color screen, Lots of features, Direct connect feature
Color, Options
LARGE color screen, customizable wallpaper & ring-tones, sharp appearance.
Large color display, Great features
Full featured and lighweight
Internet Browser, Voice Recognition, sleek and very lite.
it's a phone &amp; it works, audio dialing
Great phone
slim, voice recognition, affordable
Lots of features for a lot less money these days.  Lightweight.  Sturdy.  Long battery life.
Battery life, tri-mode, phonebook size, voice dial
Calls are Clear, Feature Rich, Settings Rich
All the features, fantastic battery, light
Good battery life; ease of use
Easy to use, LOOOOONG battery life.
great features,different rings,easy to use,lots of room to store names
Many cool options, Great sound, Easy to use
A feather-light, easy phone to use, even for a first-timer!
Super Battery Life, Lightweight, Small
Tri-mode, Wireless web, Quick battery charge, Voice dialing
Sleek, light weight, and loaded with features.
VAD Feature is COOL
Large screen, good reception
Great  performance, Easy to read screen.
Good size, easy to hear, tri-mode, voice-activated dialing
Lightweight; Exceptional Sound; Great Battery Life; Voice Activated Dialing; Web Browser Enabled
Tri-mode, easy to use
Voice activated dialing, small and lightweight, good battery life.
Easy Layout, good reception most places, dependable
So many cool options
light, web access, long life battery, small
Fairly durable phone with lots of neat features and gadgets.... Web enabled
Lightweight, clear sound, trimode, lots of features.
Slim, good display, full featured to the max
User Interface, Hands Free, Feature Packed
Web-ready, connects to e-mail, lightweight, earphone jack, voice-activated dialing.
Good size, phone features easy to use
Net ready, voice activated dialing, vibrating, crystal clarity, and verizon service!
feature rich
long battery life, light weight
special rings for special numbers
Voice Dial, Vibration and/or Ring, Web accessibility
Looks great, light weight, great battery, small, tons of cool features.
easy
large display, lots of features
Light, long battery life
weight, voice recognition, dedicated voice/text mail buttons
Very comfortable to use.
Many features, small battery
Caller ID, Voice Activated, Number Saving, Price
Ease of use, phonebook
Small, clear sounding, vibrating ringer, lithium battery, voice dialing!
drop in charger
size, voice activated dialing, ease of use
Nice look and feel, long battery life
Small, clear sound, durable, good design
Sleek, lightweight
Many features as standard, clear sound. Easy to use.
it WORKS beyond expectations..
slim design, easy to lock-unlock keys&#13;&#10;
lightweight, convenient, attractive&#9;&#9;
voice activation, lots of fun rings, clarity was better than i expected.
Small, lots of features.
Many features.  Easy Menu.  Long Life.
voice dialing, web/email, many extra option
Long battery life Reception OK
Long battery life and excellent call reliability.  Closest thing I've seen to shock-proof electronics.
Camera, nice features, small and cute, records my voice.
Stylish, excellent display and sound quality, good camera
Built in camera, many other great features, style, and great reception.
Packed with features, tools, and accessories.
Great screen, nice form factor, tweakable software and reliable signal
Good phone at a Great Price that can be upgraded via software.
Good camera, easy use menu, bright display, not too much else...
Internal & external displays
Great feel, camera, nice look.
I am amazed with everything this phone can do, and do well it does.
Battery life is long, camera, java games, mp3 ringtones, color screen
Cachet, cute, voice navigation works well.
Size of the phone. Features fits my needs for business
Style factor, coolness, exterior display, size, camera, built, speaker
5 MB memory, plays mp3 and midi, picture ID
lot's of fancy features (that most people don't need)
good camera, lots of features, cute
- Aesthetically pleasing, and highly functional.
Camera, Smart Card, Speakerphone, Uploadable Phone Numbers, Case has nice nonslip feel.
MP3 Ringtones, MIDI Ringtones, Good Camera, Smooth Scratch-Resistant Surface, Good LCD Screen
stylish, light, great camera (when it works)
lots of features: speaker phone, built in camera, attractive case
Size, durablity, tons of features!
small, easy to carry, stylish, takes good pictures for the price of the phone
camera, small, appears durable
The looks, camera, grip, nice arranged buttons, display,download tunes and wallpapers,compose ring tones.
Color screen is great, downloads are fun, battery life is very good, phone is light
Looks, color
reception, size, camera, everything
Size, features, quality color display, loud speaker phone, accurate voice dial, great look and feel
Small, light weight.
Super cute exterior, small size, blue led
I like the color and the features that it has. I like the speaker phone.
Worked OK for about 4 months of light use.
Pretty to look at, a dream phone for the first month or so.
Color Screen, Cool Design.
Stability, Features, Reliability
Sleek, excellent speakerphone, efficient voice-dial, plenty of memory, wallpapers and MP3 ringtones
small, speaker phone is excellent, battery life, good reception
Great feel, size, weight
Camera and video a plus.  good reception.
great external speaker ,plays mp3 ringtones ,good camera ,has gprs and mms
Camera, Aim Intergrated, WAP, 65k color
Nice looking, Camera worked well, Nice screen.
Great camera and screen, reception is good and the speaker phone works as it should.
See above
Small size, many features, airplane mode, calendar
Strong personal information management tools, OpenWave web browser, awesome battery life for color screen.
battery life, screen, memory capacity, airplane mode, size, price
small and light weight, battery life. great ringers. External Caller ID/ time display.
Large color screen, wireless internet, speakerphone, easy navigation, Voice Dialing & GPS
Lightweight, Bright, Clear Screen and Has an amazing amount of features.
Color screen, polyphonic ringtones, very portable.
See Below.
The pros?...Little to no cons
Great phone with color screen awesome browser organizer and configurability
attractive, well designed, intuitive,
Nice color screen, great ringers, small..
Brilliant technology, beautiful design, & amazing sound & quality.
Reasonable price, practical features, compact size and external display
Small size, great organizer schedule, better than the Samsung N400
Beautiful color display, many ringtones, very customizable
Color screen, voice dial, external display
Very compact size with cool graphical interface.
Small, light, great call quality
Brilliant Blue Backlighting; Easy to Use; Color Screen; Great Ringtones
Sleek design, excellent color screen, nice ringtones, good organizer.
This phone is small, a unique color, and has a nice color screen.
You can set the buttons to make a sound like water drops - funny!
Small, lots of features, nice screen, external caller ID, reception
Typical Color phone nothing fancy.
Perfect screen, great ringers, attractive look, small, easy to use, MANY GREAT AND USEFUL OPTIONS.
Compact, light, good sound, many features, VOICE RECOGNITION!, nice
Excellent Quality, Clear Screen, Voice Activated
Easy to learn how to use, large screen for easy viewing
Almost everything is GREAT!
Small, light, looks good, great battery life, excellent sound and signal quality
Battery life, easy to use, great sound, LOUD RINGER
Durable, good battery life, large screen size
No Comment
simple
Stellar sonics and reception; thin; light, GPS ready; 2-way duplex speakerphone; and voice-activated dialing
Battery life, listen only speakerphone, data connectivity, light weight
QUALITY AND PRICE
Small, long battery life, ABSOLUTE BEST RECEPTION
Great reception. Good ergonomics. Nice screen. Easy to use. Modest price.
Great in Analog only areas Quick to find Digital when available.
Phone works in weak digital signal areas
Color screen, size, decent battery power.
Huge Color Display, Big Outer Screen, Design, Weight, Battery Life, Features
Color Screen, GPRS (high speed wireless), World Phone
Stylish design and compact.
Small, light weight, easy to use, full color screen.
great color, great sound
Nice looking phone, many features, excellent color display
Lightweight, cool blue back light, slim, infrared, big screen
External caller ID/Time, Color, Flip
Great sound, comfy keys & fit, can download graphics and tones, easy use, external display.
overall design, options, color
great colored screen, stylish, and compact
Beautiful screen, smooth flip top, small and comfortable, great sounds
Color screen, numerical clarity, size
Color, sound, batterly life, and clarity
good quality, compact, easy to use, features
Excellent phone, sleek, full-color, tri-band
Beautiful Screen, easy to use, packed with features.
Beautiful phone.  Beautiful screen.
Outstanding display, Great voice quality, Many Features
Downloads & Design!
color screen, options, sounds, comfort, hands free set
Fun, cool, big screen, intuitive/easy to use
large letter display
Battery life excellent, Colorful and Attractive, Easy to use Interface
Color menus, stylish style, size
Menus are easy to use and looks really nice
lightweight, bright LCD, many features, excellent clarity
Looks good
Phone was of average quality.
Small size, flip cover, comes with a second battery and other accessories.
Games, screen, tones, looks
pocket sized.
Small, bright color
The screen is fine.
Easy to use, has many features I need
Versatile face plate exchanges, 39 ring tones, Caller ID, 3 Games, Call log
Small, Many Features, Built to Hold Up
Cheap, plenty of features, usually cheap with a "package deal" from service provider
Inexpensive, Durable, Simple features, easy to use&#13;&#10;
Varied ring selections, interchangeable face plates.
Small, Colorful, Works Great
Price, excelent features for such a cheap phone, good construction
Great clarity, small and light, many convenience features and durable.
Size, faceplates, accessories, games, rings, versatility... etc.
Price, Ability to change look, Battery life, Keylock, Easy to use
Ease of use, features, overall quality rocks
Light weight, great clarity, easy functions, easy to use.
Good old Nokia menus and features
Slim, sleek and does what it's supposed to do
Good memory function, snake, good call clarity, price
Tho low price and powerful function
Color faceplates, ring features, good size
Rugged, good battery life, above average reception, easy to use name/number storage, accending volume ringer.
Compact size, clear reception, many great features.
Nokia menu/functions.
Many, many features.
A pretty good phone with lots of name brand and after market accessories
Slim, Colorful Covers, Li-Ion Battery, Clear Reception
3 games, call log, phone book, email, clock, 30 different ring tones
Mobile, changeable face plates, good sound quality, advanced features
Size, battery life, customizing features, easy text entry.
Cheap
Small, lightweight, easy to use
40 RingTones, Faceplates,By Nokia
Reliable, Easy to use, long battery life
Very good size, easy to follow programming, not fancy.
Handy little bugger this one
Good screen, has games and can send messages.
clear signal. Nice battery life. Small
Durable, light, nice features
small,great and cheap.
Personalize your phone in many way
Lightweight, Sturdy, Fits just about anywhere, Replaceable Face Plate
extremely sturdy, long battery life, good volume, quick menu access, some good rings
Small, lots of features, GPRS
Tri-band + GPRS + FastInfraRed = ideal phone for businesspeople and travelers
GSM; GPRS; Voice-activated dialing; Appearance; WAP; World phone (Trimode; PIM
Appearance, tri-band world phone, GPRS, voice activated dialing
Flexibility, tri-band, appearance, reasonable price
Nice looking, great sound, easy locking
GSM coverage in US, Europe and Africa, long talk time, text messaging
GPRS;WAP;iTAP;500#phonebook&PIM;Battery&#13;&#10;Exceptional voice and very easy menu
many many features, great sound, triband, light weight
nice design, adjustable volume, durability, clarity, features, reception
Stylish design, built-in micro browser.
Tri-band support allows you to use the phone in Europe, Asia, and the USA
lots of features, good battery life, infra red
Lightweight,long battery life,usable worldwide,great sound(better than Nokia),web ready and more.
Good handset sound quality, good RF
Sleek and stylish, best displays in the market.
Stylish design, great display screens, plenty of strong features.
Beautiful, light weight, easy to use, optional camera, clarity, did I mention it's beautiful?
Sleek style.
Cute Appearance, Cool Ringers, Excellent Color Display, External Caller ID, etc..
Size, shape, weight, color, reception, Internet, voice dialing, talk time and hands-free safety
Looks great, awesome display, lots of features
Looks awesome, thin, small and lightweight, great reception
Beautiful screen, polyphonic ring tones, 144kb/sec internet access, free second battery.
Brilliant color screen, small profile, highly visible backlit keys.
Looks pretty cool, nice ring tones
EXCELLENT SCREEN CLARITY, AND SMALL COMPACT SIZE
NICE, Best TFT Screen,(amazing). The Best ring tones.Features.Sprint PCS, A Beautiful Phone
LCD Display, size
Great color display!  Small, sleek, very light - nice phone!! Free online downloads!
Style, Color Display, Ringers, Second Battery Free
Small, lightweight, stylish, color screen, good SprintPCS coverage varies), aggressive plan prices
Color screen, Dual band, external CID, Voice Dial
TFT color display, Ringers & Wallpaper, Web Display, External Display
Large, beautiful & colorful LCD. Large external LCD.
resolution, battery life, user friendly, navigation, clarity, fun/interaction
The price is dropping and firmware upgrades are happening.
cool ringer, nice size,hi-res color graphics
TFT Color screen, lots of features, especially interesting ringers, java, awesome looking, slim!!
Nice color screen. Easy ability to download ringers.  Slender and light.
Great Mobile Phone, the finest phone in the market today, very Cool
light weight, great color screen, very customizable, awesome voice clarity
Great Menu useabilty/ user friendly settings and controls. obviously "real world" beta tested
Small, stylish, great features
Small and stylish. Rich in features.
Color screen resolution, easy to navigate, loud ringer, mobile internet capability, free second battery
Size, Screen, Free extra battery, battery life.
Lexus of Mobile Phones
Small size.  Nice color screen indoors.
Very small and lightweight. Great color screen. Trendy.
Colour screen, polyphonic ringtones, size & weight
small size,brilliant screen,excellent ringers
Great colorful display, great ringers, Small and Lightweight, wonderfull features.
Sleek, stylish, light, feature-laden, Samsung quality
Great performance, sleek design, tons of features, excellent color display.
Good looks and excellent sound quality
Small, sleek, light; just my titanium girl style. And packed with features too!
Compact, nice look
The external display for caller ID and clock, date are nice features.
Coolest looking phone on earth
Looks
Small (fits in pocket), stylish, color screen, great reception, a real conversation piece
Small, looks good
Great design, compact, nice cost.
Small Size, Good battery life, easy to use buttons
compact, good battery life, Web access, speakerphone feature, voice dial feature, lighted keypad
Lightweight, easy to conceal.
Love the speakerphone function and big screen
Compact,durable,
Small and nice features
Nicely lit display, sturdy built
Great battery life and the web access
Definitely future-proof!
Options galore, adaptable, a "cool" phone
Tiny, feature-rich, colorful and large screen for its overall size
Color screen, insane battery life/talk time, small and light, Blutooth, GPRS.
Small & durable, 256-color LCD, long-lasting battery, great features, bluetooth enabled
Great color Phone, Great OS, Triband, GPRS, T68i updateable - Picture phonebook, MMS,
tiny, sleek, color, bluetooth, IR, GPRS, WAP, World GSM compatible
"Cool" factor, Bluetooth, Voice activation, Fantastic battery life
Small, Light, Bluetooth, IR, Battery Life, Tri-band
Great battery life, loaded with features
Technologically advanced, blue-tooth, color screen, great battery life
Small, nice features, good quality
Color screen; WAP; GSM; BlueTooth and IR
Feature rich, solid build quality, great screen, design and feel.
Color screen, intuitive interface, small size, huge featureset
Tri band&#13;&#10;BT, IR & GPRS&#13;&#10;Small size&#13;&#10;Good battery autonomy
Very hip, highly customizable, color screen
Small form factor, Color Screen, Integrated Bluetooth
Fabulous Color Screen, Incredible Size, Ergonomic, and Better Battery Life.
Something to do during boring lectures.
Small, light, bluetooth, excellent phone book, and that color screen.
Great Features, Excellent battery life, and usability
The Whole phone, features, style, build quality
Color Screen, battery life, memory capacity
Great looking, long battery life and tons of fun features.
Color LCD, background pictures, voice dialing & answering
Features, compact size
Durable flip phone,stylish,loud ringtone, reasonable price
Excellent durability, more than adequate memory, many really cool features.
"Chirp" (walkie-takie) capability. Color screen. wav audio
Lots of features for a relatively good price. Better signal strength with decent battery life.
Stylish...keeps to the Nextel roots.
Clarity, functionality, volume, ergonomics, reasonably durable, excellent speaker, adult sized.
Sound Quality, Appearance
Size, clamshape design, very small, speakerphone
Color screen, speaker phone, great reception, loud rings, sturdy holster!
Free GPS compass, very bright and clear display, sturdy design
front screen, speaker phone, vibrate feature
Chock full of power features; ultimately versatile and customizable.
Excellent durability, clear screen display, nice and LOUD ring tones and call volume & price.
Easily personalized, durable, headset enabled, speakerphone for phone calls
Sturdy, color screen, GPS enabled
Himm...? Not sure!
walkie talkie,games,easy to use,sleek and shiny:)
Style, speaker phone, voice recorder, two-way direct-connect
Good looks, design
Sturdy, bright screen, loud, clear speakerphone, classy looking, easy to navigate
PTT is great, provider service is good.
You get to go to the nextel store every four months to get it fix.
Nice looking Phone
Color, Disco Light when ringing, Voice recorder
it's a flip phone
color display, easy to use menus
Color screen, powerful, visually appealing.
ease of use, looks, walkie talkie
Good reception, assignable ringtones, easy to read screen and navigation, good bat life
Another solid body phone by nextel with a brilliant color display.
nice small little phone...
Great color display, ton of hi tech features, great design
Has mortgage calculator built in, unlimited free incoming calls.
Beautiful screen, nice size and weight.
Great phone, packed with features including a handy camera
Hi resolution screen is easy to read.
easy to use, full of features, color screen, inexpensive, camera
Trendy-looking, well-finished, high resolution screen color
IR port, looks cool, analog clock on face plate
easy to use key pad, stylish, colour display, front flap display screen, menu navigation
Stylish
Stylish, inexpensive, polyphonic ring tones, color screen, good reception,light and small, good features
cheap, durable, reliable phone with two-way SMS messaging and voice mail
Motorola durability, signal strength
Cheap phone, good bang for your buck, appealing look
Changeable faceplates, good battery life, large display, inexpensive
Simple, elegant, changeable covers.
easy to hold, color-changing covers, light and impressive features.
High quality, well designed, small and light, easily fitting in the palm of your hand
The Nokia 8210 phone's calendar function can remind you of upcoming meetings, birthdays,and so on.
Small, lightweight, very usable.
It was free, it feels durable and has decent features.
Sturdy ~ still working with my kids using it daily!
Price, looks, functionality, low power consumption, GSM, works in Europe, durable
Cheap, good battery life, very bright back light.
Free in most cases, lots of features, AOL IM client.
Lightweight. Inexpensive. Straightforward. Excellent on the basics. Not necessarily for "power users." Euro-compatible.
Cool looking, lightweight, good features
Very good reception and battery life
Stylish design, lightweight, cool features, AIM inside, has its own e-mail address
Free with purchase of cellular service contract. Slim and compact and attractive.
Bright LCD screen, great quality sound, and tons of features, lighter than helium
Great coverage, very light, lots of features
Durable, Good battery life, Robust earpiece connection, Reliable software (no crashes or hangs), "Cute" styling
Size, Weight, Ease of use, Reliability, durability, now available free!!
blue backlight and multiparty
Light phone, plenty of nice features, good reception, and it's FREE
Small. Lightweight.
Small, lightweight, easy to use, ringtones, AOL instant messenger, blue light
Small, durable, ergonomic, easy to use
This digital beauty is a gem!
Compact, Good Looks, and Kewl Backlight
Very easy to use.  A lot of bells and whistles. Cool looking.
Lightweight,nice background,loud
Lightweight, compact, good features.
Lightweight, fun, easy to use, and very functional. Lots of features for next to nothing.
AOL IM compatible, easy to setup/use, blue screen, very light
Small design, blue indiglo screen
Inexpensive, Bright Blue Display, Samsung Quality
Very lightweight, easy-to-see-in-the-dark blue backlight, features pretty decent, easy 'pocket' phone
Lightweight, Bright LCD lighting, Games
Small, easy to operate, good service
Small, Colorful LCD,easy to use
light, compact, bright display, cheap
Looks (can be deceptive)
AIM, T9, thin, lightweight, small, versatile, powerful, fantastic battery life, ring composer
Simplistic, it does the job without all the stupid frills that
I liked the SGH R225 because it was very light and had  good design.
Free phone,great sound quality,easy to use with more features than older model.
Bright backlight, good battery
features, rugged, price, quality construction
Brilliant blue backlight, attractive case, web enabled, lightweight, and has many useful features.
Lightweight, easy to use, durable.
Automatic Key lock is good.  Cute screensavers.
great polyphonics
Great reception; lightweight; durable; small; AIM/AOL support; excellent ear piece.
Great reception, bright backlight, easy to navigate
Snazzy looks and "light show" Fairly simple, great for people who are not technologically sound.
MP3 player, MultiMediaCard support, huge memory (MultiMediaCard), large and clear display, light weight, java games
built like a tank.
Compact Size; Lots of Features; Vibrate mode
Non-folding, lightweight
easy to use, simple features, adequate range and power
Long battery life, fun features like changeable faceplates and multiple ring choices,  easy to use.
Display,Menu,3rd party Accessories
...
Size, Features, GOBS of options
Compact, Vibrate Mode, Excellent Voice Quality, Low Price
Small, Excellent Ergonomics, Long Battery Life, Good Clarity, Tri-Mode, Lots of Features and Accessories&#13;&#10;
Nice Looks, Durable, Ion Lithium Battery, Clear LCD, Good Price, Internet-Enabled, Small
Quality, Features, Tools
easy, small, nice looking phone
Lithium Ion Battery, Contact Manager, Handy Tools.
Makes me strangely happy.
Lots of Features, Cheap
lightweight & small, seems relatively sturdy, good sound, lots of features
Easy to use, sounds clear, Tri-mode phone
Light, "web-enabled", email, universal headset, nice timers/alarms
Clear reception, light weight, and you're able to change the banner.
Small without being too small, features, Lithium Battery, internet
Small & lightweight, very easy to use. Interchangeable faceplates and a vibrating ringer. Cheap too!
Nice features, vibrate alert, stores 200 contacts including snail& email addresses
Light, attractive, lots of features
Good looks, Nice features, Great value
Ease of use, call clarity, neat "extra features"
Battery Life, distinctive ringers(see desc.)
Cheap, cute, nokia-like look
Powerful, clear, many options
Good battery life. Call clarity is excellent.  Easy to use
GREAT PHONE, Lots OF FEATuRES, Multiple Rings, VIBRATE ALeRT!!
Easy to use, Full featured, Long battery life in digital areas
Cheap, Good battery, Good OS, Feature filled
Voice Clarity, Features, Price
vibrate, Face Plates, web access
Price, Features for the Price, Availability of Accessories
Features, size, display and data connectivity.
Good call quality, strong signal, long battery life, lightweight
I love this phone and the software that comes loaded.  It is small, lightweight, durable.
Ability to vibrate first, then ring, fairly durable, very lightweight, cheap.
Lots of features.  Easy to use.
Great signal.
Lightweight, great features, compact,  clear LCD and sound, easy to use with minimal instruction
Great size, durable, easy to figure out.
A nice phone with really handy features and easy navigation system.
Great reception, easy to use
battery life, features, durable
CDMA,LGC330W
Lightweight, Small, Good Talk Time
Reliable, lightweight, sleek, and durable.
long life, clear, lots of features, vibrate ring mode
DURABILITY, size
Durable, easy to use. Large readable buttons. Flip-style easy to shut off.
Phone size/shape/weight. Battery life
Sturdy, good features, easy to use and inexpensive.
Very compact; can operate as a non-flip phone; text messaging
keeps numbers very accessible
Everything
Small size
Sleek, compact, performs well
Lots of features, small
Tons of features for the $$$
Easy to use, good reception, drop in charging, vibrate
Great reception and receives all calls
easy to use, durable, fun
Easy to read face  -user friendly- very clear reception
Durable, reliable, great reception
compact, inexpensive, decent feature set
Good size, lots of features, easy to use
Great features
Vibrating Alert, Digital Service &amp; Caller I. D.
Great battery life, durability
Flip cover locks keys,
clarity, battery length
Well built reasonably priced dual mode phone. Has lasted me nearly two years.
size, easy to use
Long talk time, cheap price
Size and features
Clarity, battery life
Small size.
Good looks, low cost, and good features
Available in several stylish colors; a good choice for emergency and occasional use.
Convenience, emergency use
small, durable phone has volume control and fits in my purse!
Slim, many features for price
lightweight, fits in pocket or purse, easy to program and use
Provides all the basic functions of a cell phone.
Reliable and easy to use
Compact, affordable and easy to use
lightweight, dependable, excellent clarity
Reliable, well made, great features, FREE!
Compare to other models, its cheaper and does the job for lessor price
small, durable, many options
$7.99/month to keep it activated!
Phone is light (about seven ounces), and easy to use; not too compact
no contracts, no monthy bills, you only use what you pay for.
withstands abuse, reception excellent, fits in pocket, loud ring, easy-to-use, excellent voice-pick-up,
Slim, various features
Durability, Dependability, Size, Price . . .
It can survive a high degree of abuse
no monthly bill!!
durable, lightweight, holds a charge all day
Simple, and easy to use
Great reception for a regular user.
slim, lightweight, dependable, god sound clarity
inexspensive, different rings, easy to use
cheap, nice-looking, name and number programming
Everything
Reliable, durable
Lightweight, easy to use
Great phone to have...
No monthly charges, long battery life, attractive design, durable
Durable
Small, Compact &amp; easy to use
compact, not too small, affordable, durable
very durable, extremely clear
I simply love this phone
Affordable, Reliable
It fits in my purse,  This is better than no phone at all
Easy to use menu, sturdy construction
Functions Well, Durable, Excellent Menu, Nice Appearance
Easy to program, prepaid option
great,clear reception
Loud. Clear. Long batt. life. *free*.
Great phone. Stays charged for a long period of time. Low Price.
easy to use, offers basic features, very durable, good where digital service isn't available
Lightweight and easy to use
Fairly compact and durable; low-cost.
Decent phone, convenient service with no monthly bill
Great features
small, sturdy, dependable
the size is perfect
Easy to use, small enough to carry in your purse or pocket and very attractive also.
reception, durability, price, SIZE
small, clear sound
Small, key guard, cute colors
Nice price (especially with a pkg. deal)&#13;&#10;$10 w/activation fee
very durable
Solid, basic analog cell phone
cheap, reception,, features
Small
Reliable and Solidly Made
Large Speed dial, Pay as you go plan, durable
Durability, low-cost.
See 1- 5 above
free
Uhhh. . .Uhhh...Hmmmm
I have a phone when I need one; does its job
Small, lightweight, features
call waiting, speed dial, ringer change, key guard
Light weight, Easy to use, Great Controls, small, affordable, Multi purpose
little, affordable phone
great features
price, durability, features
Good voice clarity, comfortable keys, easy to use
A Prepaid Phone that Works in Rural Areas! Solid Made for an Inexpensive Cell Phone
great memory
Light weight, Cristal clear sound, Long lasting Standby and talk time
Nice size and looks nice
Smallish; inexpensive; very well designed
lightweight, slim, flat, bright in color
nice thing to have around
compatible
Small, easy to carry
cheap in price
A lot of features for the price.
No contract's
Good Price, Many features
Not too Expensive
easy use, reliable, cool colors
size ,price and ease of use
price, easy answer
no contracts or bills, backlit display, prepaid, anyone can buy it, long battery life
Lightweight
reliability, service, coverage, signal strength, affordability
Price,  Rugged, Reliable, Peace of Mind
light weight and easy to use
Inexpensive.  Easy to operate.
lightweight and small
Very durable
durable, inexpensive, lightweight, in-style, good clarity
Durability, dependability, cost
Display, sound quality
Small, light, easy to use, simple
Lightweight, easy to use, free
Great durability, good features for the price
Cell phone's are convient
handy,  and easy to use
Dependable
Easy to use
Affordable
Tough.
withstands much abuse, good reception, stylish model
Easy to use, Small
good features
LIGHT WEIGHT, Durable,ALMOST STATIC FREE.
Size
good and cheap
good menu interface, durable, no static,&#13;&#10;can fit in pocket
None
easy to use, low cost, no contracts, no monthly fees
Cheap price! good phone
really convenient,cute as can be
Durable
rugged, sturdy easy to use phone
good for its time
Size, weight, overall performance
You can talk to people sometimes
Loves it
excellent clear sound
Durable and clear calls
Very light
small and easy to use
Convenient and Tough
No contracts, easy to maintain, easy to use
Great battery life and highly affordable
Reliable
Light weight, affordable, quality built
# storage, size, clearity
it was free
Everything
I love it, small and compact
sports,
Lighter, More user friendly
This phone will only cost you a penny!
Keeps track of units , worldwide time, airtime and regular time
Easy to use, full featured, and inexpensive.  Good reception and sound.
Exceptional RF Performance; Good Incoming Audio Quality; Packed with practical features; Advanced UI
Nice round shape with rubber grips, blue lights
Good reception, great size, & unique style
no antenna, bright blue light when the face is off. cheap
Cheap.  Blue backlight.
small, clam shell, call clarity, 1xRTT capable, midi sound (polyphonic), web-enabled
Small, classic + cool style, excellent screen, 1xRTT ready, voice dialing/recording, excellent bang for buck
Small and lightweight, easy to use, very stylish, external LCD display
size, style, variety of features.
Small & light, reception & sound clarity, battery life, external display, fast Internet
very sleek, stylish yet professional look, has what you will most likely use
Great Call Clarity, Light Weight, Small Size, Good Reception. Sturdy Phone.
Battery Life and Design
stylish, flexible, manner mode button, good reception and sound
Easy-to-read LCD, voice-dialing, stylish
Size, features, reception, style
Looks neat.
Clarity, size, and design!
Great user interface; great features
Small size, decent sound quality and battery life, quick and convenient manner mode
Great compact phone; easy to read screen for web usage.
Small, Sleek, Lots of Features, and Lots of Extra's
Great reception, nice big LCD, very easy to see the keys in dark, nice size
Clearest phone I ever had!
small, light
Simple, Small, Battery life long, Text Messaging, Event Planner
Easy, very portable, has everything I need
Small and compact, can fit just about anywhere.
Offers a lot of today's latest technology at the tips of your fingers.
Speaker Phone, Radio, Virtually Unbreakable, and A Lot More...
Small and surprisingly durable
Stylish, Enclosed keypad, mic close to voice, Lith. Battery
range, small, durability, features, and attachments
great battery life; durable
Two-way radio, seemingly unbreakable housing
Everything
Sturdy, speakerphone
Durable
Well built, ease-of-operation, internet, battery life, 2way radio, speakerphone, can use w/flap closed, low radiation
Lightweight, with superb speakerphone
semi-small size, great sound quality, 4 different usage options
Everything!  Price, Features, Size!  The only phone you will ever want.
Built to last, great reception
Almost everything.
lightweight, dependable, and very durable
Looks great! Lots of features!
Great service, Direct Connect, Very Innovative
Two way radio service
Speakerphone, Flip Top, Sturdy Design
low radiation, low cost on phone
Using the Private Ready, I can ALWAYS get through to my husband.
Virtually Unbreakable, 2way paging, a lot of stuff
A ton of features
Lots of options and extremely durable. Direct-connect is a huge money saver
Hands free speaker phone
none
Great battery life and super speakerphone
Can use it anywhere nation-wide with clarity
Very sturdy phone
good service
Fair size, good looking
Large, see-thru flip, Durability, Time-tested design, & Price
easy to use, great menu, color screen, nice look, speaker and flip phone
Pretty Slim, External LCD, External Ring-Silencer
Great internal LCD; bright and colorful
Great internal LCD; bright and colorful Easy-to-use menus
Graphics and clarity
Extremely durable, intuitive, compact, reliable.
Easy to navigate. More features than could ever use.  Excellent sound quality.  Has speaker phone.
World Phone, Blue Back-light, Price, Loaded with Features, Great Clairity.
tri-band GSM, small and light, good reception, funky style
Cheap, very light & compact, world phone, GPRS, WAP, stylish and ergonomic, good value
Tons of features, good quality, perfect size, good clarity, simple to use &#13;&#10;
Palm and phone in one, triband phone, Palm features on par with current Palms
PDA/Phone all-in-one. Handles nicely, good quality sound.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
Everything you need rolled up into one device
PDA/phone in a single unit, PalmOS compatibility,
Reduce carrying 2 items down to 1; feature-rich
Great phone, encompasses 2 devices in 1.  Never leave home without it.
Integrated Palm and Tri-band CDMA phone
Fantastic Features
Nice all-in-one package; Great features
Features, ISP access, All in One Convenience.
Best of Breed. Successfully offers phone and palm functionality in a handy solution.
No need to carry 2 items (PDA & phone); wireless web that is useful
It's one device that has a lot of functionality and a good battery life
Palm PDA and cellphone in one
Internet connectivity, good data storage, compatibility with palms and thier applications
Combines phone, PIM, Fax, and Net all in one device.
Palm and wireless phone in one unit. Wireless Internet access.
all in one device
Great idea, Palm OS was an excellent addition
A PDA and Phone all in one!
Palm OS, functionality, flexibility
Great idea: a Phone and PDA in one; no major problems
Most comfortably sized PDA/phone combo.
PDA functionality/Cell phone in an "acceptably small" package. Great Battery life
Very versatile--full featured phone and email/web browser all in one at a good price.
Palm and Handheld in one unit
Good Cell Phone in durable housing. Great speakerphone
All in one and able to integrate phone needs and palm databases
Power management is great.&#13;&#10;PalmOS with real web power.
Integrated palm pilot
Looks nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
Integrated Palm OS, user interface, battery life
Everything you need is in this phone ! Good battery life, lot of wonderful tools.
Battery Life
Great palm integration and battery life.  All in 1 wonder.
Voice Dial, speakerphone, long battery life.
Wow, what I've always wanted - PDA and phone in one!
Effective combination of phone and PDA; you get what you pay for.
Excellent size, good integration, stable
Speakerphone, PalmV, Web Access, Big Screen, Syncs GREAT with Outlook
Serves two purposes in one, Good voice command
Price (down to $99 now!) and convenience
Integration
Get organized, surf the web, play games and talk on the phone!
PDA and phone, smaller than previous model, good reception
Has all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
Great Battery Life, Good PDA integration, feature rich
Excellent voice quality -- and you get a Palm device as a bonus
Excellent integration of Palm and phone&#13;&#10;Great for using in a vehicle
Great having a phone and Plam in one; great battery life!
Palm OS integrated, Very large address book, Voice dialing, speakerphone
Perfect Ergonomics; well-made and very durable
full functional dual purpose device
All in one phone. No need for a pda and a phone.
Voice-dial works well.  Good battery life. Phone-PDA integration is ok
tough useful reliable palm os ong battery life
Cheap, basic PDA features
Palm and phone in one, triband phone, Palm features on par with current Palms
PDA/Phone all-in-one. Handles nicely, good quality sound.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
Everything you need rolled up into one device
PDA/phone in a single unit, PalmOS compatibility,
Reduce carrying 2 items down to 1; feature-rich
Great phone, encompasses 2 devices in 1.  Never leave home without it.
Integrated Palm and Tri-band CDMA phone
Fantastic Features
Nice all-in-one package; Great features
Features, ISP access, All in One Convenience.
Best of Breed. Successfully offers phone and palm functionality in a handy solution.
No need to carry 2 items (PDA & phone); wireless web that is useful
It's one device that has a lot of functionality and a good battery life
Palm PDA and cellphone in one
Internet connectivity, good data storage, compatibility with palms and thier applications
Combines phone, PIM, Fax, and Net all in one device.
Palm and wireless phone in one unit. Wireless Internet access.
all in one device
Great idea, Palm OS was an excellent addition
A PDA and Phone all in one!
Palm OS, functionality, flexibility
Great idea: a Phone and PDA in one; no major problems
Most comfortably sized PDA/phone combo.
PDA functionality/Cell phone in an "acceptably small" package. Great Battery life
Very versatile--full featured phone and email/web browser all in one at a good price.
Palm and Handheld in one unit
Good Cell Phone in durable housing. Great speakerphone
All in one and able to integrate phone needs and palm databases
Power management is great.&#13;&#10;PalmOS with real web power.
Integrated palm pilot
Looks nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
Integrated Palm OS, user interface, battery life
Everything you need is in this phone ! Good battery life, lot of wonderful tools.
Battery Life
Great palm integration and battery life.  All in 1 wonder.
Voice Dial, speakerphone, long battery life.
Wow, what I've always wanted - PDA and phone in one!
Effective combination of phone and PDA; you get what you pay for.
Excellent size, good integration, stable
Speakerphone, PalmV, Web Access, Big Screen, Syncs GREAT with Outlook
Serves two purposes in one, Good voice command
Price (down to $99 now!) and convenience
Integration
Get organized, surf the web, play games and talk on the phone!
PDA and phone, smaller than previous model, good reception
Has all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
Great Battery Life, Good PDA integration, feature rich
Excellent voice quality -- and you get a Palm device as a bonus
Excellent integration of Palm and phone&#13;&#10;Great for using in a vehicle
Great having a phone and Plam in one; great battery life!
Palm OS integrated, Very large address book, Voice dialing, speakerphone
Perfect Ergonomics; well-made and very durable
full functional dual purpose device
All in one phone. No need for a pda and a phone.
Voice-dial works well.  Good battery life. Phone-PDA integration is ok
tough useful reliable palm os ong battery life
Cheap, basic PDA features
durable, tiny world phone, nice design, vibrating alert
tiny!, usable in Europe & parts of East Asia, light, clarity

Thin, light, ease of use, easy to read screen, great keypad, fast battery recharge
Nice design, abundance of options, games included
Global Reach, Email, Lightweight, Easy To Use
Voice dialing, small, liteweight, easy to use, great sound quality!
Light as air, Excellent O/S, Dual Band
No cables means no xmas lights impressions (cable tangling).
Great size, great design, good reception
Slim, Time your call, Vibrate & Ring, Remote control Voice Dial
Small, GSM, World Coverage, And Many Extra Gadgets
Small, stylish, with lots of features and Automatic Call Divert
No wires.  Welcome to the future.
Lightness, thinness, good reception
Light Weight, Intuitive, Abundant Features
Incredibly small and thin, but usable.
Size, Price, Voice Dialing, Use Everywhere
Size, Weight, Ease of Use, Its worldwide use
see opinion
Solitaire, small and portable
Price, size, simplicity, great accessories, and more!
Great Price, Great Design, Durable, Small
Sleek, Sexy Phone weighs next to NOTHING!
Size, clarity, signal strength, and decent talk time
Looks & size.  Features.  Custom ringtones.  Accessories.
light, cool, chick and cute
Size, easy of use, charges quickly.
FREE with Cingular. Tiny. Light. Keypad cover. Encrypted. Calling card. 10 voice labels. &#13;&#10;
Size, features
Small, Light and can get a signal in a lot of places others couldn't
Light, very thin, easy to use, stylish, long battery life, Great Reception
This phone has a thin body, great battery life, and a lot of terrific features.
Size, sound quality and clarity
Slim, durable, good sound quality, decent battery life for such a small unit
Very small long battery life great reception
Compact, Clarity, Ease of Use, BlueTooth, IR modem
Crystal Clear Sound
Great size, Love Call Screening, good looks, global capabilities
small, light, packed with features
Size, Bright Light, Add Ons
Small and lite enough that you'll forget you have it most of the time.
Beautiful, 007-ish, extremely thinness
Small, Lightweight, Dual-band, Easy read Menu, Voice activated dailing, Vibrating call alert
Works in Europe
Light, Easy to use, good sound quality
well, it's small (ha! if you chop off the fat antenna!), the cool tetris game
Small, Light, Portable, Stylish
Small, Active Flip, TETRIS!
Small sleek easy to use
small size, large lcd, and fits in any pocket.
...small
This phone can fit anywhere, it has world coverage, and is simple to use.
light, backlight, handy, sexy, graphics...
*Very light&#13;&#10;*Fits everywhere&#13;&#10;*Some good features(Call block)&#13;&#10;*World Phone
small, light, works in Toronto AND Vancouver, clear
Tiny, Light, Customizable ringtones, Ease of use
Just about everything on this phone
Ultra small, good battery life
long lasting battery,very clear,works in most areas,small and compact
Small, sleek, sexy
PORTABLE, EASY TO USE, DURABLE
Tiny Tiny Tiny. The smallest phone in the world!
Very small and light weight.
not too many
tiny, lightweight, ease of use
size, weight, reception, functions, tetris & solitaire
Pocket-sized
Tiny, Voice-activated, quality microphone, world phone
Small size, super clear calls, clever flip design
Flat, flips open. Voice activated calling. Text messages.
GREAT SERVICE, INCREDIBLE INTERFACE
HANDY AND YOU CAN USE IT ALMOST ANYWHERE
Small, easy menu, like the flip
Very Small
Functionality, Reliability, Reception
sleek looking, slide rotator
very small, light weight, durable, reliable, flashy.
innovative design
Full of well organized features.
Ultra lite weight, perfect for carry in front pocket, above average lcd display
light, tiny, sexy, ironic ringer
Incredibly thin, great display, intuitive menu systems
Thin, stylish, clear call quality, easy to use, features galore
super sleek, intuitive, quality build, clear display, many useful features.
WOW-factor, Slim and lightweight design, full of features, reception, ability to upload multimedia
Ultra slim, sturdy, voice dialing, large phonebook, calendar
light weight + super slim = is it really in my pocket?
Very small and lightweight - great reception
Size, Ease of use, Style, Sleekness, Color
Durability, slim size, cool factor, great sound and reception
Thinist phone, it is so light. Attention getter.
The Sound quality is bar none. &#13;&#10;The voice dial feature is great!
Looks really cool, Super Thin, Features Galore, Downloadable Screensavers and Ringers, Dual color display
Thin, web options, down load voice mail to phone, built in voice command
Thin
Web Enabled, Lots of info on screen
Reliable
Small, Lightweight, Common, Good Speaker Quality, Nice Browser
good sound quality, when it works.
Too Many to list in 15 words
Sleek looking, within most budgets, great usability
Great deal at Cingular; lightweight and easy to use.
large viewing screen, easy-to-read, easy-to-use, can take a LOT of crap..
$20 phone and it very easy to use
Battery life, reception, ease of use.
Dual mode tech gives you signal everywhere
Long battery life, free from Suncom, capable of receiving text messages
Very clear calls. Light weight,durable and stylish.
It has a data port and everything I could ever need.
light and small, features, looks, price
Small, good games, pretty easy to navigate, nice looking, easy to carry
It has alot of memory to store names, numbers. Built-in web access
Attractive, Screen, Ease of Use, Phone quality, Built-in Bluetooth, Memory Stick DUO
Jack of all trades...
Big screen. PDA and Phone in one. MP3 ringtones.
great features, generally decent design
Every feature you want.
Note-taking ability: 'jotter'. [More details in Body]
good phone with PDA functions.
looks great, nice colors, memory stick, lots of functionality
Small size, calendar, phone book, e-mail, web browser, IR port, Bluetooth, battery life
Loaded with features, easy to find accessories.  Camera available.
Small Size, easy access to functions using the joystick, Bluetooth.
Features, size, accessories
Small and lightweight, bluetooth enabled, battery life, voice control.
Pocket size, color screen, Bluetooth capability, outstanding battery life.
Small tri-band phone, long battery life, plethora of features, no Sprint Service!
Form factor's stunning. Long lasting battery. Voice commands super. Bluetooth gives it a boost.
Bluetooth, colour, good support, too many features to list
Small and lightweight, voice commands, connectivity to other devices.
Just about everything except GSM service: price, call quality, battery life, etc.
Lots of cool features
really easy to use, offers many, many features
Colour, Small, Light, good-looking, well featured, Lots of technology
Small size, syncs with outlook, good sound quality, good battery, color screen
very small and light,thumbstick control,backlit keypad, color screen, voice commands
Design, weight, user friendly, display, and I could go on, but I won`t!
User-friendly, but at the same time advanced. Design, functions color display.....
It's color and easy internet WAP access
Small, light, great battery life, bluetooth enabled, good organizer
Compact, very stylish (neon blue backlighting), color and tri-band
Small, Colour Screen, Bluetooth, Global GSM, Voice Enabled everything!
Small, Fairly Priced, Great Features
Colored screen. Lots of fancy stuff like wallpaper, etc.
Lightweight, huge array of features
Colour screen, Tri Band, Bluetooth
Small, lightweight, cool-looking, joystick, fits nicely in pocket
Global roaming, color screen, lightweight
Good reception
Metallic blue color is appealing.
A pleasant change from nokia's. the best phone of it's time without doubt!
Small size, multiple features
Tiny, light, solid, beautiful display, countless features
size,bluetooth,color display,battery life
Feature Rich, Great Size, Good Menu System
256 Colors screen, Triband, GPRS, WAP, Bluetooth, Infrared connectivity, MMS, SMS
Size, color screen, battery life, WAP
20 minute record time, size
bluetooth Macintosh synchronization
Bluetooth, calendar with IR sync to Outlook (or other computer calendars), multiple call handling.
cool looking phone
Small, lightweight, Color Display, cool-looking.
Small a packed with features.
lots of nice options, easy to use.
Great Features
bluetooth, color screen, good price.
size, color screen
Great Looks, nice color screen and very light. Great batt life
Very good looking and great performing phone.
no pros at all.
Bluetooth, Color display, Sync Capability, Price, Battery Life
compact, Bluetooth, triband, programmable ring tones
Bluetooth.  Style.
Holds picture of my kids
Nice outer design, great feel, solid physically.  GREAT battery life
Color Screen, Bluetooth, IrDA, Weight, Looks
Great features, tiny phone, long lasting battery.
Color screen, Bluetooth built in, Updated Firmware
Blue backlighting, space between keys, cool looking
Cheap, small, LOTS of features, multiple alarms
Camera capabilities, tri-band, GPRS high speed data.
Excellent user interface and messaging capabilities, amazing battery life, light weight and... AUTOMATIC REDIAL!!!
Download ringtones and pictures, very customizable.
Size, bluetooth capability
Looks cool.
The t68i phone is feature packed.  Ringtones, backgrounds, contacts etc... can be sync'd w/ Outlook.
Small, great sound quality, long battery life
Ummmm...Errrrrr...
Handy Size, reasonably logic functions
LIGHT WEIGHT
Loaded with features,Gud design,Light weight
Good reception, voice quality, and features.
pretty small, has games, durable.
Changeable faceplates
Stylish, compact, lots of features, great reception, changeable faceplates, and it's cheap!
Good buy, practical
Great battery life and reception.  User-friendly with tons of great features.
Great reception and lots of features, Battery lasts a long time. Easy to use.
Great Easiest to use cell phone
no monthly payment
Light, durable, and cute in a silly way.
Very thin and lightweight. Very good reception. Clear hearing and large volume span.
Very user-friendly.
thin, awesome sound quality,low price, perfect!
The phone was practically free.
great size and talk time
Thin and light.  Good sound quality.  Dual Band.  Battery built in!
Small, user friendly, good clarity and dependable. I love the built-in battery!
The Qualcomm QCP-2760 is a very lightweight, sleek and user friendly phone.
Small, lightweight, thin, good reception, solid construction, free with plan!
Loaded with features, almost a pda and phone combined.
Excellent keypad, voice activated dialing, battery life, voice memo
Voice activated, portable, flip style
This phone is HORRIBLE! There are no pros...
good-sized display, easy scroll bar, lightly and speaker phone
light, easy to use
Easy to program, comes with two different colorful covers.
Small, fits in pocket
Great, light, affordable!
Countour, Weight
Good sound, good price, versatile accessories.
Resistant, cheap.
Cost, Functionality, Power and Features
Slim, small design. Color choice. Digital capable. Expanded phone book. Antenna angled to reduce radiation
Condom-like covers to change its looks, functional design
dependable, stylish, small
style,not overloaded with useless features
Phone wraps, style, phone book, Voice mail button, ease of use
Durable, decent battery life, nice physical design, web enabled & affordable.
Cool design, nice switching cover feature.
Durable, easy to find
Price, features, availability, accessories easy to obtain
Navigating the phone directory, ease of use
Lightweight, compact size, stylish
It has a am/fm radio that you can listen to with ear piece
free, cute looking in shape
Small, easy to use, fairly cheap
antenna on an angle away from head
Sleek look. Clear, great uptime, no flaws as of yet
Small, Lightweight, easy to use with a headset,and Internet Browser.
Small, lightweight, has internet capability, many useful functions
small, lightweight, sleek, durable
Packed with tons of features
Size and Features
Strong, small, lightweight and versatile.
Size, Weight, Clarity
Nice feel; Web browser built in
Small and lightweight
Light Weight, Durable, Easy to read display, 4 types of numbers stored per 99 entries.
compact and lightweight
Small size, data access and sync software, good battery life, small size
small, lightweight, cool
Compact, lots of features
Size, quality of construction, appearance, durability
Size and portability, reception
Compact, sturdy, vibrate mode
Protected keys/screen w/flip, lots of features, very light and compact
Tons of Features
small size, coolness factor, big LCD screen
Small, Excellent Battery Life, Web Browser Built In
Holds calls in some weak signal areas, text messaging memory, good battery&#13;&#10;life, Motorola support
Very tiny, amazing call quality
Sound quality, compact size
Small size, good features, and that Star Trek factor :-)
Size, quality, features
Lightweight, nice visual display, menus are easy to navigate.
Very small, long-lasting battery, pretty good reception
Very sleek and small.  LOADS of features!
well designed, easy to use
Small, easy to use
Unbreakable.  Easy to use.  Comfortable.  Sync ability.
small, good reception, loads of features
long battery life, good features
Small, Durable, Classy
Durability, ease of use.
Size, accessibility, feel, and functions make this phone superb
Folds up, loud ringer &amp; it vibrates.
Phone Book, Backlit, Vibrating
clamshell design, small size, durable construction, good ergonomics, efficient menus, good performance
Small, discreet, well-built, long battery life, readable display. Belt holster very handy.
small, lightweight, easy to read display, long battery life, very durable
great phone. has tons of features
Size, Sound, Internet Ready, Signal Strength
size, flip
It's a cute little phone to fold up and carry around
Dual band, very small, lots of third-party accessories
Lightweight, Small, Easy to Use
Small size, descent size screen
Small, and lightweight
little
Small, compact, nice clip for attaching to your belt
Small, light, flexible settings
Easy to program
Small, nice features
small, lightweight, belt clip is very handy
Ultra-light and Portable.
Small, not bulky, light-weight, slim design, phone holster is easy to use, timers helpful
Small and convenient to use
Light-weight, small, durable, easy to use, stylish
Clear sound, loud ringer, loaded w/ features
Great phone, durable, great reception.
Size and display
small, discreet belt clip, lots of memory
Size
Small, lightweight
Comfortable feel during use. Simple to use. Good volume and reception.
Durable, Battery life, flip.
Features, battery life
The pro for this phone is that it is very compact.
Durable, sleek
Small, lightweight, easy to use
Small, Good battery charge, easy to use
It looked nice, was appealing
Durability, compact, features, storage capacity, LCD display clarity.
Great reception.  Easy to use features.  Great size.
Great features, great tiny size, great battery life, great phone.
Lets me do what ever I want to it.
Small size, flip phone, Good range of features.
Small, lightweight, caller id outside of flip, multi feature, comes with hands free
small and compact
size, battery life, features, extra lcd, coverage
Colourful, Compact Phone.
Size, User Friendly
small, but hard to lose, good interface, excellent reception
Compact phone with basic essentials on display of front flip cover
Small, compact.  Many features.
Small, compact, fits in pocket
Wonderful reception, portable
Cheap and Small
small size; Alarm clock; caller ID on outside; easy to navigate menus; Wireless Web
Flip phone, scratches less, nice visual
Durable, easy to use, long battery life, takes a beating and keeps on ticking!
Small, lightweight
features and price
Price and simplicity
Great reception, great battery life, overall great phone.
Battery life; reception; size, portability; silver color
Everything the V120C has plus more.  Snub antenna won't break!
Slim design is comfortable to hold; I LOVE the blue backlighting!
Bright light-up display, loads of features, ease of use
Size, ease of use, features
Clarity, battery life, price ($19.95 with car charger)
Easy to program.  Nice blue screen and backlit keypad.  Nice selection of ringtones.
Backlight is neat.
Clear, nice size, (I don't like too small phones), low price
lots of cute rings, adequate phone book/navigation/backlit
easy to use features, easy to read screen, variety of ring tones, voice activated dialing
lightweight, small, headset compatible, travel charger included
Small size, headphone included, infrared, vibrating mode.
menus, text-messages, durability, battery-life, ease of use
Infrared, Surfs the Internet, Functions as a Wireless Modem, Small/Lightweight & Durable design
Size, IR capabilities, Call clarity, More than enough memory
Small size, durable, packed with features. Has a vibrate alert.
Small, lightweight, long battery life
Features and price.
nice size and 'fit' in the hand
Easy to use, great battery life, variety of ringtones and faceplates to buy.
Hand feel, functionality, performance, internal antenna, changeable covers.
Good form factor, decent reception, easy to use
Small, cool looking, vibrates, easy menu use
Changeable housing, good talk time, strong basic features, low price tag, compact
Little, Web enabled, PC connectivity, IR connection
Small size, lots of functions, great price. It's a Nokia.
Easy to use, Internet, Email, SMS and VERY Customizable
small, lightweight, easy to use, lots of features
Very pocketable, no antenna protrusion; Text & e-mail capable; Calendar for reminders and call-log info.
Small, attractive, has good games
Size, Price, Weight, Options
Lots of features, easy to use
Compact size, Excellent vol. control, Full of features
Small, many cover options, text messaging
Ease of use. Lightweight. Customizable.
Lightweight, easily customized, relatively inexpensive, good clarity
Size, features, infrared data port, desktop software, awesome ear piece
Just the right size, cheap(er)
Small size, no flip cover to break, no antenna to snap, good battery life
Cool design, IR port, solid address book UI, and long standard battery life.
Loads of features, e-mail, voice clarity, display
Small,very easy to use,reception & clarity, 2-way Text messages!!
Full featured, Great Price
Lightweight, intuitive interface, long battery life, loaded with features, great price
InfraRed,
Convenient, profiles, good charger
Small size, lack of external antenna make it easy to fit in a pocket
Small, easy to use, best reception I have had, faceplates, now it's cheap!
Nice size.  No external antenna to easily break.
Small, relatively lightweight, comfortable to hold, durable, excellant for price
Nice size, good screen, no exterior antenna
IR port, vibrator, seems durable
Durable, cheap
Small & compact, packed with features, ability to change covers
solid construction; responsive; IR port; loud volume; internal battery; small
Reliable, full-featured, great bang-for-the-buck.
Small, battery lasts long, fun rings to download!
Vibrating function, small, convenient
Sturdy, nice price, many features, easy manuverability.
Vibrates, IR capable, Internet ready, clear view screen, clarity of conversation great, Many great features!
Size, IR Capability
WAP,Infra-Red,
just about everything
Good Size, Very Functional, Great Features, Easy to Use, Great Battery
Rugged, Sleek, Customizable, Pocket-sized, Internal Antenna, Great Price
lots of features for a small price,&#13;&#10;good size,
Perfect Size, Right Amount of Features
Smaller and Lightweight
Small,lightweight and has an infrared beaming feature
Size, features, ease of use, durability
Fairly small, lots of features.
Price......
Size is just right.  Loaded with features that most people use.
Just about the best phone I've had yet, guess the seventh times a charm.
Graphics are about the only thing that's good
Size/weight, illuminated keypad and screen, internal antenna, features, apparent durability.
small, lightweight, lots of features
small size, GREAT reception, super clarity during calls, cool features, ability to personalize
Compact size, Lots of neat features including iR communication with PDA's and Notebooks
lightweight, built-in vibrating alert, reminders, front & back color covers, downloadable ring tones
size, features, text messaging, downloadable ringtones, calc,compatible with palm pilot, interchangeable faceplates and accessories
Changeable covers, internet, downloadable ringtones, memory space
lightweight, easy to handle, sharp looking, comfortable to talk on
Size, ease of use, very good reception.
Easy to use, Amazing Interface, Cheap, Almost Too Many Options
Send/receive data via phone's infrared port to other IR-equipped handheld devices such as Palm
User friendly, many features like the 8260 series phone
small size, no annoying antenna, ease of use, price
Size, Battery Life, Internet Ready
It's small, and it vibrates.  The games are updated with a bit of graphical enhancement.
cool looking
Changeable case, Ring tones, Good screen
Perfect size, Features, Customizable, Battery, Reception
Reliable, rugged, easy to use
clear sound, easy to use menus, compact
Great Antenna, Perfect Size, Nokia Menu
Compact Size, Designed Well, Full of Features, IR Port
Great functionality, they didn't cut corners on this one!
good reception and options
Full of features, price is right, feels good in hand
compact, affordable, good battery life
Small, lightweight, silent allert.
It's cute.
Size, look, vibrate, easy menu
Often comes free when you sign up for phone service, as it did for me.
None that I can think of, well it is fairly small
Cheap, great size, not too big or small, durable!!
Small, Vibrates, multiple ringtones
Small, compact
Packed full of features, downloadable content, easy to use.
-Easy to use
Web Enabled, no antenna, small, changeable faceplates, ect...
Small
Integrated vibrate alert, one-touch dialing, large address book, text messaging.
Can be obtained for Free
Compact, durable, inexpensive, easy to change faceplates and downloadable ring tones.
UNBREAKABLE!!!; Plenty of function; Good reception; Compact Size;
Small, dependable, tons of features, state-of-the-art
Compact, Trendy, Functional
Small, Looks cool,
Does a lot
Small, cool features, attractive
Can't think of any
Great Reception.
Small design, convenient address book.
Small size, mostly clear
For the month or so it works, it works well.
lightweight, easy to use, very cute
Tri-Mode, small, changeable face plates, inexpensive
Everything!
compact, lots of features, vibrator
Very durable, internal antenna, simple animation. Text message, email, even AOL Instant Messanger capable.
Wickedly long standby time
Great design, small in size, simple to use
Decent battery, vibrate, faceplates, lots of ringtones, small.
Good long lasting cell phone
Small, Cheap, Durable
small size, easy to use, great menus and features
lightweight compact design, ease of use
Great reception, good menu, nice size.
Compact, light and easy to open and close
Size, Weight, Carrying Holster, Stylish, Great Reception
Small, light, navigable menu system, good battery life
Size, Durable, Ease of use
Nice looking phone, ample features, good reception.
Design
Low price, ease of use
Fabulous for the price and great in its day.
Light. Reasonably cheap and enough games to enjoy.
low price, durable quality
Tough and Rugged.
Good build, lot of accessories and support, user friendly for phonebook and SMS.
Rugged design, good features, not too bulky, battery
signal quality better than i700 - less/no dead zones
Excellent features, two way radio, small and light weight.
Lightweight, ease of use, display icons
Web enabled, small size, light weight, large display screen, send and receive email, faxes.
Speaker phone, Two way radio, Battery Life
2-way radio, speakerphone, instant silent mode
Direct Connect
Two-way radio, speakerphone and alphanumeric paging
Walkie Talkie function is very handy
lightweight, great features
small, light, long battery, direct-connect
Lots of features in a relatively compact package
Direct-Connect walkie-talkie functionality, built in speakerphone
Loads of features, superb speaker phone, battery life
Two way talk system
compact, light, and easily manageable, fun to use!
Small, Flip design, Net capable, Voicemail, 2 way radio, caller ID
many partnerships
SPEAKER PHONE!  Direct Connect feature.
Compact, can get 2 for 1 deal, two way radio, good antenna, great for babysitting
Clarity - Size - Battery Life
Phone+Pager+Radio all in one, Cool looks
Speaker Phone, 2-way radio, text paging
Cellphone and handsfree kit in one
Super features, good sounding audio, web access
two way radio!
Speakerphone, good sound, excellent all-around
speakerphone, Nextel rounds to nearest second
Light, and is pager, phone, and walkie talkie
Looks cool
Works Everywhere, No Roaming Charges, Internet Access starting 01/2000
Size, look, durability and direct connect.
Light weight, good features great battery
Walkie Talkie, Speaker phone, Battery life
Contains three services in one.
Speakerphone, Durable
Small size, easy to use, great clarity
Small, compact
Makes a great door stop!
works well indoors, great features
Walkie-Talkie feature plus speakerphone
Two-way radio feature, rugedness, vibration alert
Speakerphone, neat design (like a classic Trek communicator)
Great Phone
Service, size, see through display, speakerphone, one second billing &#13;&#10;
Small, Flip design, Net capable, Voicemail, 2 way radio, Caller ID
Two way radio, Many features
Compact, see-thru cover, speakerphone
everything
speaker-phone, well-designed
Small with many, many features
talk without holding phone
direct-connect feature, address book.
long battery life
Unlimited Two Way Calls
cost effective especially if you use 2-way,  nationwide service
Less need to use telephone air time
Nice looking, good battery life
Speakerphone, VibraCall, DirectConnect
semi-small size, great sound quality, 4 different usage options
Compact; Speakerphone Is Great; Radio Function; Plastic Holster
Ease of use, light weight, small, internet capable.
Speakerphone, two-way radio
radio
Great coverage, excellent clarity &amp; reasonable rates.
Great features
free walky-talky system
Too many features to list, lightweight, good battery time and very reliable service
clear communication, easy to use, very portable and compact
Speakerphone, two-way radio, e-connections (text pages, web capable, etc).
Laden with useful features, good performance
absolutly none
Cheap, small, and gets reception everywhere
Good features
Excellent sound, good features
compact, two way radio, great features
small, walkie talkie, cheap
Cool design, great features
everything
Convenient size
Nice concept, but rarely works
ability to hold a charge
Lightweight, speakerphone, no roaming fees
light weight, speakerphone, data support
features & features, easy to program, small, very durable, great support
Easy to use, great features
Very good product
Great sound quality, awesome features
Speaker Phone, Direct Connects, Small, Compact
Web Enabled
Great Clarity (when in service), Direct Connect, Great new improvement!
see above
2way radio,regular phone features ,size,durability,legibility.
Compact, easy to use
NONE
Small, with nice 2 way radio
small, very nice looking, and clear
The reception is always clear. From the most remote places!
Small, 2way radio is great, easy to read
Small in size, reliable and durable
Incredible browsing, easy interface
Features, and Nextels service
speaker phone, voice mail, great reception, 2-way radio, flip-up speaker that allows phone to become full size, long-lasting battery, and very portable
small size, powerful and hands free
Speaker phone
Overall design, features and battery life
Internet surfing ability and people think you are Captain Kirk
Features, battery time, clear reception
Clarity
everything
It works
It is both a 2-way radio and a phone.
Commercial quality communication at excellent pricing
2-way radio
If you use the walky talky feature...its free
mail, paging, voice mail, phone, walkie-talkie in one
size   weight  features   call clarity
cheaper rates, larger range
Handsfree speakerphone, quick charging battery and long standby time
Two-way messaging, great clarity
The speaker phone is amazing in reach and clarity, excellent web browsing.
small, a lot of features
Great  customer  service  and  recieption
Lightweight
its a motorola. 2-way radio, good reception
Great CB quality, tough outer shell, works well long distance
Compact, direct connect is nice.
direct connect, see through cover, large display screen
small, versatile, easy to use
I don't like them
small light weight
everything!!
Affordable, Lightweight, Secure
Speaker phone, light weight, dependable
Lightweight, Compact compared to other Nextel phones
Durability, sound quality, speaker phone quality.
you could contact your love one
Too many to list
Product has the features I want
Tons of features
tons of features!!
Speakerphone, lightweight, great battery life w/ monitoring
Bluetooth, price, AMAZING features
Bluetooth, motion detection, excellent audio (RF) quality, battery life, price.
Every feature a power user may want.
Bluetooth, IR, GSM, light weight, great accesories
It is phone, if you can get it to work.
Small, clear and lightweight!
Nice array of features, long lasting battery, no big problems
Nice sleek style with good clarity and lots of features for the $
cheap, light, clear, easy to use menus, cool covers
sleek, nice features, clear, you can change colors, nice display, cheap, web enabled&#9;
Cheap, some useful features, phone wraps, good sound quality
Sleek shape, light, easy to change color, web capable, clear
Easy to use.
Sleek design, light weight, affordable, belt clip included, skins included
fun, cute, easy to set up, light, durable
Ping Pong Messaging, easy use, cheap
Different choice of covers
Really cool looking, small
Compact; rugged; comfortable to hold; quality construction
Solid feel, easy operation
It has the feature you would expect.
lots of features
web enabled, easy to use, fast recharges
A great phone.Easy to use and has a lot of options. Very clear.
easy to use, fun colors, unique
Looks nice and very helpful
price,its cute,has all basic needed features
Small, sleek, cute, durable, fun, handy, covers come in cool colors!
clear, small, and light weight
Compact and lightweight, menu likes on Windows, 28 languages of menu, good sound and sensitivity
Ericsson has good service centers.
Compact, flexible, light.
The next generation in convergent audio technology
Small, many many features
A Top Class Mobile Phone.
A very classy and high performing phone
thin, goodlooking
Almost everything - especially style, size/weight &amp; features
Very compact, vibration alarm, voice dialing
tetris &amp; solataire
Features, Battery Life, Portability, Robustness
Small and elegant.  Very good reception even in buildings.
Small, Light, Blue backlight, Vibracall
looks, size
Slim Handset
Sleek , Robust
Size, sleekness, battery
All features like- Voice Dial, Vibrating Alert, Profiles etc.
Size, Style, Vibrate mode, Battery life
Style and Functionality included in the one phone, GREAT customer service
cute and user-friendly
Very Very light and small indeed, Dirt cheap, Quite stylish.
Small, light, great features
Small, cute
Very suave looking, flashy and KEWL!!
design, options
Small size, decent battery life, range of accessories, excellent menu system
PDA and phone integration, color screen
cell phone/palm pda combo all work as expected. lots of 3rd party enhancements. speakerphone.
Slick unit, great features and ease of use
Small, Color screen and well my external brain.
Great speakerphone, nice dialing thru address book, good pda, fast internet browser, ir beaming
Excellent integration of phone, internet, email.  Very stylish
Combination phone, looks great, large screen
Just what you'd expect/hope.  Features are solid.
Everything!
- better than the handspring treo 300
Great size, All-in-1, Great reception, Speaker phone, Wireless Internet
Incredibly versatile; ergonomically perfect; easy to use and navigate; very durable.
Great form factor; perfect blend of features
Seems well built
nice phone, fun toy
There are no pros for this device
Sturdy; Great Looking; User Friendly; Basic Features Done Well
Light weight, sleek look, value for money mobile
Perfect mobile for young people
*Voice recording.&#13;&#10;*Strong vibration .&#13;&#10;*Small size .&#13;&#10;*Shortcut button .
--
Vibrations, Alarm, Soft keys, Small
Long battery life, Small,  Clear Sound.&#13;&#10;Switches from digital to analog automatically
Small, light, Hands-Free Car Kit a HUGE plus, good reception.
Sturdy
THIN, sturdy, holds lots of numbers, long battery.
All the many features this phone has to offer!
Small, lightweight, lots of features, generally user friendly.
Ease of use, features, battery life
small, light, nice design, display, features
Lots of features
None
Size
Great interface, lots of useful features
A Nice phone.....
Great extra feature like Calendar, Alarm and PROFILES!!!
Good RF performance, nokia menu easy to use. Profiles rock! Great battery life.
size, executive features, great reception ? world traveler.
Great battery life, Small, Light-weight, Good reception/signal
Super light and tiny, great battery, powerful programming.
SMALL!!! LIGHT!!! Easy to access phonebook.
Very portable, sleek, tons of accessories and user replaceable parts, good reception.
Very attractive and modern-looking. Small and not heavy. User-friendly.
Very Small, Light weight, Clear sound quality, Custom keys and menu
SUPER SMALL!!  Motorola product.  Long battery life.
small size/large phonebook/feature packed
Very Clear, Large Phone Book, Lots of Ring Tones, Online Capablitity
Small, sleek, sturdy,world-class, recognizable
Small, lightweight, attractive, customization is easy.
good-looking, good features
Very small,lite, and stylish. Decent signal and battery life.
Portable, lightweight, and stylish. simple, great for the buisnessman/woman.INCREDIBLY DURABLE
Works in Europe as well
small sleek phone
perfect small size; accessible phone book, easy to enter phone numbers, understandable menu
Small, affordable.
Very Small and light weight.  Decent sound quality.  Good battery life.
Light, durable, good reception, fashionable
Camera/Video.
Solid standard phone features
Big Screen, Good Camera, Symbian Operating System, Cheap,
Great Colour Screen
organizer functions - Color camera and display - video abilities
graphics, sound
PDA functionality, photo caller ID, sleek design, lightweight and compact, external LCD
Color display, compact, wireless web enabled, user friendly
Color screen, outer caller ID display, flash appeal, and quality
Sleek, silver, and in color, showing off the technology just starting in the US.
sharp display, crisp sounds, lots of features (photo caller ID!)
The color screen is cool. The LCD screen on the outside.
Awesome Color Screen, very light; good show-off phone
COLOR, eye catcher, design, midi rings, photos on the screen
Small, light weight, sleek, dual LCDs, solid construction, large screen.
Nice looking, cool features, great phone book implementation, user friendly, nice ringtone.
small, good reception, color lcd screen
midi rings, color display, bright screen
compact size, color LCD, outside LCD, big buttons, lots of features, wireless web
Color screen, ability to download midi files and pictures
Everything on this Phone is top Quality.
The look and the Picture feature. THATS IT!!
nice color screen,great ring tones,easy use pc sync mode,very light and durable
Design, covers, light weight
Cheap. Available. Works with my network. Inexpensive 3rd party accessories.
Good battery life, nice size, good reception
No bills, no statements, and plenty of free services!
cute design, many free additions
Durable, lightweight, great sound quality, easy to use.
Easy to operate, durable, stylish, good phone for a small price.
Rugged, dependable, 2-Way Text Messaging as well as voice, good value
Cute! Easy to talk on. Clearer than most other phones. Great phone for your money!
Attractive Cosmetic Look
Stylish, durable...
Small, light, good features.
small, light, lots of features
Nokia 8310
Its phone-radio capability is everything you wish you had 3 years ago.
It can supply people convenience and comfortable.
FM radio, nice backlit screen
good looking, large information reserves volume
Sleek, stylish look, good software, easy to use.
I loved it, it was small, cute and had great colours.
Well designed external LCD, very convenient form factor, good sound quality and reception.
Lightweight and tiny; large display for its size; web access, calendar, calculator
Great looks, solid overall build quality
small, lightweight, outer LCD display is awesome
Great design, small size, useful external LCD
Small, Lightweight, external caller id box
Full featured, easy to carry
Excellent size, external LCD
Small, sleek
compact, durable, chicks dig it, ease of use, lcd on outside with caller id
Great price, small, most of the special features i like, large easily browseable phone book
First and best mobile phone i ever owned
Stylish, small, works well - fits in pocket easily.
LIGHT STURDY SLEEK IN STYLE
Smaller, user friendly phone with direct connect
Small design, Lots of options, overall good phone
Affordable, durable, reliable, versitile, chicks dig it.
Compact size. Flip design. Basic features. Two way plus cellular.
Long Battery Life, Nice Size, Great Design, Walke Talkie, Most Normal Features, Cheap
Smaller than most other Nextel phones, voice activated dialing, nifty blue backlighting
Small in size, long battery life, it works
easy to use, direct connect, cool looking, its a nextel
Nice design, relatively small, loud ring alerts, speakerphone.
Easy to use, durable
None.
this phone is very easy to use and has good reception, clear as a bell.
Voice dialing and recorder, compatible with GSM and TDMA networks
Sleek, feature-rich, exceptional reception, Voice Commands
Works just about everywhere, light weight, battery life
Large memory, easy to dial
Incredibly solid build. Easy interface. Good features for price.
Incredible sound quality and reception, decent features, multi-networks give ultimate covarage, Nokia user interface
Excellent signal Strength, call clarity, and voice dial capabilities
Nokia Branded; Outstanding Battery Life; WORKS AS ADVERTISED!!!
Works great on the Cingular GAIT plan.  Better national coverage.
Small and light weight, web enabled, downloadable ringtones.
Packed with features for the price
Nokia name brand, battery life, voice activated dialing
big screen, pretty good battery life, great for messaging
Great battery life
sexy, sleek look, great reception and voice quality, amazing battery life
Slim Design, great volume
New technology, great features, good price, voice dialing
Light, sleek, no antenna, great sync, good PIM.
Sleek, antenna-less design; features galore
Multi-band: GSM, TDMA, Analog
The phone is light-weight and easily fits in any purse or brief case.
Long battery live. Easy to use.
Nothing I can think of at the moment.
Fairly small.  Good battery life.  Fair features.
The light weight design makes it very handy. We like the clear "land line" quality.
Voice dialing seems to work great.
Excellent  signal performance, call quality, battery life
The battery life is great.
Long battery life
TDMA+GSM, Long Battery Life, Very Clear, Doubles as a PDA
Picks up a signal everywhere, great for traveling, sturdy, not too small, a dependable cellphone.
Multi band, good for rural areas that do not have GSM coverage.
Easy menu navagation
So small it fits in your pocket, lots of features, great sound!
Has many features, it's lightweight and doesn't require much storage room.
Stylish and full of features; convenient, small and user-friendly
bigger screen, buttons; better battery; screensaver; Internet; more personal ringtones, profiles; uses old Nokia stuff
Easy to Handle and  Easy to use.
Small size, lightweight, user friendly
Small, bright backlight, easy-to-use buttons and menus, no antenna
Fully customisable, music ringtones, games, lightweight, stylish, etc.
compact, durable, excellent sound quality, good storage capability, large font screen for visibility
Loudness
Good looking, small, light-weight phone. Loaded with features.
small, compact and comfortable.  Good reception where I am
Small, great features, easy to use, ringtone composer
very sturdy
Sturdy, Small, Made By Nokia.
It came free with the service
Nice color screen
Reception, Screen, Ringers, Speaker, & lightweight!
Big bright screen, solid construction, easy buttons, intuitive operation
Display easy to read
Solid construction and great signal strength. Feels good to use.
EXCELLENT RECEPTION,EASY TO HEAR INCOMING CALLS,EASY TO PROGRAM,INTERNET READY
Excellent reception
screen, looks, reception, voice quality
Excellent screen/ Gets decent reception/ Big compared to other flips/ Pretty solid phone (not flimsy)
Speaker phone.
Light, ergonomic design, easy to use and navigate, sturdy, lots of features.
good battery life, very clear
Good voice dial option, light weight, it was free
Battery life, predictive text input, sleek appearance, voice dialing.
An affordable replacement that adds lacking features of previous 120 models
Sleek design, battery life, voice-activated dial, High Capacity Phone Book
Good reception, long battery life, lightweight
light weight, small, web ready
battery life, durability, customizable ring tones
Battery Life, Backlight Display, Memory
Good design, large enough to press the right buttons
Form, comfort, features
Size, voice
The appearance is it's greatest asset. Reception and clarity are also good.
Long battery life
Easy to see screen, sturdy build, solid reception.
Good looking. Light weight. Lots of features.
good battery life, very durable
size, ease of use
small, compact design that is modern and offers a fair amount of features
Small,discrete and lots of great features in a small pkg.
small, lightweight, if you have experience with cell phones, it's easy to use.
looks great, voice dialing, voice notes
Small and light, blue backlighting.
Made by Motorola.
battery life, sound clarity, gets the job done.
- SMS communication
Small and compact
small, easy to use
Easy to hold, very clear sound, no zone-outs
size without extra battery
economical, clear, large display face
very THIN, decent standby time, replaces my pager
Flat, long battery life and a few cool features
Excellent sound, good list of features
Great reception, tons of features, easy to use
Nice digital features in an inexpensive phone
small, light, inexpensive
Voice Recognition Hands Free Kit, Memory, Reception
Auto hands free is great, price is right
earpiece forms to your ear, slim design, clarity, serveral options
Thin,light,great features
slim design, durability, call clarity
Easy to use great for all time use
An extremely durable phone.  I've abused this phone and it still works perfectly.
Pretty blue case, thin and light
Small, light weight, interchangeable faceplates, great Qualcomm quality!
lots of features
Thin, thin but yet with enough power to transmit
good sound, small size
Two way radio, cell phone, and pager all in one piece of equipment.  Fairly small, and easy to use.
Very Versatile, Easy to Use and Read Display, Dependable, Well Made.
Easy to use, battery stays charges for long periods, lots of accessories,
Availability
Durable, clear, and 2-way radio.
Features
everything and then some
Comfortable, Compact, FUN!
Two-Way Radio
perfect clarity, wide range of plans available, small and compact
It can be abused, ergonomic shape.
Small, Direct Connect
Radio
awasome cell phone.two way.
They are portable
quick radio communications
2 way walkie
Direct Connect, very durable, battery life
Easy to use
Low price
Two-Way radio, good phone service &amp; clarity
rugged, durable, small, clarity, user friendly
Small and does it all for less $$
good plan and no roaming cost
Great service,Great customer service,Low cost phone
good sound
Two radio
It looks like a southern link radio!&#13;&#10;
Ease  of Use
instant access
2-way radio, clarity, internet access
The size, cost, no contracts, roaming fees etc.
2-way radio
Excellent phones, Excellent service
Convenience, and quality,very seldom static
Easy usage
Everything about it
Excellent clarity, great extra features
Small, Light, Attractive, Loaded with Features, Incredible Backlight
Superb styling, portability, cusomisation, and loaded with features.
Compact, lightweight, better overall backlit screen, good sound clarity
Weight, backlight, stylish design, quite a few improvements.
great Nokia UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna
sleek, elegant, great features
Small, Light, Cute looking, Cool White Backlight, Easy to use menus
lightweight, better reception, small, new features
Bright, clear screen.  Simple and quick access to features.
Looks, battery, features, compact, durable
small size, VERY bright light, very user friendly
Small size, sleek look.
Nice Styling and features
stylish, many functions, small
Small but big enough to hold in your hand
backlight, backlight fade effect, easy to read, durable, light, small, good reception.
very small, great battery life, cool lighting
Light, Small, Easy To Use
small, sleek stylish, features
Great reception; great design; easy menu
Has incredible battery life, gets great signal for small phone, and many new features.
Great features, excellent design, light weight
features, size
small, excellent upgrade, cool looks.  This phone rocks!
Small, sleek, white display, battery life, user-friendly
Small and lightweight
Small and compact, easy to use, face plate changeable
Convenient, good keyboard, simple and useful menu, great quality of sound, decent sensitivity, 11 games
Its tiny, the screens amazing, I love it!!!!
Keypad! Function! Games!
11 Games! 47 Tunes! Broadcast(CNN and stocks) Record voice memos
Mine was free, lightweight
small, lightweight and easy to carry
Small, Light, Easy To Use, Not Much Static
Inexpensive, Easy to Use, Plenty of Basic Functions
Lightweight and compact, clear reception
size, battery life(!)
Small, lightweight
very small easy to operate basic functions
Small
Small, easy to use, and some nice features.
small size, clarity
small size, load of features
Compact and light
Good
Small and lightweight, Nice belt clip, good manual
good voice quality, relatively light &amp; compact
Great Size, Great Offers
portable, durable, lightweight
Small, lightweight, portable
small, light, sounds clear
style, size, Motorola reputation, price
small, clear reception, many options
Light Weight , Sleek Design
good reception,light , and easy to use
small size, belt clip holder, charges quickly, great reception, lightweight
Small size, relatively easy functions
nice small comfortable
Size, weight, clearity, options
Small, Takes Abuse Like Nobody's Business,
size and durability
So small you can put it in your pocket and forget about it!
small and very durable.has the motorola toughness.
small, clear lcd, dependable, inexpensive
small light weight
Same great StarTAC looks
Great sound, sturdy, affordable, and small
It's small and looks cool.
Flip phone, Small
Compact, easy to use
Looks good, reliable
Very small and light
Size, cost, ease of use, dependability
Price, very small, auto answer/end calls with flip, well made, easy to read/understand manual
Free with service plan.  Small. Good clarity,
Great size, easy-to-use, clear reception
Extremely dependable
Small, Cost efficient
Economical rate plan
features
Small, lightweight, cheap, reliable, analog
A communication champ!
lightweight, convenient features
everything
Very light, small, long battery life, lots of options
small, light weight, easy to carry
compact, feels like a real phone in open position
compact and easy to carry
Small, Wearable, lightweight
Easy to carry around
Small, light, flip open to answer a call
Lightweight and compact
Very light
small, light, and always with you
It's very portable and small
compactness, ease of use, battery life
small, compact convenient
size, durable
compact size, somewhat easy to use
small
Size, fits anywhere
compact
Little, cute, good sound
Small,Good Battery life
Cheap, easy to use.
Small.  Cute.  A nice phone.
small
Good size
Small, user-friendly, efficient
Portable,lightweight take it anywhere
buy it
size, weight, &amp; features
small, thats about it though
Long use and stand by time
Small, long battery life, easy to use.
Beautiful design... rugged... choc-ful-of features...
Small, stylish, lightweight, feature-rich
Lightweight Good Display Good Reception
Pretty much has every feature you could possibly need, great look
Great sound quality and lots of useful features on an easy to read display.
Smaller, sleeker, multiple numbers: one name, "nubbin" ok button,
Perfect size, good flip opening angle, good ear piece
Clarity, Loud, Long Battery Life, Great Features.
Because it is Nokia 8850!Stylish, Durable, Infraredmm
Stylish, elegant.
Stylish, great reception, slider is pratical and functional
perfect style-designed, high quality
robust, intuitive
Has a lot of features and looks good to top it off
lots of features, good reception & battery, good design
An all-in-one wonder for the modern mobile warrior
most features, high tech, great phone too
User documentation, durability
wireless, PDA, INTERCOM, FAX, E-MAIL ALL-IN-ONE
Utility, features
Good for business man
Does the job!
pda and phone in one
All in one features
Phone / PDA in 1 / sturdy / sound quality Nice
Fax, Internet, Email, all in one unit. Price! Solid construction.
Looks cool, has some neat games
Flippy clam-phone. Always on email & legible screen & great battery life.
very good converged device, works well as a cell phone
two in one, small, sleek, sexy
A NORMAL size cell phone and a Palm in one package.
Small, awesome color, battery life, form, and functionality.
Phone and PDA, size, long battery life
Perfect size & design, two-in-one device, great at both, and great battery life
Small, stylish, feature-rich, first PDA that actually passes for a phone!
It is a mobile telephone, you can make calls on it.
easy to read screen, lightweight and compact
email enabled, easy to use, great call quality, downloadable ringtones, more
Lightweight, long talk time and standby time
Small, Easy To Use, Lots of Features
Sleek design, portability, customizable in many ways (face-plate, ring-tones, etc.)
Great when it works
Cheaper then haveing a plan on a cell phone
Low cost, Durable, email and downloadable ring tones.
More options and versatility than you can imagine, cool, useful
Cool factor, versatile, only one device to carry
Clear colour screen, handsfree audio, plentiful software, well integrated with phone, good battery.
One device to carry, good features, well-integrated phone and PDA features.
The universal device, powerful, pretty
Does virtually everything. Takes SD and MMC expansion memory cards.
A TOTAL computer in my pocket.
Two features in one. GSM network.
Compact. Well thought out.Cool looking
PDA portion worked well enough; bright screen, nice format.
Everything you need, all in one place.
PDA, Email and phone convergence
One device, anywhere in the world
Nice screen
It was pretty good while it worked.
price, weight, battery life
Customized ringer, speaker monitor, better earpiece and good, solid phone for the price.
Fits right into your pocket, external caller ID, very easy to use
Small size, sound quality, ringer types, simple user interface
Small, external caller ID, big screen, stylish
Very small,tons of useful features, flip phone, external LED, strong ear phone
Big buttons, Small Phone, Good battery life.
Size, Monitor on feature, Loud and clear voice, good connection
Smallest phone around. Great sound. Dual band. Voice dialing.
The size of the phone and the options of choice.
Small and Looks cool
Small, Attractive, Long Battery Life
Small, ext. CID, Scheduler w/ repeating events, voice dial
Very compact, nice looks, external display, external LED, lotsa features
Small, great reception, extremely intuitive.
Sleek, slim design; durable; plethora of features; good battery life;
Small, light, fully functional phone for a great price.
Good-looking phone
Form factor,screen size,voice clarity,signal holding strength,PIM functionality
Stylish, slim, light, packed with nice features
Small, sleek.
Great size, easy to use
light weight, AIM, Yahoo features, compact design!
Good reception, Excellent battery life, well designed
Compact, LOTS of features, good sized screen, Good Clarity. Voice Activated
good connection when talking with others
none
Small.
compact
Small, flip cover, decent menu system, general feature set is good
scheduler, games, clear signal, stylish.
Easy to navigate interface, plenty of features, looks good.
Style.  Voice dialing.  Easy to set silent mode.  Compact design.  Good battery.
Everything
Great sound quality&#13;&#10;One-hand operation&#13;&#10;voice dialing&#13;&#10;one-touch headset compatible
easy access phone book
Small, great features, easy to use
Great phone with cool features.
Friendly interface, can set different rings for each number in your phone book, calendar, to-do-list.
Small, attractive, excellent sound and signal reception, LOTS of features
Features, price.
Easy to read LCD screen&#13;&#10;Programming is a snap
good interface
Small, Light Weight, Easy to navigate, lots of options
Extremely reliable, medium cool factor for younger people
Small, light weight, good signal and sound quality, and cheap.
small, lightweight, and VERY durable.
Size, Push-To-Talk
Great Display, Speakerphone,Camera a plus
Built-in digital camera, speakerphone, internet ready, plus much more!
See Review
Stylish Flip Phone and Design, Integrated Speakerphone, Integrated Camera, Nice Applications
Flip design, downloadable ring tones, speakerphone, camera.
Sleek design, able to use MP3 as ringtone, nice display, sturdy build.
good crisp color screen
Comfortable feel, Stylish design, World Phone, Awesome ringtones
Loud speaker phone, flip-design, large screen, clear display
Several great features, good sound, good signal
Sharp Display, Good Quality, MP3 Ringtones, Acceptable Camera, Sturdy Feel, Quad-Band GSM, speakerphone, 5MB memory.
Polyphonic sound, camera, SIM card, speakerphone, outside display, good volume, long battery life, great price!!
Stylish, colorful display screen, speaker phone, expensive
Attractive, good size, easy to navigate, great volume, and more...
flip phone, external display, large color screen
low-end Cameraphone, mp3 ringtones, 65K color display, mediocre speakerphone, USB port for uploading/downloading
takes good pictures
decent camera phone, user friendly format
Sleek, handy, light, trendy, super cool.
great sound,great camera, great game support.
Beautiful outside, beautiful inside, awesome user interface, good pictures, good features
Stylish, long battery life at first, semi durable, now has second generation
Color screen, Phonebook, Text messaging, Alarm, speakerphone
mp3 ringtones, camera, WAP access, good reception
time & caller id on cover, loud speaker, sharp screen, recording function, camera, games selection.
attractive phone,nice camera
Styling; Display.
Sleek
Sturdy after being dropped.
Great color! Great picture capacity for the camera! Awesome battery life! Sleek style! Decent Pictures
vivid screen (when working), loud ringtones, sleek design
some of the pros include: looks, price, features, camera, battery life, screen
Design, a flip phone, and easy to operate
screen, games, camera, speakerphone, mp3 ringtones
Ok camera
The screen, sound quality
Camera phone,Lots of camera features, budget price
I had good coverage with Cingular.
cool factor
good signal nice overall phone
Small size, external caller ID, crisp screen, decent camera, good battery life
Features
good screen, speakerphone, ringtone speaker is clear.  Has a good camers
Looks pretty
its pretty and takes nice pictures
Clear screen, small
good  to have a camera with you all the times  able to send photos.
stylish, silver flip phone, camera, voice activated calling.
User friendly; great reception; attractive in appearance.
Styling, Battery Life, Features, Price
Lots of features, nice blue/silver combo, great reception, awesome battery life.
Looks, reception, battery life, lots of features for the price
Easy to navigate.  Backlighting makes it easy to see.
Free, Works good
Background light is cool
Great reception, easy to learn how to use.
Price, features, appearance, battery life, locking features
great reception, nice feel in hand, antenna doesn't break, nice blue backlight
Nice design, display, backlighting, and holster connector.
Very attractive design and blue screen
Gorgeous body, new features, unbendable antenna, cheap with promotions.
Size; easy carry. Plenty of cool features. Bright, good quality, easily read color display.
Small, light, compact
Looks, design, size
Small .. nothing else good about it
stand-by time increased, better text messaging, on-the-fly PTT groups, & size.
SIZE, durability, speakerphone.
Very pretty phone that makes an excellent paper-weight.
Very small and does it all
None that compel me to write about
Looks good.
as seen on NBC's Las Vegas and Law & Order
small, compact, durable, simplicity of user interface
Sleek Phone, Color Screen
Pretty. Wallpapers, and MIDI ringtones.
Nice size, cute and pretty, easy to carry, nice color screen
Small size, cool bronze design (women dig it), easiest Nextel user interface yet.
small, solid, extra thought put into phone and charger.
Price, speakerphone, email capabilities, weight
Small, lightweight, eye-catching phone with good reception
Size, Sonics, Appearance, Phone book configuration, Vibrating alert, Speaker phone
Light weight, small, build-in vibrating alert, decent battery power and T9
VERY light, very small, clear buttons and menus.
Compact and Sleek,Features
Light, cool looking, nice phonebook features
address book,
Small and light weight.
small, good features
Light weight, looks good, reasonable price, good reception
- small
Lightweight, compact, aesthetically pleasing, text message and email capabilities, multiple numbers per person in phonebook
look, price
Great reception, and pretty durable
Size, ease of data entry, ease of use.
Size, Features, Battery Life, Motorola Reputation
Great construction; Great performance; Good features; Just about ergonomically perfect
Unsurpassed build quality, Features, Performance, Price, Everything else
Advanced technology, very well-designed and reliable. Feature-packed.
High quality construction and performance, solid features.
fairly inexpensive for a flip phone; lots of ringtones included
Compact, stylish, lightweight, and reasonably sturdy
Small, Sturdy, Good Battery Life
battery life, look (sleek), small
Small, stylish, feature packed, easy to learn and use
Battery life, easy to use, calculator
Good phone, very compact
Good clarity, excellent standby reception.
Durable, Clear Reception, Easy to use interface
Small size
Capability to assign different ring tones to numbers.
&gt;Nice size
Nice feel and better User interface for Motorola.
Excellent voice quality in standard handsfree and a terrfic speakerphone mode.
Durable; Strong Antenna; Excellent Reception; Voice Dialing; Good User Interface
Quality, ease of usage, color screen, battery life and clarity.
Durable, All the right features
Excellent sound quality, solid build, sleek styling
reception, etc. Everything but the antenna.
Sleek, small, durable
Flip phone is compact.
excelent sound quality, stylish, compact, lots of features, flip phone
looks cool
Attractive
Compact, sturdy, great features, great quality
Sleek, slim, light weight, great battery life...
Size, ease of use, reliability, feature-laden, stylish
Size and style
Sleek, Lightweight, Durable, Awesome battery life.
Looks great, compact, loud rings, many options without being confusing
UNIQUE DESIGN, NICE COLORS, GOOD VOLUME
Nice small and inexpensive, the plans for this phone are also inexpensive.
Small, stylish, ease of use
Size
This phone is small sleek and just plain looks nice.
size
Extremley good Reception Classy look and stilying
Attractive look, small, external screen
Voice activated dialing, personalized ring tones, many options
Flip phone, voice recognition, simple to use, battery life, style
Small, Looks cool
Wonderful size phone, and great features
None - buy anything else
Small, very fashionable phone
Small, Stylish, Easy To Use, Crystal Clear!!!!
small, modern looking, long talk time
size, looks, features, software usability
Phone is clear and signal reception is very good.  Stylish.
Sleek, sophisticated.  The Motorola V60 is a perfect combination of form and function.
Small, durable, large phonebook volume, cool snap sound when closing
none
Cool gadgets
Speakerphone, small, lightweight, flip phone, multiple rings, downloadable rings, vibrate, silent, battery life
small,sturdy, light
Simple and solid.  No whiz-bang junk to break or malfunction.
Great look, feel, reception throughout USA, sturdy, battery life.
Looks cool
Good reception, LCD clear and well laid-out, easy to learn.
Voice Dialing
Lightweight, simple, sleek looking, display screen.
Looks cool
Large phonebook memory, lots of message space
Creative phone covers.
Large screen
Small. Awesome battery Life. Really good menu systems.
It could do a lot of stuff.
small, light weight, all around good phone.
Thinner, compatible with accessories (mostly)
CDMA Technology Allows Connectivity To Laptop, Faceplates, Lithium Polymer Battery Capable
lightweight, easily portable, large number of ringtones
Lightweight, good battery, easy to use
Very slick and attractive, portible, lightweight, Ringtones, faceplates,Good sound quality...ect
Pull-Out Antenna, Tri-Mode, WebBrowser and Text Msging Enabled
Nothing special.  I suppose it is a typical cell phone.
Clear sound, easy to understand features, inexpensive
Cool style, great battery life, extremely clear, easy to use!
Fair soud quality, Cool color face plates, It's a Nokia, Please read for more
Good size, easy navigation, changeable faceplates in fun colors
Nice feel, easy to dial, clear large printout, changeable ring tones, tri mode
Call clarity, Internet capable, durable.
Good battery life
Tri-mode, standard Nokia features (ring tones, etc.)&#13;&#10;
Interesting Keypad Layout; Lots of Features; Takes Digital Photos
Easy to use, practical, "cool"
Unique design, loudspeaker, video recorder, digital camera, voice dialing, IR port, MMC memory slot.
excellent battery, stellar reception, great camera, lots of third-party support
Camera, downloadable apps, great editing, versatile phonebook, fun, light, good reception, huge screen
Massive Screen, Great Functionality, Bluetooth, Image Quality
Ability to laugh derisively at people who have 3650's and think they're "really neat"
design, features: bluetooth, modem, pim, voice recorder, expandable memory, camera
Many seemingly nifty features
built-in camera; nice color display
So many features, huge colorful screen
Head-turning design, excellent reception and sound quality, tons of features.
Easily viewable, oversized screen, Cool Factor, Nokia's wonderful menu system,
Bluetooth, reception, expandability, decent camera
Features, display, bluetooth, quality/reception.
Sound Qualtiy, Built in Digital Camera, Expandable Memory, Excellent Contacts Manager
Good phone with tons of features and expandability to boot.  Has an MMC card slot!
Bluetooth, screen, custom menus for power computer user - totally inaccessible to the regular user.
Tri-band allows you use your phone in majority of the foreign countries.
easy to use lighted round keypad, large screen, video recorder and camera, voice tag
Blue tooth,infrared,Modem,VGA Camera, VGA Screen,Video Recorder,Gr8 Picture quality,Tri Band,Speaker Phone &16 MB Memory
Big screen, symbian, bluetooth, vga camera, replaceable faceplates, mmc slot
Large screen, still/video camera, features aplenty
So many features, cool design, very lightweight, big color screen
Very cool phone, stylish and superb features.
Bright clear display, loads of features, memory card
Camera, video, bluetooth
Camera feature is cool but only for a couple weeks.
Packed with features, great style, light weight
Tons of features, cool design and keypad.
triband (GSM-compatible); backlit numbers, fun camera, decent menus + good reception and sound
Digital camera and camcorder... oh and it's a phone too!
Excellent software, bright screen, great reception, powerful battery, very light, Bluetooth, InfraRed, etc
Screen; ring tones; Symbian O/S; bluetooth connectivity; memory expansion; still/video camera; style
Features galore, nice pictures, long battery life.
color screen, reliability
This phone can do mp3,FULL movies,and just about everything but cook you dinner.
clarity and ease of sharing photos, video recorder
Large 4,096 color display, Great digital camera, Memory Card
Bluetooth and IR, nice screen format, camera takes good pictures, fancy look, ringtones, tri-band
Very nice looking phone.
Pictures, video, sound, text and email messaging with these attachments, internet browsing.  Unbelieveable!!!
Clear!!!!
Cool phone, camera takes good quality pictures, large color screen,  web access, lots of ringtones
Camera, good battery life, lots of features, sound quality
BIG screen, a plethora of features, great reception, camera
.
Light,unique,key pad,screen size, faceplate,great images,loud ear piece,one hour charger.
Fun, huge and bright screen, flexible use of memory, infrared port, clarity
Beautiful Color Screen, RECEPTION, Camera, Bluetooth, etc.
Good Screen, nice features, great software
Buttons should be at top
Bluetooth functionality, Symbian operating system, Reception
Big screen, Bluetooth, Built-in Camara, and lots of extras!!!
Camera.
Video, Photos, Easy Menu,  BLUETOOTH
A cornucopia of fantastic features.
Great 640 x 480 resolution on the camera and Great games you can download.
almost everything you can think of.. if not, programs are downloadable
Big display,GSM, SIM card,cool skins,outlook sync
GREAT VOICE CLARITY/QUALITY; CAMERA; VIDEO-RECORDER; GREAT PHONE BOOK ORGANIZER
tons of features, email, calendar, internet, and much more.
has color and a camera
great phone!
Lg screen w/ good resolution, easy to use
Good design, small, voice dial, getting cheaper and cheaper
small, elegant and simple overall interface, good interface shortcuts, great battery life, durable
Lots of features and control over calling functions, lightweight
Loud enough, looks okay, nice weight, for those who like options there are options-galore
Has a "joy stick" for easier use.  Decent reception.
nice size, nice features like calender, calculator
Loud enough, uses Li ion battery
the menu directory was easy to use and the internal light was bright
Light, long talk time, easy to read display
simple, easy to use
Good reception, perfect for a general user. Includes voicemail.
very compact, many nice midi ring tones
Very compact, External LCD, Excellent ringer tones, comfortably-sized keys, stylish.
Very small, lightweight, great ringer tones, good phonebook features
Compact, lightweight, dual LCD's, excellent sound quality, many useful features.
Indiglo screen, good reception, small size, ringtones/vibrate excellent looks, easy-to-navigate menu's, price!
stylish,light, easy to store(small), comfortably sized keys, outer screen, good ring tones, internet access
stylish, size, display and menu set-up, ring tones
Small & Lightweight; very stylish; lots of features
Small, stylish, external caller ID, nice ringers, good battery life
size, ergonomics, earpiece sound quality, phone book layout
Size, Weight, Features, Low Radiation Level!
Great phone, great size, cools games :-)
Great style, ultra compact, big clear screen, reasonable price
Voice activation (how did i live without it), great reception,clarity,looks,weight...need i go on..
Very small, great look, very clear
Good Looking, Small Size
Size,Menu,Voice Features,Reception,Great Ring Tones
Small, range of accessories. Versatile.
Small Size, Fashionable Design, Fun Ring Tones
games, size, colors, basically everything
Very small, long battery life, nice rings, stylish
very small and lightweight
Eco mode, light on/off, speaker phone, cute ring tones
Good looking and is very cheap for what it is
Good speakerphone, sound is clear in digital land almost all of the time, tri-mode
Text Messaging, Tri-Mode, Speaker Phone, Voice Dialing, Bluetooth, Web Access, Good Reception, Voice memos
A speaker phone for Alltel customers.  Other nice ideas.
speaker phone, large screen, clarity, long battery life, voice commands, FM radio feature
Solid, easy to use phone with speakerphone feature.
Great speaker phone, excellent display, friendly, solid functionalilty, wonderful voice features
Signal Strength (Verizon); sound quality; Outlook sync; volume; voice notes; screen doesn't scratch easily
Incredibly strong case, good speaker phone
A great Speaker Phone - Moe than enough features
Good speakerphone, good reception in most areas.
Full featured; Outstanding duplex speakerphone; Sharp Display; Battery life; PIM; Bluetooth technology
Features, durability, size/weight ratio
The 270C has everything you need in a cellular phone and more.
Speaker phone is nice safety feature
Strong, consistent reception! Easy to use, great speakerphone.
Many Features, Easy Access, Speakerphone
Easy to read display, quality speakerphone, battery life
The battery life, loud ring tones and battery life.
Excellent Call Quality and comfortable handset, great ability to get a signal where other-handsets fail.
Lightweight, Good Call Quality, Good Price, fairly rugged
Thin, Simple to Use, Has what I want
Light-weight, nice-size display, loaded with options
Excellent call quality, text messaging, perfect size, great battery life.
Small size, light weight, good battery life, lots of features.
Compact, economical, well-rounded
Small, light, well made, attractive styling.
semi-lightweight, semi-small, CHEAP!!
Lots of features, easy operation...
Real neat little phone
Compact and lightweight
Light weight, inexpensive, built in calendar and stopwatch
Free!(if you think that's a pro)
Small size, superior Nokia menu layout, Eye-catching blue backlight
Compact size, feature packed, easy to use, great battery & of course, the blue backlight
Small, Nice looking, Internal Antenna, Nice blue backlit screen
Very small and light. Easy to use. Has most needed features.
Small,superb styling
Web enabled, clear reception, nice mobile hands-free option
Size, sleek appearance, ease of use, features
Joystick makes menu navigation and game play easy.
easy format, good size screen, plenty of features
It's relative small and it plays music!!!
Sprint Service, plays music
GReat sound quality, great little phone
Easy menu navigation, Stylish, compact design
MP3, sexy design
Plays MP3s, many options, wireless web capabilities.
sound quality, slim size, multiple phone numbers for one name entry
Compact, easy to use.
Great battery life, easy to use, many features
Nice wood touch-Many Rings
Changeable faceplates, long battery life, great reception, durable construction.
Swiss army knife of phones, durable and reliable, price
Can handle some abuse, large buttons
voice tags, bright screen, polyphonic ringtones, uses 51XX, 33XX, 82XX power accessories
Now people can get me, not just my pager!
Great for people who are semi-impaired challenged. Keep making them!
Free with service plan. Doubles as a flashlight.
Great phone and affordable.
Small, bright light, MIDI ringers
Small,Slim,Light,Cute
Personalizeable, pretty, cheap
Free with most service plans
Lightweight; charges quickly; uses other Nokia accessories; picks up PCS signal well indoors;
Great reception! Quite durable, aside from water.Changeable covers and easy to use.
bright lights, easy to read screen
Cheap
Great reception outdoors, GPS E911 Ready, Voice dialing, large, easily recognized buttons.
small, stylish, easy to use. Camera. Assignable ring tones
Bluetooth, Useful PIM, Screen, Easy to Use, Built Solid
size and style make it a great phone
Slick look. Small form factor. Bluetooth. Camera. Wireless web
None that come close to redeeming the cons
Compact design, customizable backgrounds, can cause gadget envy
Light, compact, feature rich, good battery life and intuitive design.
Good Screen, Bluetooth, WAP Access, Camera built in a small form factor.
Ton of Features. Nice look.
Camera, trendy-cool features, solid reception, small form factor
Size, Screen, Bluetooth
Looks cool to the eye.
Size, feel in hand, build quality
Nice looks, ring tones, camera works well.
Light in weight, large screen
Nice screen, good volume and clarity.
Very small, long battery life, lots of features, looks cool
small size, GPRS, Bluetooth, Java, Mophun, good ringtone reproduction, multi-number contacts, POP3-mail access
Nice Looking, good Bluetooth and Voice Dialing
read above
65k color screen, games, internet capable,lighweight and small
Connectivity, interface, look.
Lots of great features.
its colourfull
Bluetooth. Camera. Wireless web most things young teens want man! basic phone
Lightweight, world phone by T-mobile, clear, excellent signal.
Great looks, large screen for size, camera, sending text and pic messages fairly easy.
Easy user inerface. Bluetooth. Camera.
Bluetooth, Full of features, Large Display
camera and infrared work decent. didn't have a chance to test bluetooth
Inexpensive, Great Performance, Durable, Has the Important Features
Sleek and Stylish, Well Constructed, Ergonomically Correct, Good Clarity, Nice Bells and Whistles
Very stylish. Easy to operate.Great battery life.
Inexpensive, good volume
Price, looks, sturdy construction, size and weight, reception and sound quality, colors
Excellent reception; loaded with features.
light, decent voice quality, built in speaker phone, comes with two face plates
Lightweight, Easy access to "Quiet" Mode
Lightweight, good display, cheap, changable faceplates
Light, nice screen colors, easy to use, nice tones.
Very lightweight, but sturdy; good reception
Color changing screen, stylish exterior, VERY lightweight
light weight, excellent phonebook, color changing backlight, good reception (depends somewhat on service provider)
Color changing screen, stylish exterior, VERY lightweight
Recycling older, previously used phones?
Size/weight, several display options
Lightweight, ease of use
Sweet color changing face and the size
Very Lightweight,Has Speakerphone and Vibration features.
This is the best little phone you've ever seen or could ever want.
sweet little phone - wow how technology keeps improving!
Many Functions, speakerphone, easy to push buttons, large display, lightweight
Lightweight
sound quality good enough for me
Great games, great features
Menus are Easy to use
very good reception, easy to use, battery life is great
solid construction, good reception, decent battery life, lots of features for the $
looks sharp, has a pretty blue color
Small, lightweight, flip-phone style, lit display, lots of number storage.
Light, stylish, easy to use
Small & Compact, Sleek, Stylish, Functional & Practical (During its Life Span), Some Good Features
Good battery life, good reception, easy to use features
good reception and clarity
Size and style and battery life.
The reception is OK.
price and the look
flip phone clear screen good reception
GREAT RECEPTION, LIGHT AND FLASHY. THIS IS A VERY NICE PHONE, WITH GREAT FEATURES.
Small, great sound, terrific battery life, neat blue screen, charges fast, easy availability of accessories
Size, phone book, vibra call alert
Cute, Sleek, Versatile
Very compact, nice silver colour, large text screen.
Web Enabled, Msn, Great Graphics, Big Screen, One touch Key Guard, Durability. On and On
Compact, large screen, inexpensive
Small, tri-mode, very attractive.
long battery life, easy access to phone book and web, good sound
Loud Speaker, The Clear button is handy,
Direct Connect, Long Battery Life
Durable, tough, easy to use
Direct Connect
Speaker volume, &amp; Durability
Strong phone, good sound
Features, Functions, Clarity, Durability
screen, features?
Two-way, paging and cellular all in one.
too big to forget somewhere
Durablity,Features,Color,Everything!
direct connect, strength and durability
rugged
Low price, dual mode, good reception, 200 entry phone book, text messaging.
solid light good looking
solid construction, small size, ease of use
Small, lightweight, great reception, and usable features.  Changeable Faceplates!
Free after rebate, even for existing customers!
small, utilizes wonderful Nokia menu system
small size, good games, lots of rings, battery life w/standby.
Free (with mail-in rebate); good reception and sound quality; easy to use
good phone for a newbie to cell phones, easy to figure out.
Excellent price.  Free hands free earpiece.  Text messaging.  Internal antenna.  Decent reception.
Easy to use, cheap, good for newbies
Small, light, long battery life, good menu system
Fundamentally usable. Well spaced buttons.
easy to use, basic features, text messaging, free phone
I love the easy access and not hard to get things.
Very small, Free, includes head set.
Great Reception, Nokia quality, great battery, e-mail & aim capable
Good RF Performance.
Small, easy to use.
Good sound; small and easy to carry; good menu system
Good reception, decent price, record your own ringtones
Great color screen, short charging time, excellent sounds
Size, reception, audio quality are EXCELLENT.  Sure is blue!
Sound quality, lightweight, color screen
VERIFIABLE upgraded features; ring tone record, 2nd ring speaker
Adequate reception, good entry level phone
Cheap, Color Screen
Long battery life, dowloadable ring tones, graphics, themes and games, color screen
Improved reception
Great Battery Life.
Light Weight, Sleek, Good standby and talk time, quick charging, convenient navigation
It's small, lightweight and easy to carry. Good PDA funtions.
Nice Screen, good reception, good features
small, light, nice colour display
Huge LCD Display, Power and Features!
Simply amazing design, best text entry I've ever seen.
Internet Friendly
internet saavy, thin, great signal, large screen, can do more than you will ever use
large, clear LCD
stated elsewhere
Large Clear Screen. Can Share Address book with MS Outlook
Screen size
Quality text display
large screen, nice LCD &quot;indiglo&quot;, superior reception
nice capabilities
lg LED Screen Back lit. All in one degsin
Large screen, WAP/Net-enabled
large screen, auto-complete
Big screen. Notifies when e-mail arrives. Nice color!
Feature rich
Large screen size, web enabled
Internet, LARGE screen, clear reception
Big display, small phone, displays graphics, key pad easy to read.
Huge screen; 1 of only 2 internet phones supported by AT&T
Good clarity, easy to operate, lots of different options.
Clear display; large display
Easy to read, and more lines of text
large screen.
The latest technology.  Almost a mini computer.
Has much needed alarm and removable battery.
Personalize your ring tones. Small. Great sound when listening to the other party/caller.
Durable, Does all the basics well, decent service
Cheap and pretty
small, lightweight, compact, tough consruction, easy text entry
small, lightweight, compact, tough consruction, easy text entry
look & feel, durability, large color screen, polyphonic ring-tones, flash light.
Rugged, simple (no camera).
very durable,great features.
Color display, durability, Nokia reputation
Robust Design
Excellent reception.
Inexpensive, Reliable, Small, Attractive, Good Features, Good Battery Life
The phone is lightweight and fits into the palm of my hand
Long battery life, easy to use, tiny, and a nice blue light
Voice dialing, easy to use interface, lots of features
Many Features, Web Browser, Games, Speed Dial, Contact List
Small, lightweight, good battery life, decent reception, great price, high speed Internet access.
Light, easy to use, lots of features, games, and options. Great reception.
Good phone and features for the price.
Packed with features (esp. for the price), nice display, compact, reasonable price on options.
Blue Backlight
Many features, if you can get the phone to work in the 1st place.
Compact,great screen contrast,LOTS of features,good clarity,voice activated dialing
Lightweight, neon blue screen, long battery life, sturdy antenna
Fits a everyone's lifestyle in today's upbeat world
great reception, light weight & small. Easy to use.
Durable, inexpensive.
Lightweight, good battery life and reception.
Speed Dial is useful feature.
A breeze to use, logical navigation, attractive
Light, good-looking, games, and web-ready
Small sleek physique, easy to use menu, cool blue screen,(alarm clock,tip calculator, games)
size, battery life, blue screen
Small size, ease of use, attractiveness, ease of programming contacts, sufficient options, speed of recharge
Can make outgoing calls if you are lucky; looks ok
Nice display, good battery life, reception anywhere, cool voice dial,
Nice look and feel
Easy to use, good back light, sounds great!
Good battery life, easy to use, nice keypad.
compact, cute, long battery life, price.
Lightweight, Bright display, Lots of features and games, voice dialing.
Size & weight are ideal for the price. Easy to use and looks great, too!
Lightweight
Color, text messaging
Blue Indiglo Face, loud ringing tones, small
Inexpensive and worked great for a year
it took quite a few smashes to break the screen
Great phone deal-pretty phone. Overall-i'm very pleased. Verizon was great. I will stay with them.
Good-looking phone with nifty blue backlighting that is easy to read in the dark
Nice interface, Blue Back-Lighting, Nice price.
Cheap. Physical setup ok.
easy use
T9 predictive text, blue LED backlighting, cheap
Great features with easy to use Menu.  Battery lasts a long time on standby.
Great battery life, and compatibility with a lot of 3rd party accessories
Great phone!! No Problems!! Nice features!
GSM roaming works almost anywhere, single global phone number
Speaker phone, multi-line, and direct connect
worldwide phone number, GSM roaming "just works
Cheap and has lots of bells and whistles
International capability, great battery life if you aren't compulsive about talking a lot.
Reasonable size, great features, direct connect, "worldwide"
Weight, Style, and Worldwide Roaming
Worldwide roaming, good speakerphone
Sleek, stylish, not heavy, reasonably priced, sturdy, I haven't had trouble with it...
economic
Basic, simple to use phone
Small, Easy To Use.
Great phone book. Ringer can be loud
Good battery life, huge screen, lots of features and excellent stylus menu structure
Cheap, Integrated PDA, integrated speaker phone
Small, lightweight, many features
small phone, inexpensive
compact, easy user-interface, lightweight, active flip
Lightweight, clear connections, vibrating ringer, flip-open, battery life
small, compact design with handy belt clip and volume control
Clarity, Signal retention, Size
Light, small, keys covered, many options.
Great size,weight, fairly easy to use.
Great Product, small & compact, EXCELLENT voice quality & range (beats Nokia hands down). SMALL!
small and light, low price, easy to use
Compact,Easy to use,Vibrates and rings,caller ID,separate rings for family
Compact, flip front
Lightweight and small
it was free, it was durable
Compact size, great price, decent sized address book
Can make and receive calls usually without many problems.
small; nicely shaped; excellent interface; fantastic battery life; quality screen; very durable; awesome volume control
Small and light weight.
Price, size, ease of use.
sleek and lightweight, good ring volume
Cute, small, light weight, cool feautures.
Cheap
It is small and light.  Great at cutting off.
small; lightweight; decent screen
Small, easy navagation, easy volume control.
Stylish, but so are high heels.
Simple, no-frills, looks decent, buttons have a good feel, unlike almost all newer phones
Tiny, cute, lightweight, many features, great volume, access to the internet
It's small
Small, good battery life, sturdy and inexpensive.
Color Screen.
lightweight, easy to use
Excellent software design, Good reception, polyphony ringtones, GPRS
folder structure,large memory, user friendly, polyphonic, light, colour
great colour screen, polyphonic ringtones, games, keypad nice and big
Colour screen, great downloadable games available, downloadable graphics
MMS support, reliable, good wap browser, good battery, replaceable covers
Good, all you need
Amazing features and abilities
Relatively integrated palm/phone, not overbearingly large, affordable 1XRTT (finally).
Clam-shell design, good sound, good reception, good battery life
Seems like the ultimate solution
Well made, durable, seamless PDA and phone, LOADED with features. Outstanding design
It works! It's the future! It's here now!
Nearly perfect PDA/Phone, not a bad value either.
Fairly Decent converged PDA/Phone
Overall, it does everything, some things better then others
true PDA smartphone w/touch screen, expansion slot for SD cards, excellent reception
Combines PDA, e-mail and cell phone functions.
When it works, Palm and phone in one device. Don't recommend to a friend.
Great consolidation, fantastic features, MP3 player, SD card, very good phone, excellent beltclip, web access.
Awesome color display, stable Palm system, easy to use.  Reminds me of my old StarTac.
Great PDA/phone combination, easy to cary around
Solid construction.
Intended functionality.
The best compormise in existence for phone-centric people
Best phone/pda convergence device out there.  Good reception, nice battery life.  Full Palm functionality.
All in one.
Superb call clarity. Bright screen.
Feature rich as a business tool
Everything you want in a phone, pda and wireless information appliance
Combo Palm/phone, reasonably integrated--what could be better?
Solid comfortable case, nice screen and awesome features
Phone first, PDA second. Solid feel to phone. PDA is true to Palm
PDA and phone in a single device.  Works with Mac OS.
A great Idea
Excellent combination of phone/PDA functionality
The phone works in the US.  Other than that....?
The palm portion works great.
all in one
Everything in one nice package
Quality feel.  Great Features.  Screen quality.  Screen size is perfect.
Compact design, easy to use, lower cost than some PDA phones, belt clip
One device for PDA and phone.
Beautiful Bright Color Screen, Easy to use, Nice sturdy clam shell design.
small outside lcd display allows you to identify callers without opening the flip
What good is a palm, mp3 player if the phone won't work?
sturdy, great size, user friendly
Flip, reasonably small
Rugged, good display, great integration of phone and Palm PDA.
Palm is a good OS, just not on this product.
Great phone. Good PDA. Nice sizing.  Flip style.  Durable. Battery life OK.
Great integration between phone & pda
Neat GSM webphone with beautiful display
Sleek, Flip Phone, Outlook, Internet Explorer, Instant Messenger, Windows Media Player, All in One Device
Tons of Functionality, Great Display, Sleek Looks
Looks great, feels great, solid
Elegant looks, all the PDA features in one small phone
Attractive clamshell, external speaker
Call quality, Signal strength, outlook sync
Stylish. Nice display screen. Good applications
Seamlessly synchs with Microsoft Outlook. Large, easy to read display makes navigation a breeze.
Easy sync to outlook, contacts, etc.
everything about it after you upgrade
Cutting edge, reliable, efficient, & feature-rich
The best PDA/Phone Combo, but a
Great integration of PDA and Cell Phone.&#13;&#10;Wonderful color screen and graphics.&#13;&#10;
Great color display, lots of applications
Great Internet utility and email with a wide color screen, full function Keyboard. SPEAKER-PHONE!
Great style.Spacious keyboard. Beautiful screen.Hands-free phone without the use of a headset is good.
Office applications, Microsoft Outlook and Lotus Notes Synchronization, and Microsoft Office compatibility.
Great screen and keyboard; Advanced, easy-to-use applications
Great screen, nice keyboard, Symbian O/S, lots of memory and expansion possibilities.
Exceptional Features. Light Weight. Ultra-cool blue screen.  Nice games.
Backlight
Light, small, easy to read display, tons of features
Blue screen, battery life, address book...goes on and on
Blue screen and sailboat screensavers ? Yippeeee
Small, nice design. Clear display. Inexpensive.
Easy to read w/blue display, very compact, high speed data capable
Lightweight and compact, excellent battery life
Attractive, compact design.  Easy to see blue backlighting.
lightweight, great lighted screen, cool features
Easy to see blue screen, easy to navigate menus
Blue backlight screen and keyboard, built-in games,usefully built-in tools and good sound
Lighter-weight
Good user-interface; nice appearance; pocket-sized.
Small, cute faceplate and luminiscent backlight. Volume adjusts during calls.
fantastic phone for little money
small, calm blue backlight, excellent games.
None come to mind.
Blue Light (enough said)
lots of bells and whistles.
Blue lights, big memory, small phone.
None
3G CDMA - crisp LCD matrix - Lazer Blue LED's! buttons feel cool! Sleek
worked well for one year
size, features, blue light
Cheap, affordable, great customer service, no phone bill, downloads, goes off by itself
cheap
Cool screen, vibrate function
Excellent sound and signal qualitly, easy to use
Looks cool, nice display (when it's working), fairly easy to use
Blue lighting, good graphics when visible
free with AT&T Wireless Service, good clarity
Cute and affordable
Rock reliable, extendable antenna, inexpensive, good performance
Small, light and easy progamming
Simple operations make it easy to use.
Inexpensive, voice dialing, nice interface,
it was free
Low cost,excellent reception,voice activation,battery life,and bluetooth compatible.
nice features; easy to use
features, interface, battery life
Small, thin, great battery life, good overall design.
reliable, except for the proprietary charging plug
Cheap and has the walkie talkie feature
It's rugged, charges quickly, simple to operate, basic phone no unwanted bells and whistles.
Reliable; easy to dial calls; very good speakerphone; walkie-talkie capability
Small, durable, easy functions.
several features, cute, portable
Small Size, Lightweight, Good voice quality, Nice menus, Better than TP 1100
Lightweight and inexpensive
Small, light, easy to use.  No nonsense phone when you just want to call someone.
Compact, Lightweight, Flip phone, Not too complicated, Cheap
Small, lightweight, and it has a screen on the outside.
Small, inexpensive for its features.
This a very compact phone that fits your face beautifully.  Great features.
Light and Small, Durable, easy to use menu, cheap
It's pretty.
Durability(trust me-I have a 2 yr old), Clarity, portability, fast charging time.
Nice features, backlit, compact size, holds a charge.
Easy to use, good sound quality, long battery life, attractive and lightweight phone
get this phone free.  gets the job done.
Hmm well does not break when falls
Blue back lighting, reception and clarity, and the battery life.
Backlit blue screen, Ease of use, durability
None that I can think of
Phone, pager, 2way, internet, sms, email all in one. looks neat.
Affordable Versitile Connects when I need it and Works Great for Buisnesses
Direct Connect, Durable, Options can be added
HEAVY DUTY; JACK OF ALL TRADES; RELIABLE.
Durable, battery life, features
Direct connect, cheap plans.
Clarity, 2-way Function, Easy-to-Read LED Screen, Long Battery Life
Very dependable
Large Screen, Reception, Software
The absolute BEST of quality in all aspects.
Color display, many features, and quality sound
BIG color screen, cool games, inside looks cool
None worth mentioning.
Syncs with Outlook, decent navigation, size, weight
Selectable ring tones for different people
Worked well , while it worked.
It's a phone
Lite weight, color-screen
Has some cool syncing features with outlook.
SIM card, Lithium Ion battery, multiband, long battery life
customizable keys, battery life, appearance, IR sync with computer
Compact, decent buttons, infrared capabilities
Excellent reception and battery life
Multiband Digital Coverage, Lithium Ion Battery, Voicedial, Data Cable, programmable buttons, hold feature.
Light
It looks cute.
Dual digital network support, excellent battery life, lots of features.
Color of screen (amber is cool).
Multi Band (GSM /TDMA), great menu selections, infra red connectivity voice activation
Great sound quality and reception, cool-looking yellow backlite, lightweight, great battery life. $100 Rebate.
Size, Amber backlight, Reception, Clarity
Great reception, dual-band, good battery life.
UMMMM I can make and receive some phone calls, thats about it.
Comfortable design, amber backlight, good signal, great design for actually talking for extended periods.
Tri-band, lots of features, direct sync with MS Outlook, WAP, SMS enabled.
Small and portable, soft amber light is amazing.  Good battery life.
Remotely attractive.
Software allows easy sync from MS Outlook.
Tri mode capbilty so coverage is great, good quality phone
GSM 900/1900 GPRS & TDMA 850/1900 network aware
Clarity, Battery Life, Size!
None come to mind
Versatile and reliable communication with good audio
Works in US and Europe, great sound quality, durable
Color screen!!  Stylish, lightweight, compact, filled with neat features
BIG color screen, durabilty, sleek, light, flip, external display
pretty colors
A durable flip phone that resembles the Samsung 8500.
small, nice color screen
Big color screen, decent battery life, cool look.
Color Screen, Cool Style, Data Link can be used as a portable modem for  laptops.
Cute, stylish, very good reception, feature rich
Good reception, relatively cheap, won't break and Verizon has a huge coverage area.
Sleek design, light-weight, clarity, great colors, external caller ID
Call Quality, lots of features including a Planner, Durable, E911, built-in answering machine
Web access, large screen, external caller ID
Reliable, durable phone with no wasted frills.  Long battery life.
Small, cool silver color, external display, awesome blue backlight
Cute, fits easily into pants pockets, makes you look and feel cool. That's about it.
Virtually everything, except...
Good reception, sound quality
color screens, individual ringtones, several #'s per entry
whisper mode feature, caller id in flip with customizable colors
Pretty, Cool, Easy to Hold, Clear Calls, Verizon, Feature Rich, Large Button, Calendar, Much More
Alarm, calendar, voice-dial, light-weight, color changing front, and front display caller ID.
Extremely portable, External color LCD light, Good reception, Daily planner
Size,Functions,Wireless Modem!
Size, clarity, display, shows time when closed
Nice backlight, color external Caller ID
Fun at first, looks nice, polyphonic ring tones a plus
Phone lasted for 20 months without problem.
Stylish design, small size, bright display, clear signal.
Nice screen and keyboard
Easy to use and extremely affordable.
Huge phone book.
Easy to use, good sound, nice compression feature.
Good Reception, Very Durable, Blue Lighted Screen and Number Pad.
uhhh the aligator display is cute?
permantly stuck in downloading mode and cant be fixed
There are no pros!!
haven't had the phone long enough to come up with pros
The bright colors.
Modern featurs, sleek look
Cheap
none
easy menu options, hard to break, and good text-messaging unit
Small, lightweight, voice dialing.
Great-looking; small/compact; light; doesn't heat up.
Large font and buttons for limited vision users.
Small
Pretty small, battery ok; great with extended battery.  Multiple phone numbers for each phonebook entry.
It is user friendly, nice colors
Size
nice display, feels great in hand, intuitive buttons
Relatively small and compact.
sleek style small size easy to use
Works good as modem
comes in a nice box, breaks into pretty pieces when smashed
small. Big buttons. Bright screen. 500 name address book. Internet ready. GPS emergency location feature.
Great battery life, looks cool, customizable, internet-ready
Flip phone, colour screen, camera
Voice dial, stylish appearance, personalized ringtones
Color screen, camera attachment, weight, features, voice dial, Fast GPRS data transfer, memo recorder
Nice form factor, big color screen
Excellent screen, backlit buttons, voice tag feature.
good screen, easy to figure out, good sized keys
Great colour screen that can be seen in daylight.
Nice color screen.  Easy menu. Good size. Nice backlight.
Color screen, digital camera, downloadable ringers
Color Screen, Battery Life!, Brightness, Easy Navagation, Caller ID display on the outside!
Easy to use, sleek look
Great signal strength
Looks cool, great sound quality, nice menu system.
Nice screen. Small size.
Reception, battery life
Compact, easy ear positioning, nice features, fast charge
Clear sound, sturdy, speaker phone
Great battery life, speaker, very rugged
Great battery life, the best signal strength, Very durable if dropped.
Inexpensive, personalized rings, lots of capabilities for this price, battery life.
Joy stick control, voice dailing, good customer service
small enough to fit in pocket or purse, good reception, decent battery life
Lots of nice features.
Easy to navigate, attractive,large screen, very bright
Nice, sleek design, fits in the palm of your hand, ergonomically designed, plus cool features...
Small, modern looking, loaded with extras but still low in price.
Nice design-easy to hold
Ease of Use, Joy Stick Control, T9 Predictive Text
Sleek looking
Looks kind of cool
Size,Durability, Looks, Technology
Lightweight, Walkie-Talkie Feature, Clear Sound.
PRICE, STORAGE, Internet, Call List
Cheap entry phone,Joystick control
Navigation stick, Price
indestructable, 3 way calling, loud ringer, comes with belt clip
Its a cell phone at least
Web browser, Instant Messaging (AIM and Yahoo)
Service is great in certain areas
Small size, external LCD, nice design, voice dialing, cool features
Small size, features and options
small, voice dial, exterior ID screen, easy menu screens
ring tones, durability, size, price
Smallish Size, Great Spec, Cheap
Small, quality feel, reliable, WAP.
ring tones, durability, size, price
associates fax, phone, mobile, email number under one name
large screen, optimal SMS client, standard-compliant web browser, rugged casing
It does have some pretty cool games ;-)
Web-enabled, short message service enabled, good voice quality, low price
400 Phone # spots, Internet browsing, thinner than Nokia 5160.
Easy to read display.  Web-Enabled.  2-way SMS text messaging.  Tri-Mode TDMA.
Better than sending smoke signals.&#13;&#10;Battery has decent life, good sound quality.
Nice size, easy-to-understand buttons, long-lasting battery, good features, free with rebate
WAP web browsing capabilities
cheapest phone offered by cingular
Wireless Web (basic web is completely free!).  Great size and battery Life.
Price was right, decent size, free hands-free earpiece.
Some cool features--CDPD, programmable ringtones, etc.
Wireless internet at your fingertips, clarity, features
Good battery life, browser, low cost accessories, good feature set
Durable and easy to use
Lots of useful features
Tremendous features, cheap accessories
Clear Signal, WAP enabled, phonebook size, size
Web accessable
Portable, nice in service range
Well actually I have found none!!
This is the absolute worst phone or phones I ever owned
This phone is great! Very easy to use, very durable.
Great service, good battery life
Outstanding Battery Life, So Simple To Use My Dog Could Make Calls!E-Mail In My Palm!
Large screen, HUGE amounts of memory.  Ability to use 5100,6100 accessories.
Great display, great contact management software
Nice menus, big screen, Navi-roller is convenient/fast, long-battery life
Great technical specifications.
Tri-Band Coverage
small and cheap
Great technical specifications.
Tri-Band Coverage
small and cheap
color screen, address book, perfect size,, crisp display, easy to use, flip styling
It's cute, stylish and trendy
Screen, Speakerphone, PCS Vision-Enabled, Joystick
Bright screen, lots of features
Color screen, PCS Vision capable, polyphonic ringer, speakerphone, flip style.
COLOR SCREEN! Unconventional and cool flip style.  Versatility. PCS Vision enabled. Speakerphone.
Comfort, features, does not heat up
Awesome screen, form factor.
It has a color lcd,great extras like airplane mode and organizer.
Looks great, clear speakerphone, color LCD, and reliable reception and battery
Lots of neat features very flashy and pretty.
looks good, has speakerphone, decent music quality
Color screen.  Speaker phone.
Great styling, attractive interface, speakerphone capability, voice quality, ease of use.
Flip style stops your ear from getting red, speakerphone, small size.
Wireless data modem, bright clear display, nice loud ringers
good size, well laid out controls
Good call clarity, nice speaker phone, and  good ergonomics.
polyphonic sounds, size
Compact size, Color screen, Speaker phone, Easy learning curve
Color display, blue backlit keys...
Color screen, wireless web
Clear Speaker Phone, PCS Vision Capable, Color Screen, Blue Backlit Keys, Nice Keypad Layout
compact & functional
Color screen,speaker phone,camera capability,and the web.
Nice look, good sound quality, reliable.
Colorful Screen
Speaker phone is nice.
1.Back Lite 2.Speaker phone 3. Games for the kids .Pictures
Small and thin, color screen, higher speed web, feature-rich
the only pro I can come up with is that the color screen is pretty
NONE
Absolutely Everything!!!!  It's a terrific phone!!
Size- works well (for awhile)
Color screen, small size, phone book
Looks good on the outside
2 for 50 bucks. do I need say more?
Speakerphone
thin, light, color, web, email, GPS, flip phone
not many pros here
Big color display, flip phone
good  price  durable  and  ergonomic.
Web capability, Games, Shortmail
Looks Good but that's about it.
Too few to mention
Radio, stylish professional looking, good reception, blue backlight, small and light
Gorgeous, tiny, reliable
It was free from VoiceStream as long as I signed a 1 year contract.
inexpensive (if not free), durable, all the standard features
Good battery life and large screen.
I can talk clear, calls do not fade
Small, Good Signal
Small, compact, light
Simultaneous Alarm Clock, text friendly, handy, all weather proof etc.
Size, construction, feature set.
Stylish, Lightweight, small, nice layout
Small Size, Flip-Open, Screen on Front
Dual LCD displays, compact design, lightweight & portable, sexy looking
Small, thin,great screen clarity and lighting, sexy
Stylish, lots of functions on the external display, light, small
Sleek, Easy to use, Clear blue backlight, and a variety of other features
Size, Weight, Style, Blue lights, very very slick
Small, light, well-built, nice menus and backlight.
Slim, light, adequate features
Stylish, effective, light and portable
Nice design, features, good reception
Small size, lightweight, easy to read screen
Good looking, sturdy, easy to navigate.
Lightweight, easy interface, small
Small,compact
Easy to carry and protective from scratches
Size
design, compatability (size), external lcd, polyphonic ringers
Size, weight, polyphonic ringtones
Small (for the US), sleek, one good game, intuitive to use.
Good reception, nice price, very easy to use
Beautiful blue back light.  Compact and offers a large display screen.
small, two LCDs, Voice active,light, stylish, lots of features, polyphonic sound, clear
Compact, nice screen, external caller ID window screen.
Looks great, very light weight and stylish. External LCD
Small size, external LCD
Looks great. Very small & light-weight. Lots of features. External display.
External Caller ID, Polyphonic Ringers, Customizable Ringers and backgrounds, Charging Time, Vibrate Alert
Small size, dual displays, great looks
Small, lightweight, Slim, great looking, cool blue illumination.
sleek, fits in pocket easily, external window, MIDI ringers
beautiful; small & light-weight; backlighting; three alarms settable; rings (if you're into them)
Compact and stylish.
Small, lightweight, lots of features, customizable rings and images
Blue backlighting, outer LCD, large active inner screen, Cheap (~$99 currently)
small design
Small, lightweight, blue screen rocks, sound quality, outside display, features
small, cool games , cool blue light, and its really lite
Signal Strength LCD Size Style
Stylish looking and sleek
Cheap, small, good placement of buttons
Battery doesn't drain instantly
Light Weight;slim design;Dual LCD Displays a plus;backlighting
Small size, attractive design, lightweight
easy to use, nice ring tones, priority ringing, small, clear.
External LCD, Looks great
The pro part is I got rid of this stupid phone!
Nice size and very compact.
good looking,sexy, attracts attention, flashy
The phone is slim, compact and sleek.
Compact, easy to navigate. Voice dial helps in the car.
lightweight, screen on front cover
Sleek body, huge LCD screen, okay battery life
Slim feature and good looking.
good design/menus/buttons
Ring Tones, Compact, Acceptable Clarity, menu's are user friendly
Otherwise, a decent phone.
Nice loud ring options , convenient send to mailbox side buttons
Small size, easy to use, inexpensive
Pretty phone and graphics
Nice size
Small, light, custom lights.
tiny, simple, sleek
Aesthetically pleasing.
GREAT signal reception, small & sleek, cool polyphonic ringtones, simple to use
Very small, great rings, nice blue light
Cute, Speed Dial, Super Speed Dial
Color screen, small size, "cool factor," features, etc...
Aesthetics, Gadgets
Lightweight, appearance, call quality
awesome features, color screen, lots of extras, great reception
Feature Rich, Color Screen, Motorola Reputation, E911 GPS
Nice, big, color screen...
Nice color screen, E911
great feature set, perfect size/weight, brilliant color display
Great voice quality, color screen, excellent reception, full of features.
Great features set, excellent sound quality, good battery life
Great Sound!  Cool color screen.  Can be used as a flashlight.  Many Features.
Simplicity
Color, Super Cool, small, decent battery life
Dual display, good looks, sharp screen, easy to use menus, polyphonic ringer
Its light, Its bright, and fun!
Small, lightweight, wonderful resolution and color, full of features and options.
Lightweight, small, color display, lots of gimmicks, games
Nice crisp color screen, integrated datebook that works.
color screen, BREW
Superior battery life, good sound quality, colorful and easy to read display
Great signal in NYC area, crisp and clear sound, great color screen
Size, Features, Color Screen, Ease of Use, Speaker, Embedded Ringtones...
Nice color screen, Get It Now, very light, ring tones, sleek
size, easy to use, good screen
Good for basic calling functions.
Color screen, light weight, polyphonic ring, downloadable software, good signal retention
COLOR!!!  Cool games and ring tones.
Compact, Lightweight, great features.
Cool looks and screen, lots of features
Voice quality, Get-It-Now games & tools, sharp looks.
Active Color
Color screen, easy interface, great voice dialing
Compact; secured antenna; exterior display; features and setup options galore; very good reception/no dropped calls
Large colour display, predictitative text messaging
Excellent Color Screen, Polyphonic Ringtones, Verizon's "Get It Now" service, Personal Information Mangager
Looks very nice, bright color screen, generally easy to navigate
Nice features, excellent readability.
Size, ease of use, secure holster, loud rings
Attractive styling, many features, customizable ring tones
very small, light weight, clear send and receive, loud ringer
color scree, polymorphic ringtones, wide selection of games, small size, good call quality, web browser
sound, ring tones, voice activated dialing, light, solid, big display
Color, polyphonic ringtones, downloadable applications.
Color display, web-enabled, voice-dialing.
Sleek look, color display, external display window, flip design
Color screen, brew apps, nice features.
Small, light flip phone with color LCD, polyphonic ringtones
A very attractive phone, bright, beautiful color display, a fun phone
Size, weight, adjustable display, ease of holster use, 3G enabled.
Color screen, features(does nearly everything), durability.
Good sound quality.  Great display.  All around good phone.
Light weight, Great Sound, Dual LCD screen, 2 way text msgs.
Ease of use, user friendly, light weight.
Flashy design, lots of options. Excellent reception.
Stylish, Full featured, Intuitive, Customisable
Feature set, customizable menus, etc
color screen, weight, ease of use, reliability
Excellent phone for the price. Lots of features I've never had before.
Color Display, GSM, Games, Internet, Ringtone Composer, Gadgets and Gizmos Galore
You can play games. Not much else
Excellent screen, functionality, reception.
sound quality, ringer volume, color screen, durability
Ergonomics, design, size
Good phone book, and customization.
Size, shape, organizer, tech-support, Verizon service.
Excellent features, great screen, good menu setup
Size, Color, Flip-compact design
Large color screen; polyphonic ring tones; TETRIS!!
voice activated dialing, downloadable rings
Color screen, nice features, loud ring, GPS device, Get It Now
It does it all, throw away your PDA.
I like the color screen and overall appearance of the phone.
wide  enough  to  drive and  make  calls
Easy to use, nice display, great sound, excellent features
color screen, great reception, small and compact
Nice color screen, changeable faceplates, flip design, camera attachment
flip phone, color, fun games, nice selection of ring tones
The cell phone has reception most of the time.
compact and stylish, nice color screen, lots of bells and whistles,very easy to use
Numerous features, color screen, light
Size.  Portability.
Small, Colorful, Good Reception
nice color screen, good range of ring tones that are not annoying
Small Size, Color Screen, Light Weight, Great Features
Color screen, MOTO features
Great size and great display.
color screen, external display, calendar
very sleek size, color, tons of extras
cool looking, many ring styles, color screen
Fits head well. Flip Phone
Easy to use, features, downloads
Cool looking, great color, nice features
Color screen, High speed system, looks, ease of use, lots of features, durability
Color screen; caller id with ringtones; outside caller id; get-it-now; voice recognition
color and contrast is amazing, Light weight like all motorolas, simple to use
thinking hard...
color screen
Great features, ease of use, nice lighting,etc
3G, Color screen, Get It Now
plays video games, great flashlight
Fast voice recognition dialing
awesome accesories, lots of features
lightweight, color display, clarity, voice dialing
Color screen, very sleek looking, many ringtones
Nice size, great screen, high quality ring tones, lots of features.
color screen
*color Screen
Beautiful color screen, compact, voice activated calling
Small, light, caller ID, big buttons, color screen, polyphonic ring tones.
Functions,style
New Look, color screen, and internet ready
It is stylish and sleek and internally, it has a color screen!
Tons of options, ease of use, voice clarity and quality, cool screen, memory, storage capability
Small size, nice big screen, capacity to hold many numbers.
A beautiful, feature loaded phone that is fun to use and easy to handle.
color screen
Nice keypad. Great size.
Style,Weight,Features,Reception
large color screen, decent battery, looks nice, cheap
Color screen, small size, Get-It-Now.
Light, sleek design, color screen, status light, external caller ID
Nice display
compact,color screen, lots of ringtones, download ringer from phone
Looks great, plus it's not too costly!
Works nicely
Great reception and clear sound
Small easy to use.  The color screen is great also.
I learned to never buy another Motorola phone!
"Why don't u try out they phone hmmmm??"
Nice color screen.  Extendable antenna.  Thought actual calls sounded better than LGs.
Stylish, Compact
Great reception , high quality of sound, calendar, reliability, tough.
None
Looks; LCD; flip-phone; calendar; phonebook; voicedial
It folds in half
awesome display, loud ring tones
Small, light and slick
Very colorful and pretty.
Color screen, analog roaming
Lightweight, color screen, flip top screen, looks cool
Good reception
Solid, sturdy phone.  Clarity of in call sound.  Battery life.
This phone is fragile and tends toward software glitches and failures.
lots of features
Great features,easy to use,light weight,nice design,exterior caller id
Compact,nice color display, durable.
Reception is amazing. Stylish. Color screen.
Big screen
Color screen, Features, voice dialing, Polyphonic ring tones.
Nice screen, intuitive menu navigation.
Small size, nice display, ergonomic, nice display on outside of clamshell, large& easily accessably keypad
Color screen and graphics; flip phone; small and sleek; changeable outer body.
easy navigation  color display external display ,size
Small, easy to carry, GREAT screen
About the only advantage is it's small size.
Sleek, Cool options
Nice looking design.  Comfortable to hold.  Nice interface.
Open with one hand, big display, ringers
Good graphics, loud enough, game
AFFORDABLE, SLEEK
Nice flip cover, light weight,
QWERTY keyboard, easy access to SMS, email, WAP (internet), speaker phone is fantastic
Great sound quality, large, easy-to-read display, works on all networks, voice activation, web compatible
Great list of built-in games, easy to use configuration.
Lightweight, superb audio transmission and reception.  Holds plenty of data.
It supports GPRS, GSM, TDMA, and analog. It has voice dialing and built in vibration.
great coverage, big clear screen, durable
Great signal strength in rural areas, nice display, able to put pics on phone
Nice sizer, good battery life
Loads of features.
style, weight, appearance
Attractive, small, lightweight
Size, GSM, usage profiles
Great Games & Extras
Cute Design
good menu, nice display, attractive
Reliability,quality,reception,battery life and very user friendly.
price effective, voice dialing feature
Screen is easy to read.
Cool Shape, Works on almost all networks, bluetooth.
Price
Multi-band and multi-mode phone
It's cheap.
Very Durable, Text Messenging, Nice interface, Office tools, Reception.
Easy graphic interface, comes with a vibrating battery, loud voice volume
Tri-mode, SMS, 200 contact list
Free, clear, vibrate mode, lots of different rings
Easy to use
QWERT keyboard, fits like a pager, many options and voice control commnads
GPRS, 3min Voice Recorder, Lion Battery, T9
Good emergency phone
Good for... NOTHING!
Looks like a cool phone (though in fact it's not!)
Great sound...great usability...great battery
Compact
Cute little phone.  Easy to use.
good sound quality for local calls, many features
Small size, light weight, low price, pocketable
Small, light, no external antenna!, internet access

Small, Light weight, easy to navigate, clear voice, excellent reception
White light background.  Small, light,
design, size, weight, features, display
Small, light, sexy
Very bright backlight, very stylish
Looks cute, low weight.
Small size, lightweight
Cool design, lightweight, lots of features
Cheap(er), "cute", small size, low weight.
Small, Lightweight, Polyphonic Rings, Durable
Voice activated dialing.
Great sound quality, Long Battery Life, Compact design, light.
Small, Nice looking, Free
Easy Menu Setup, GPRS enabled, Easy to Customize
battery life, reception, size, gprs data, screen, usb connection
Small, sleek style, polyphonic ring tones
Blue bg color, nice compact size.
whitish blue backlight color, animated menus, clear sound, cheep price, pretty light, etc.
Inexpensive (free!), bright backlight, compact size
Small (if that's what you want), games, and looks good.
Good reception
Light weight, easy to handle, low cost
Ringtones; Pictures; Wallpaper; Screen Savers; Covers;
Small, fits in my pocket
Light, no external antenna
It's very stylish and the ring tones are cool.
Looks neat, Polyphonic Ring Tones
Small, features, price, ok reception
fashionable,cute,beautiful ring
light, portable
internal antenna, free with plan
Small, Polyphonic Speaker, Price is great, Caller ID Pictures, Screen Savers, Games are great.
cute
Nice features
decent reception
This is a great cell phone. Contains lots of good and new features.
It fits into the cell pocket on my backpack.
Good balance, feels good in the hand. Nice scrolling.
It's free.
Small, cute.
Small, cute, and has a lot of crap you wont use.
Features, looks, I really love the phone.
Small, pocketable.
Calendar, large phone book capacity (400), small size, rubber side grips, etc.
Small size, no antenna, good features
It's generally free!  Okay sound quality.
a few cool screen savers, that's all!
Free.  That's it.
It was free.
Cheap, cool ring tones
none
Decent Reception, Size
Intuitive menus and phone book, good battery life, cool timers.
Durable, easy to use, phone book
compact, easy access voicemail, long battery life
changeable covers, cool look, very durable, great sound quality
It looked nice, and Speakerphone should be on more phones.
Keypad layout, basic features
Relatively cheap
Reliable. Clear reception. Voice dial. Speakerphone. Looks good. Autocomplete for finding address book entries.
Good speaker volume.
Nice, easy-to-use features, including speaker phone and voice recognition.
Many features, nice design, easy to use, good sound quality
cheap
durability and reception
Many features without overkill, easy to use, quite reliable
inexpensive, aesthetically pleasing, has the features of more expensive phones
solid, 'non-flip,' loud speakerphone, loud ringer, simple design/menu system, excellent basic features
Great quality no-nonsense phone.
Small, ergonomic design. Loads of features. Great performance. Free!
Available at no cost through many plans.
Affordable - Easy to use &#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
Free, Seems to have lots of features, if you can get them to work.
Cellular Phone Use Only
Great value; excellent design, features, size; ease of use; performance
The display  screen,ringer tones,style,performance and price.
CHEAP!! And its a cell phone
Full featured, easy to use, good battery life, free!
Color screen, good battery life, polyphonic ring tones, camera included
Bright color screen, MMS, polyphonic tones, decent size & weight
Nice lines, color screen, camera attachment, cool ringers, infrared port
color screen, IR port, polygraphic ring tones, cheap pricetag
Light, inexpensieve, recurrent alarm feature, WAP
Best Value Color Phone, Real Song Ringer, Highly Customizable
Sleek, Small, Color, Light, Polyphonic Rings, Games
Small, Navigation is good, features are good for price
Color screen, you can assign photos to caller ID
It is inexpensive, compact, and in color!
Great features for price
Great features at low price.
Can be used worldwide, inexpensive camera phone
Email photos. Nicely organized contacts. Small.
Pretty displays, SIM Card, Polyphonic ringtones
mmmm...is that a trick question? I guess the SIM concept is OK.
Great protected screen, intuitive menus, great composer and games.
currently free (with activation) from T-mobile; includes camera attachment
Size, weight, portability, clarity, overall appearance
Standby/Talk time,256 color, interchangeable face plates,size, musical tone,camera,SIM card.
Wonderful design, great features, cool camera. AMAZING!
Color screen, camera option, recurring alarm
Cool Games, Decent Rigtones, Color Screen
Camera, color display, excellent ring tones.
Compact, lightweight, easy to use, charge life is good.
Color screen, polyphonic ringer, camera attachment
Light weight.
there are no pros, except that well its a well built phone survived every drop!!!
Good looks, Lightweight, Joystick, Color screen
small,works anywhere outside US, comes free with the plan
Small, colour screen, digital camera, infra-red port, games etc.
really light, covers all three GSM Modes eGSM 900/1800/1900,MMS,Blue Tooth Capable,polyphonic ring signals
Appearance, Features, Accessories
nice screen colors, cool games.
Good price for color phone. Take photo with camera attached .
durable, color screen, cheap, functional, good battery life, durable
Small, lightweight, easy to read color display, decent battery life, easy to operate
Infra-red, easy menus, batter-life, games
Price, color screen
Great display and fun features
Light, Color display, Polyphonic ringtones, thin, fast, good background lighting, and good for customizing.
There is always a network problem.
Has a camera
pretty screen with colors and looks attractive good battery life
i love the menu's in part but it is no match to Nokia or Siemens.
Small and easy to carry.
Nicely styled exterior, bright, colour screen, small size
You can download pictures from the internet. Plus the ringtones are ok.
The Perfect phone
Compact and Stylish
Sexy, stylish and small
Small size and compactness, ease of use, IRDA connectivity
cute, dual screen, good signal.
Twin screen, small & very stylish
It looks ....OK.
Looks nice, small enough to fit in a slim handbag, great graphics.
Looks great, stylish.
stylish
Twin screen, small
Flip phone, external caller ID, calendar, color screen, size, internet capability
Solid, nice display, good sound, doesn't feel flimsy.
Inexpensive with a plan, small form factor.
good display, sleek, light weight, good reception,
flip-phone, external caller ID, GSM America
External caller ID, flip phone, loud ringer!
looks good ( thats it !!)
Inexpensive, good reception, compact and light, nice looking, ringtones
Small, flip phone, 1-line screen on outside
Size.
Stylish, sturdy, light, good features.
Umm. It rings. Pathetic FM radio requiring headphones.
design
Styling, comfort, talk time (when you can stay connected)
nice design, comfortable, built-in radio, wireless internet
Relatively inexpensive, good battery life, lightweight, looks good, has a radio.
Great design, FM radio, "PhoneWrap" compatible, good signal strength, cheap price.
FM Radio built in, included headset and belt clip
cool shape, radio, different face plates, multiple ring tones
egronomic shape, inexpensive, loud ringer, several accessories included, fm tuner, minibrowser
Nice curvy design, wide selection of hard and rubber covers, durable
Relatively inexpensive, good battery life, lightweight, looks good, has a radio.
Cool look, lite, ring tones are loud!
It works!
Cool overall
lightweight, looks nice, changeable rubber and plastic faces...
Nice design, radio function
Inexpensive, looks good, simple to use
Solid built, Radio, SMS and more....
still searching...
Compact, tons of features, seems to alwasy find a signal
Audio clarity is alright; very light and compact.
Compact and easy to use.
Excellent reception,reliability,battery life,nice style.
EVERYTHING
elegant design, compact, excellect battery life, good reception
Easy to get connected, No credit needed
No monthly contracts
Cheap, good coverage, voicemail included
No contract, no monthly fees.  Rollover minutes.  Great starter deal.
No credit checks, No monthly bills, nice Nokia 5165 phone.
Good for people with credit problems
Cheap service
None
Tri-band, bluetooth, color screen, great battery life.
Color screen, outstanding battery life, lightweight, low profile
Great connectivity, easy to sync contacts, great signal strength (AT&T Carrier, GSM), great aesthetics!
small, batt. life., gizmos......
One integrated Device, distinctive layout.
Phone, MP3, FM radio in one&#13;&#10;QUERTY keyboard&#13;&#10;Can serve as 60MB USB drive
MP3, Radio, Accessories, QWERTY keyboard, no antenna
Plays music, qwerty keyboard, can use to transfer files, comes with case and headset.
A real "convergence device"&#13;&#10;Acts as portable hard disk
Easy SMSing and design.
Small size, powerful battery, voice active dialing
It fits in my pocket.
Sleek, compact, highly functional.  Good battery life, reception.  Sound acceptable most of the time.
Small, stores lots of numbers, wireless Internet capable.
Small, light, handsome, good reception and battery life.
Features,size,very loud ring
Voice Dial, Good Battery Life
Small. Stylish. Nice little extras
Small,lots of features
Small size, stylish, lots of features for the price
Compact size and weight, good reception, stylish looks.
Great reception
small, compact, good backlighting
Small, Cute, Good lighting, Interesting interface.
Small, Battery Life
Small, Stylish, Great Sound Quality
Attractive, Good reception, decent battery life
small
Stylish,compact,lightweight
It was free.
Small, nice looking, nice ring tones
Voice Dialing, Size, WAP Browser, Sim Card
Compact size, fits easily in the pocket and loud ring.
WAP browser, small, polyphonics
Great style & design for an older phone.
Minimal, Bluetooth, GPRS, WAP
Nice size easy to hold. Easy to read display
Easy to use, lightweight
Good looks, Very light.
Small, cute tv screen, I got money back after rebate, custom features
Looks cool, Color screen, Battery Life, Clam Shell Design, World Time
cute design, downloadable ringers and wallpaper
thin, light weight, color screen, speaker phone
Great color screen, and speaker phone.
Cool looking
Great screen, good features, sharp design. Tons of customizability.
Big color screen, size, flip phone, speaker feature, and color pad.
Color Screen, Internet, speaker phone
Sprint Service
sometimes makes calls
The clock is always right. When the display isn't showing "LOOKING FOR SERVICE"
World phone / Bluetooth / large phone book / data (WAP). Iconic Design!
Small, cute tv screen, I got money back after rebate, custom features
Looks cool, Color screen, Battery Life, Clam Shell Design, World Time
cute design, downloadable ringers and wallpaper
thin, light weight, color screen, speaker phone
Great color screen, and speaker phone.
Cool looking
Great screen, good features, sharp design. Tons of customizability.
Big color screen, size, flip phone, speaker feature, and color pad.
Color Screen, Internet, speaker phone
Sprint Service
sometimes makes calls
The clock is always right. When the display isn't showing "LOOKING FOR SERVICE"
World phone / Bluetooth / large phone book / data (WAP). Iconic Design!
Ease of Use, Lightweight
Long Battery Life; Durable; Easy to operate (no flip open to dial or talk)
stylish
Nice looking and long battery life
This phone is extremely easy to use and has great sound quality.
Battery life is outstanding
It started the technology to give us the 6340I, battery life
Great Technology, awesome idea, has everything in a phone that I want.
Electronics are very good.
Internal antenna, multi-network function
lightweight, great battery performance, great reception, looks nice
small and lightweight
All the options of an expensive cell phone may offer
Well organized  buttons  places,good signal good sound. big screen and easy to read
Very easy to use. Light weight. Keys are covered.
Beautiful design... rugged... choc-ful-of features...
Easy to Use, Good Calender and Alarm functions, Durable, Sleek, Overall Great Value
Small and free!
Inexpensive, sturdy
Cheap. Nice physical design and very solid construction.
Small, Attractive and Stylish
It's cute compact design. Ringtones are okay.
It was FREE, (only reason I got it)
Looks very good with its compact size and cute design
Small, free
Small and sleek
ITs Free
Small, Lightweight, Free
Small, Comes with A/C Adapter
durable, small, free
small, practical features like reminders, internet, extense memory, voice dialing, conference.
Free, looks cool, alot of features
Affordable
works, not for a long time
fits in your pocket,has a loud ringer and ear piece
You are able to talk to people!!!
Small, cute, internet access, i-tap
Lightweight, simple to use, cute looking, basic internet access
Small screen, short battery life
Good Software feature
Full feature/function packed phone
see op
none
good voice quality, easy to use, nice features
pretty display, nice colors, cheap
Lightweight, buttons easy for big fingers, clear and readable screen, many accessories/interchangeable parts available.
great sound, gets good signal (compared to other phones in the same geographic area), voicenotes
Phone book, small size
works well with an inexpensive Plantronics headset (M110)
Fancy looking phone, easy to use, very durable..even when dropped, good reception, lots of features
OK reception, nice ringtone quality, small and light
Large phonebook, alarm
Comfortable to wear, loud ringer, interchangable covers.
There are no pros worth putting up with this phone for.
Great reception, Durable, slim, customizable
Good looking phone, trimode
Nice looking, bells and whistles.
Phone has been dropped several times and it still works (in a leather case).
Color screen, ringtones
decent display, good ringtones, good price
Small size, digital and analog capable.
Joystick Control, Lightweight, Bright backlight
Cheap, ergonomic shape, menu easy to navigate, good selection of graphics and ringtones-very personalizable
Tons of functions, small, strong vibrate function
display, loud ringer, size, joystick, and easy menu search
None.
Cheap
Small, Durable, Inexpensive, Effective
Very stylish.  Attractive color screen and lots of features.  Very useful speaker function.
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
A decent phone with some unique features!
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Beautiful screen.
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Neat camera and video.
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Easy to use feature loaded.
can pull in a signal where others can't.
camera phone & it was free,
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
Great signal, durable, compact
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Good reception, bluetooth.
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Many features.
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
Large screen, clear reception
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
See Review Above
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Good battery life
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
Great clarity, tons of options, Internet/email capable.
Keyboard, IM, GPS, camera, perfect for texters!
Good mobile internet access, usable keyboard, bluetooth
Large interior screen, size, QWERTY keyboard
my favorite feature is the MP3 player.
Big screen, QWERTY keyboard, Multimedia capabilities
Features, keyboard, price,
Lots of features, hours of fun
EXCELLENT signal reception and clear calls.  Good build quality.  Convenient design. Full featured. Battery life.
Clean Design, Excellent Display(s), Functional Keyboard, Everyone thinks it neat.
Great keyboard, internal screen, signal, camera/video, internet capability. Excellent voice call. Good PDA.
Great for texting, if you're into that
Dual Number Pads, Speakerphone, mini keyboard
Wirless internet (3G), text messaging, and a camera.
QWERTY keyboard, Easy instant and text messaging, good speakers,and good camera
Besides being the best phone, it also is a great MP3 player, texting, etc.
Battery life, screen resolution, speakerphone
Everything
Nice looking with useful features
Small size, light weight, clear reception.
Compact, good screen resolution
Nice appearance
Excellent signal and reception, screen is sharp, polyphonic ringtones, easy-to-use voice dialing, great battery life.
Nothing really amazing here
Good battery life, good service, voice dialing, love the original faceplate and the color screen
All cellular phone companies claim that Motorola has the best reception.  Lots of frills
Nothing spectacular - just another phone
reception durability
Basic mobile phone features.  The phone was free from Sprint.
Three-way calling, vibrating mode, free calls after 7:00 p.m. and on weekends
Clear, great reception, cute ringtones, GPS capabilities.
Great sound quality, long battery life, inexpensive.
?
Bluetooth Wireless Capability; Sleek, Durable Design
Durable and capable. Camera, bluetooth, games. Upload or download your own sounds, images and videos.
when it charges I loved the phone and its options
to me, none.
Really slick design, terrific display, bluetooth, no disabled features
Looks cool, some useful functions, good battery life
Compact, camera (still&video), decent battery life
Slim, stylish, and just a great looking phone
Great reception, better camera, good looks, Bluetooth
Great design
Great design, easy to hold, great screen, great reception
Slick looking.  Easy video & camera features.
-Thin, light body- very stylish
Call quality, ability to get signal where my others phones couldn't
Great reception and wonderful display
Sleek (duh), compact (bigger duh), crisp sound, helpful features, Verizon network
It is also coming down in price and becoming very affordabl
Great design, amazing signal range, next generation voice recogintion, good camera and good sound quality
Light weight, thin profile, good battery life
Design, Carrier=Verizon, Camera, EDGE, Feels good to talk on
Sleek look and feel, large screen, great sound
Design, display, keypad illumination, USB charger, integrated antenna.
Sleek, Simple
Coolness Factor, size
Sexy hardware, nice screen, great form factor
bluetooth good looking easy use
Durable and easy to program.
Sleek,light and good looking. Bright keys. Large screen. Fairly good camera. Good vocal projection.
Stylish, thin, light, pics AND video, very durable
small, good looking, does many things 4X zoom Camera.
It looks cool?
Durability, interface, sound quality
nice appearance, clear speaker phone, stores more than 200 text messages at a time
great reception, great call quality, many cool features
Sleek, nice downloads, attractive looking.  That's it.
Sleek,nice screen.
Sleek & sexy aesthetics, large screen
sleek, sexy design, fits in most tight places, camera, bluetooth, mp3 capabilities
Good features, Great to play around with for the Video part and BlueTooth.
Display, battery, bluetooth, design, features
Slim, sleek, classy look
It's flat, small, but somewhat heavy
Thin, seems to be well built (heavy body), good sound quality.
Cute and light.
Weight, clarity of calls, design is fun.
If i had to pick one it would be the large screen...when it works.
-Size
very slim. nice design. big screen
Great reception. stylish, clarity of screen and pictures.
Many great features including: Bluetooth, Infrared, Camera, MP3.
Long standby and talk time. Bluetooth capable.
Price.  Durability.
Feature rich with superb battery life, but weaknesses overshadow strengths significantly.
Good looking phone, bluetooth, tons of features
Cute, cheap, good battery life
Customization.
Cute, slim, cool light-up feature, camera, flip-phone, bluetooth capable
Size, Reception, Bluetooth, ifrared, photo & video, voice recognition, organizer.
Cool features, great reception, fun to customize, good battery life
Nice multimedia/graphics & good sound.  Compact clamshell design.
Trouble free connection to PC with Infra-Red port for any transfer
Cool light effects, compact size, changeable covers, speaker phone
Looks nice, fun lights, changeable face plates
cute shape, bluetooth, the themes you can set, mp3 player, camera, clear speakerphone
light weight
Nice features
everything
mp3 player, bluetooth, reception
free,camera,media net,external screen,sound recording
cute looking
$19.99 phone and no monthly fees.
Simple basic phone, lightweight and thin, inexpensive
None
Phone is loud on the ears, no more walking outside a noisy environment to hear.
everything
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
A decent phone with some unique features!
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Beautiful screen.
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Neat camera and video.
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Easy to use feature loaded.
can pull in a signal where others can't.
camera phone & it was free,
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
Great signal, durable, compact
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Good reception, bluetooth.
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Many features.
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
Large screen, clear reception
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
See Review Above
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Good battery life
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
A solid camera phone with good sound quality!
Relatively tough phone, nice features for a basic or entry level user.
Compact phone with an excellent digital camera and MP3 Player.
MP3 player, 1.3 megapixel camera, many features
Thin design, MP3 player, 1.3 megapixel camera, Bluetooth, speakerphone, removable memory card
Great display, easy to use, sounds great
Megapixel camera. Video. MP3 player. Transflash card slot. Bluetooth. GPRS. Excellent screen.
Great form factor, great build quality, unique, and beautiful screen
Removable storage, PC connection, great video quality and well as sound
Slim, great features and great camera and display, flawless speakerphone and bluetooth.
Great screen, small formfactor (almost like RAZR), good menus, fast T9, AIM/Yahoo IM/ICQ, solidly built
Thin, but not fragile.  Stylish.
MP3 player, Expandable memory upto 1GB, Data connectivity with PC
The screen is big, a lot of memory
Great screen
Looks cool-
Great little flip phone, wonderful sound, strong speaker
Nice appearance, easy to use key pad and monitor
Good speaker phone capability, fairly long battery life
Sturdy, Shortcut key is nice
Easy to use, reception and battery life are great, and the speakerphone is decent.
Seemingly sturdier design with no loss of output or reception. Needs no separate cover.
Style and substance, compact size, loaded with features.
Superb design, great sound quality and reception.
Stylish, lots of features, can use as a modem for a notebook computer
Great phone, easy to use
A little narrower than a RAZR
very robust, quick response from keyboard
Sleek rubber skin, good reception, voice commands.
Ease of Use, Hip Styling, Features
Fun, functional and durable.  Doesn't feel like it'll break in your hand.
*Feel and look.
Motorola styling, choices of applications balanced well. battery life, weight and feel, overall sound quality(input/output)
Look, feel, reception, battery life, sound quality, and personalization.
It is Sexy and sleek and out runs the Razr by a mile!
The case and keyboard layout are beautiful.
Clear sound; modem phone; takes still and video pictures.
Bluetooth, mp3 player, transflash, camera, motorola name
Good Bluetooth functionality, memory is upgradeable, durable, lots of features
-MP3 Player
Good phone, good calls, good camera, good features, has bluetooth.  Inexpensive.
Packed with features, good call quality, easy to use.
Includes easy to use camera and mp3 audio player.  Decent voice/sound quality.  Decent reception.
camera, mp3 player, bluetooth, durable, expandable, large clear screen
High resolution internal lcd, many features, expandable memory card
TOO MUCH TO MENTION IN THIS LITTLE BOX...READ Descrip
Bluetooth is cool. Pictures, video fun for when you dont have a real camera.
Immediate confirmation, fast shipping, responsive to emails.
Good camera for phone, good clarity, menus easy to navigate, good music player
2 MEGAPixel camera, excellent night shots
2MP camera with flash, mp3 player, & 3d java games.
Removable memory stick easy to get to. Takes printable quality pics.
Sexy urban design, definite show off to friends..everything about it is great
user friendly with nice shortcuts.
Excellent display(s).
QVGA Screen 1.3mp Camera BT-SPK-Video MP3wNice Speakers Well Designed and Well Constructed
big bright screen, megapixel camera, camcorder, MP3 player, voice command
Better screen than the Razr. Better reception and audio quality as well.
Slim design, solid build, bluetooth headset has great sound.
Display Rocks, Has bluetooth built in, swivel camera
Big clear screen, quality photos, voice recognition, clear sound, adequate memory, compact & lightweight.
Slim design & strong vibrate feature
Size, looks
Works well for 9-12 weeks;
Very thin, looks good, works good, awesome features
TONS of featuresLightweight & smallGreat alternative to a "smart phone"
Large screen, easy text messaging, no dropped calls! Lots of features. Headphones preferred over speakers.
Nice Design and looks great
Slimness, durable construction
Bad battery life and freezes up.
sleek, small, light weight
good camera for a cell phone, thin design, display is amazing,
Sleek thin design.  Big BRIGHT display - perhaps the best feature of this phone.
Durable, easy to use, some good features
Rugged, but neat, good value for money
Bright inside display; Lots of features
Solidly built, easy to use, many convenient features.
small and sleek, great reception and clarity, withstands beating, reasonable price
Good basic phone, all the expected features, plus GPS ability
GPS, ease of use, cost, loud enough!
Good construction (physically). Decent features, reception.
Good form factor, display bright and clear,
Great clarity, good feel too phone
Uhhh... Wait... It will come.........It was rugged and strong...?
Nice graphic
Lights on the front
Better reception than the Audiovox cdm-8900,
Nice rubberized case.
great, works great, runs great, everything
Very Compact, Flip Design protects face& keys. Price is right.
While not perfect, this Nokia phone is quite nice
Design, excellent voice-quality, great FM stereo, presence of most basic features
The radio works wonders for me, The best feature I think is it's navigation system.
Durability and Portability, fits anywhere, goes anywhere.
Nice software, very fast.
Great performance, nice features, great headset, easy to use, takes decent pictures.
Long life battery, very reliable
Good features - camera, radio
Camera Phone, Flip Cell phone
Radio, messaging options...
small, good keys, can be dropped from at least three feet and not break
Nice slim design & cool looks, Above average reception, Loads of features
Inexpensive and reliable.
Reasonably priced, good reception, internal antenna
Light weight phone with a vivid color display and it's easy to use.
Small easy to navigate phone
Generally good reception, Internet works on most sites
Sound quality, design, reception, ease of use, attractive package.
Looks nice.
Small, light and generally user friendly.
Light weight and has all the features I need.
Compact flip phone, easy to navigate, good amount of features for price.
lightweight, simple
It is very compact and attractive. The price is great.
Has adequate features for the price
Light weight and eaSy to use.
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
A decent phone with some unique features!
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Beautiful screen.
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Neat camera and video.
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Easy to use feature loaded.
can pull in a signal where others can't.
camera phone & it was free,
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
Great signal, durable, compact
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Good reception, bluetooth.
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Many features.
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
Large screen, clear reception
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
See Review Above
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Good battery life
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
Better reception than a pre-pay, lightweight and good clarity.
It's the right size. It's simple. It's reasonably priced.
Good Cost. Basic Functional phone. Fulfills the need of a cell phone. Calendar function.
Good value for its price, easy-to-use, good pre-loaded ringtones, color screen.
Average battery life
excellent speaker phone, 1.3 megapixel digital camera, plays music files, long battery life, MicroSD slot
Good sound, including speakerphone, long battery life
good call and music quality, blue tooth technology, speakerphone
Excellent display resolution, great pictures, good new features..LG quality
MP3/WMA music in hi-fi, Video/Digital Image Capture,BlueTooth Capable,High Reliability,microSD slot, EVDO Broadband Enabled
Tough, Great Quality, Great Features, Awesome!
LQ quality, bluetooth, 1.3 megapixel camera, nice sound
Battery life, camera, clarity, memory slot
Long battery, sturdy, loud speakerphone, good quality, plays well with other devices
Battery life, utility, construction.
easy to use, easy to read display, lots of fun, also an mp3 player
Lots of features
good ergo design, Mobile Web 2.0, many A/V features, easy to use voice dialing
Does everything you need from a PHONE, and several other entertainment options as well
Long battery life, good size phone, great reception
small, lightweight, large backlit buttons, works in the areas where I need it to
Large buttons, good layout, excellent sound and speakers. Get to throw away my Motorola. Sturdy
Light, thin, small, good voice quality, good battery life, good camera & flash
Compact, loaded with features, displays are easy to customize
A very solid, reliable phone
stylish,durable,easy to customize,long battery life,lots of options and add ons
Sleek design, good sound, camera with flash
Excellent battery life; very good coverage; built-in MP3 player
Durability, size, speaker phone, color, clarity, Bluetooth, GPS.
Small and compact. Looks nice. Works decent without hands free.
Loud speaker phone, quick to charge, light weight
It's a phone, music player, camera and much more all in your pocket.
Great signal strength, great battery life
Battery life
Great reception, handy features, small and stylish.
Mobil Web
Great reception, sound quality and features!
Amazing screen, Great sound quality, Cool Form Factor.
looks cool, nice sound, and great LCD
Smooth slide, 2 Mega Pixel Cam with landscape mode , Bluetooth   and IR
Nice camera and dial pad.  Large display.  No ext. antenna.
The light-weight design, durability, camera quality, and slide function.
Great local performance.  Large screen size.  Great CELL PHONE camera.  Nice mp3 player.
good look great photos good reception
Nice black finish, looks cool, 2MP camera and flash
Resist all kind of beats. Never broken. A very useful phone
Relatively slim, compact, very neat sliding feature, quality build, vivid display, and much more!
Features: MP3 player, Camera, Radio, and lots more.
Lots of great features, audio and video options along with storage are great.
A bargain for lots of features. Cute, great design, cool-looking. And, it's a Sony.
Bluetooth, Mp3 Player, Nice Audio, Real Tones, Camera, FM Radio, Address Book
It swivels, good camera, charges quick, not bad on battery.
MP3 player, camera, good antenna, video camera, lots of memory space.
IPOD inspired design, MicroSD memory slot, Stereo Bluetooth headset capable, Reliable Verizon service
Great phone with solid features.  Plays actual mp3 files (not just wma).  Stylish.
light, great phone call quality, good camera quality, hi-res screen, memory expandable
Trendy, Great Sound, Customizable, Great Camera Quality
Great audio and video display!
A stylish full feature phone.
Sleek, smart-looking, very pleasing to the eye.
Looks are great on this phone. Great video camera.
Decent call quality, can play music, slim profile phone.
Great Reception, Great Design, Slide Phone, Large Memory, Large/Sharp LCD Screen, Features
Nice to look at, nice to hold. Cutting edge, cool factor. Nice large display.
MicroSD, MP3, Big screen
SIZE, COLOR, FINISH, VOICE QUALITY.
Sleek, conveniently combines several devices into one, compact
Durable, Small, MP3 player, Stylish
Great design, mp3 player, 1.3megapixel camera, innovative touch screen interface, good presentation, speakers, bluetooth, lightweight,
-When you get your cellphone, the presentation is nice. I even kept the box, it's nice looking. You get many  ...
Solid & sleek design, volume settings
Display, good camera, battery life
great sound quality, quality camera, customization
New, Trendy, Looks Like iPod
music player, low rf emissions, easy to lock/unlock keys
Sleek and full of great features.
Functions well
Very good looking and well built.  Has a diverse voice command system, with many commands.
Stylish, sleek, decent music quality
none, it seems like a cool gadget but its defective junk
Best Price offered , Long Life battrey  Charge
Great looks, call quality, voice recognition and command, features, MP3 player, and battery life.
Sleek, easy to use, MP3 capable, 1.3 megapixel camera, clear calls/sounds, long battery life.
sexy design, eye catching
Good call quality, decent pictures and a micro SD slot
Slim & attractive, loud ringer, nice large screen & keypad
It is small and looks sleek and trendy.
Solid battery life, easy to use, good sound quality, feels more substantial than Razr.
Light, attractive, good display, easy buttons, sound quality is good.
Slim, light, great screen!
Looks Great, works great at an affordable price.
Size, weight, feel, dependability.
Battery life, Bright Screen, Lightweight
Sounds and looks great!
Non functional and cheap
Great basic phone
A great phone with a camera and MP3 player!
Sleek, attractive phone. Very good performance.
Superb basic phone, loud volume, pocket sized design, excellent speaker quality
Absolutely gorgeous, decent audio quality
camera, reception, size, memory card
Solidly built phone- great clear reception
Looks sharp nice display lots of features
thin, looks nice
Size, Style, Light but sturdy feeling, Shiny!
easy to use, great screen-brightness, simple keypad, loud ringer,  very light and compact, flashy appearance
good looks, battery life, call quality, bluetooth.
style, interface
Looks good!!!
Looks good
form factor, weight, dimensions, large screen, great battery, good bluetooth
Light, sleek, Value for money.
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
A decent phone with some unique features!
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Beautiful screen.
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Neat camera and video.
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Easy to use feature loaded.
can pull in a signal where others can't.
camera phone & it was free,
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
Great signal, durable, compact
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Good reception, bluetooth.
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Many features.
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
Large screen, clear reception
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
See Review Above
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Good battery life
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
Features, and loads of them!
Brilliant Screen, Global connectivity, 3G (outside of US), Reception & Sound Clarity, Bluetooth 2.0, Camera
Screen, camera, keypad easy to use, nice form factor, good controls, excellent software
Versatile, Feature-Packed, Solid Double 3 MegaPixel camera.  MusicCenter (mp3player, fm-radio), Video recorder & player
Great sound, great reception, nice integration, compact, solid, OK Camera, incredibly sharp display
Good camera, great 320x240 display, MP3 player sound quality, popular phone platform=lots of games/apps,
Looks Good and large choice of option
Easy to use.  Excellent sound/volume on both earpiece and speakerphone.
Pretty pink, sexy looking, slim profile, bluetooth
compact, attractive, great reception, easy to use, good battery life
Small, lightweight and easy to use.
Just a great little all round  phone.
slim, cool, high tech, easy to use, pink!
Price, Slim Look, Battery
Slim and fits well in your hand
Slim, good looks, easy to use, totally worth the money, bluetooth
comes in different colors
decent battery life.
sleek design, large screen, vibrant colour

Quite small and light. Seems well made and certainly feature rich.
The latest Symbian OS 9.1 SP1 -- it's all you can dream of right now.
nice imaging capabilities
The 5MG camera is high quality
High quality camera. GPS. WIFI. Light, compact design. Easy to sync.
Great video recorder, very nice picture machine, easy menu, nice colours and design.
Great reception, excellent sound clarity, wonderful features.
Reception, video, Music Player, Camera, hi-res LCD's
3G internet, sleek design, swivel camera, MP3 player, text templates
Mp3 player, camera, thin phone
Attractive/sleek
Compact, HSDPA, EDGE, Quad Band, 1.3 Mp Camera/Camcorder, Stereo Bluetooth
Great sound, nice video playback, solid build, MP3 ringtones, solid keypad, rotating camera, bluetooth
Sound Quality, MP3 Player, style and size.
headphone jacks and 3G .
Great Battery life, Bright screen, Great color, Great Sound
Loud, clear speakerphone and earpiece, great camera, slim design
Great Music Player and displays, 3G, BatteryLife, SOLID PHONE!
Good reliability/reception, great audio/music, decent cameras/battery life, good txt/multimedia/internet capabilities
Design and color; MP3 player with external controls; 3G
Great features, nice interface, reliable
Tiny, great sound (ringing, talking, music), Nokia reliability, easy to use & customize, flight mode
The Nokia 5300 is a slide phone that automatically locks  by itself.
Tons of storage and VERY user friendly.  Lots of features!
Cool slider phone design. Wireless connectivity. Easy to use. Use MP3 for ringtones.
Very user-friendly, awesome speaker sound for calls and music, colorful, bluetooth, voice activated
- buttons
Good screen. Syncs with Rhapsody.
slider design, customizable, easy-to-use software, radio feature, external memory
Software, reception, features, display image quality
Great features, easy to use
Great sound quality
very snazzy, easy to use, many different functions, great music player
Amazing design, call clarity, music features, and battery life.
Strong music player, impressive multimedia features, good volume/speakerphones.
Great phone voice quality, Very good MP3 player, Excellent camera, Large memory capability.
Great music
LOADED with features; No moving parts
Great 4 GB IPOD, Good printable CAMERA, Good Video PLAYER, and a phone too
easy to use, good camera, works well
small, big screen. exellent sound quality, usb cable, CD, headset. graphics and coztumizations. battery durability.
Good range of features
Comfortable to hold, easy to use, very good camera for a phone, and full'a features.
Listed above.
Everything- tech, design, build, features, user friendly...
Sound quality is excellent, user interface is friendly, graphics are top notch, great camera!
Well it does work as advertised except for the lockups.
I would say the biggest benefit is a business look with a youthful appeal.
Durablility.
great battery life, easy to use
Small, good sound, My Faves, easy to use
Slim line, very easy to use and very attractive
Its small, sleek, and gorgeous!
not a brick,camera,easy to use,great coverage!easy to get skins and cases,price
Gorgeous!  Sounds great, looks even better.
Lightweight, Compact, Bluetooth, Internet, VCast, 1.3MP Camera, Removable Memory, MP3 Playback
light & thin, read txt on outer lcd, music player cababilities, touch sensative keys
size, styling, 2 color LCD screens, camera controls, voice sound quality +++
Good reception, nice width, excellent music and voice quality, decent battery life, 1.3MP camera
Very sleek look; quality build
Small profile, nice screen
thin, sexy, excellent service
Looks spectacular.  Can fit large storage card in it.  Can use own images for display.
Nice Size, finish and features...  Best looking phone out
Small slim size, aesthetic appeal
Sleek style
Good reception. MP3 and Bluetooth capable.
small slim size is good.  it takes decent pictures.
Size and finish are nice.  V Cast. ! Nice displays.  Good camera. VZ Navigator.
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
A decent phone with some unique features!
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Beautiful screen.
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Neat camera and video.
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Easy to use feature loaded.
can pull in a signal where others can't.
camera phone & it was free,
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
Great signal, durable, compact
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Good reception, bluetooth.
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Many features.
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
Large screen, clear reception
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
See Review Above
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Good battery life
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
long standby time, voice commands, compact, sleek looking, decent camera
Extremely thin and light, durable, great sound quality, good reception quality, amazing LCD.
Excellent display,
Skinny, non slip coating,vivid display.Nice tactile.
Attractive. Nice time display on the outside. Very thin. Nice screen.
A basic cell phone, inexpensive with very good reception and a large number memory.
Nice basic phone!
Price, reception and call quality, simple phone, candy bar.
A great choice for people who just want a phone.
simple to use, has most of the necessary features
Great camera. Great video and MP3. Solid phone.
Small, handsome, full function, exceeds basic needs, good value, travels well.
Tiny, very capable, good conversation piece, good reception/sound, no probs w/ the small keys
great graphics, lightweight, able to be personalized, small
Slim body, great collection of features
Voice quality and service, media player, slim form factor,
A stylish and affordable phone that is finally available on Sprint.
Thin and sleek, Cool color nice features
trendy, good call quality, speakerphone
Small, attractive, good quality on calls, speaker phone is OK. Internal software pretty good.
Thin, Light, Big Screen.
Cute phone; Thin and lightweight; FaveFive Compatible; Several Features: Camera, Video, Voice Phone Book.
RECEPTION!, styling, battery life, sound quality.
Quality sound, Easy to use, Nice features
It looks nice
voice dialing.
Sound quality.
Touch Pad Navigation, Larger Screen, Good Camera, Fun Music Player, Advanced Bluetooth, Fun Phone.
Sound Quality. Clear Picture. External Battery. Features.
Truly Pocketable. Affordable. Fast. Perfect with Bluetooth headsets. Tip Calculator & World Clock features!
Sound quality; Long battery life
QWERTY. Landscape. Fast. Built in Speakers. Feature Set.
Landscape mode with full qwerty keyboard.  Large screen. Very slim
Small size and good battery life.
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
A decent phone with some unique features!
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Beautiful screen.
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Neat camera and video.
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Easy to use feature loaded.
can pull in a signal where others can't.
camera phone & it was free,
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
Great signal, durable, compact
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Good reception, bluetooth.
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Many features.
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
Large screen, clear reception
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
See Review Above
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Good battery life
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
Small and lightweight, Sleek, Easy-to-use LG interface, 2.0-megapixel camera, Bluetooth
Sexy looking phone, sturdy construction, and exceptional performance.
Quality construction, Pocketable, Beautiful Styling
Nice look, good camera, feels like a phone, not a toy.
Good call quality, nice features
Solid feel; great style; large display; quality mic and speakers; the perfect phone with bling
Beautiful, sleek, elegant shape. Stays new looking a long time.
Light weight, VERY LOUD RINGER/SPEAKER, Small in size (good for pockets), plenty of storage space.
Solid serious phone for grownups.  Rugged and reliable.  Great battery life.
Great battery life, nice looking phone, plenty of features, awesome price.
Slim Type phone, Cheap and cool.
Wifi, seamless wifi to GSM transition. Can use instant messaging on wifi. Bluetooth, VGA camera.
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
A decent phone with some unique features!
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Beautiful screen.
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Neat camera and video.
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Easy to use feature loaded.
can pull in a signal where others can't.
camera phone & it was free,
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
Great signal, durable, compact
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Good reception, bluetooth.
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Many features.
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
Large screen, clear reception
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
See Review Above
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Good battery life
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
i'm searching for a new cell phone